[Music]
hi you guys welcome back to my channel
today I'm going to be sharing with you a
very quick and simple video that's going
to be worth your while some time ago I
did post a video on how to deep clean
your kitchen sink like a pro and today
I'm going to teach you how to clean your
glass stovetop to look like new once
again and all about finding products
that are bomb and get the job done
God knows I do not have much time in my
hands to spend cleaning or scrubbing
when I find something that works I stick
to it and that's why I'm going to be
share with you this amazing product not
only does it clean all that tough stuck
on food but it also polishes it as well
and I'm telling you your stovetop is
never going to look better comment down
below if you'd like to see any more deep
cleaning videos I'm thinking I might do
like eliminating your kitchen odors type
of video or something of that sort so if
you want to see that give this video a
thumbs up you're new to my channel I
would love for you to subscribe it would
mean so much to me and if you're a
returning subscriber thank you thank you
so much for continuing to watch my video
and look you all so much
and I'll see you all in my next video
bye guys big Wanaka all right Matthew
ready say bye guys
alright you guys so this is how my stove
top looked I actually hadn't cleaned my
stovetop in about a week
Joseph you guys can really appreciate
how well this cleaner works so what I
like to do first is spray some
multi-surface cleaner onto my stovetop
and just wipe it down with a paper towel
just to make sure that I remove anything
that's not stuck on before I apply the
cleaner so this is the cleaner that I'm
going to be using it's from the brand
Waymon and it's a glass cooktop heavy
duty cleaner and polisher I know that
they have one also for gas ranges so if
you go onto their website I'll try to
link it down below you can definitely
find that as well but the way I like to
use this cleaner is just by pouring it
onto my stovetop but especially paying
extra close attention to those areas in
which have those tough baked on messes
and then with a paper towel I like to
dab that cleaner into all the areas that
have that gunk I'm going to let this sit
for about 10 minutes and let this
product work its magic I'm going to be
using the scrubbing pads from the same
brand women I'll try to lick it down
below as well but these are non abrasive
pads so they won't scratch the glass yet
they're powerful enough to remove all
that burned on food
I do like to wet the pad with some hot
water before I start scrubbing and then
after that I just start scrubbing and
everything just literally lifts off
[Music]
after I'm done scrubbing I'm going to
rinse off that pad and then just pour a
little bit of hot water onto my stovetop
just to remove as much cleaner off as
possible I'm going to use a microfiber
cloth adjust to finish taking off all
that cleaner I'm going to wrap a butter
knife in the same microfiber cloth and
just clean off all the edges of the
stovetop because sometimes food tends to
settle in the edges for the ultimate
shine I'm going to spray some glass
cleaner onto my stovetop this one is
from spray away and I'm just going to
wipe everything down with a paper towel
you're going to instantly see all that
shine come back to life I hope you guys
found this video helpful and don't
forget to give this a thumbs up and I'll
see you all in the next one bye guys
[Music]
[Music]