[Music]
hi I'm Farm to Table Chef Tech Thompson
at Tech thompson.com and today we're
talking about how to plant an avocado
pit in soil so I've selected a ripe
avocado and I'm going to just take the
pit out of it going to take my knife and
I'm going to cut around it
lengthwise like so and then I'm just
going to take it and I'm going to pull
in half and pull it apart now I'm just
going to try to work the pit out
gently like and then I'm just going to
set the avocado halves aside for a
guacamole a salad later now I just want
to kind of get the pit really clean so
I'm just going
to take my paper towel that I've sprayed
with water and just wipe the pit off
removing all the
pulp okay and now I'm going to take
another paper
towel and this is just going to be to
hold it so what we're going to do is
we're going to cut off the top of the
seed and as you can see if you if you
have trouble distinguishing the top top
from the bottom uh it's always shaped
kind of like an egg so you want the
pointed end up and then the more flat
flatly rounded end at the bottom and I'm
just going to take it and cut it cutting
the tip of it
off with your knife and just make sure
that it doesn't slip cuz it can kind of
be slippery and this is just going to
help it germinate faster so once we've
done that I'm going to take my container
of allpurpose potting soil that I've
already moistened and I'm going to make
a little dip in the center of it like
this and I'm going to place avocado seed
right in
there just like so and then I'm going to
cover it the rest of the way up with the
AP
soil giving a really thin layer over it
and then I'm just going to water that
in like so so after I've done that I'm
going to take a piece of Saran wrap that
I've already cut off and I'm just going
to place it over our pot and what this
is going to do is it's going to continue
to keep in the moisture and it's going
to also make sure that the seed stays
really warm which is perfect condition
for it to germinate kind of making a
little oneman Greenhouse right here so
this this seed will take about uh 2
weeks to germinate and in the meantime
you're going to want to make sure that
it stays moist we already have it in a
well draining pot and you can um make
sure to keep it I mean if you're going
to keep it inside if you can do it like
on the top of a fridge or something like
that as long as it gets enough light it
adds heat to it cuz you want it to
germinate in about 80Â° and then once the
plant gets big enough you can transplant
it outside and that is how to plant an
avocado seed in soil I'm Farm to Table
Chef Teka Thompson at te thompson.com
thank you for
[Music]
watching