[Music]
today I want to tell you a little story
once upon a time we had two little
lavender hedges that bordered two sides
of each of two of our fruit bats they
look something like this
over time as happens to all of us they
aged and began to look past their best
now they look something
like this
not a pretty sight grass had grown in
among the plants dandelions had grown in
among the plants and in some places huge
ducks had also grown in amongst the
plants so something had to be done
we started with plan a which was to buy
small little plants grow them on and
replace them with brand new plants this
plan was shelved we'll be back to that
later so we moved on to plan B Plan B
was to dig out the lavenders dig a
deeper hole and plant the lavenders
deeper so that they could Bush out and
this is what we started to do here but
the ground was hard and the lavenders
just would not come out we didn't want
to damage the quince tree and we didn't
want to damage the blackcurrant bushes
so Plan B like plan a was shelved and
the next plan was to get out as many of
the leaves as many of the weeds sorry as
possible
trim the plants back as hard as I dared
because I didn't want to trim them into
totally bare wood and then hope that
they would Bush out and then maybe fill
some of the gaps with new plants this is
where we're at at the moment
Plan C
this side of the hedge doesn't look too
bad the plants of bushier but there's
one thing that spoils it the docks
there's no way they're going to or I'm
going to be able to dig them out and so
what I've done is spread some of that
gel weed killer onto the leaves in the
hope that that will actually do the
trick
all these lavenders were actually grown
from seed from a lavender in our
greenhouse so I may have a go at doing
that again to fill in the gaps the ones
on this side the ones we started to show
you with the video at the beginning they
were grown from cuttings and so what
I've actually done is some lazy men's
cuttings over here
I've just stuck some bits of lavender
that I trimmed off the bushes into the
soil I don't think they'll grow but she
don't try you don't win do you and then
it's a little walk
pass the blueberries which looking
really nice we should get a lot of
blueberries from that Bush this year but
forget-me-nots has been a triumph
into our dining area and here are some
lazy mins cuttings done in a different
way these ones have been stuck into some
compost in a module again I don't think
they'll work but nothing ventured now I
talked about plan a let's just pop down
the plot and see why the planet day was
a non-starter it wasn't that the little
plants that we bought didn't grow very
well they did there were tiny plug
plants which were potted up into modules
they grow into nice strong plants and
were planted in this bed to grow on
before removing them and planting them
as for hedging around the fruit beds but
we like how this bed looks it's got two
varieties in I think ones dwarf Munstead
and the other ones head cut and when
they're in full flower this bed looks
really nice
and so plan a didn't work because we
didn't want to move those plants we like
them too much where they were it
wouldn't have worked anyway because it
would have involved getting those old
woody plants out which as I said we
found totally impossible and so what I
will probably do next is to take some
cuttings the proper way and then maybe
when these loving display take some
seeds off and try planting some seeds
sowing some seeds even I'm filling in
with the plants the hope will grow from
that into these gaps
I don't know whether that will be plan E
or not either way I may show you later
if I have any success or not while
sniping and filming Martin edged the
beds that I'd already tidied up so now
they looked quite presentable except of
course for the docks which I hope that
weed killer will soon take effect upon
sir for now that's all
[Music]