hey everybody appliance Paul here in the
garden
check out these hollyhocks this season
been getting a lot of compliments on
these a lot of fun to grow actually
growing shaders double this seed right
here becoming closer here you can see
that they've got a beautiful double
bloom which is more it's richer fuller
than the single bloom hollyhocks double
bloom all the nice frilly ornate Center
and the single bloom which is your
traditional hollyhock even in these
shader
double mixture you're gonna get some
single blooms but they're still
beautiful
in windy conditions these can get blown
over so what I'm doing here is just
tying these off I kind of like this
bamboo you know it's very thin and
aesthetically it doesn't really take a
lot away from growing the flower and
that'll give enough reinforcement for
that stalk to remain good throughout the
growing season rust is the bane of
hollyhock leaves and you're just going
to provide better nutrient to the rest
of the plant by getting rid of these
rusted blighted leaves that's pretty
nasty I think that's some kind of blight
right there but you want to get rid of
all that stuff and that's gonna help the
plant grow healthier can also see I've
mulched up around the basis of these
plants this retains moisture in the
plant it also is going to add nutrients
throughout the season because as you can
tell these are pretty big plants and
they need lots of nourishment are you
growing hollyhocks in your garden thanks
for watching post your comments below
and happy gardening