[Music]
the six best substitutes for rice
vinegar rice vinegar is a type of
vinegar made from fermented rice it is a
mild slightly sweet flavor it's a staple
ingredients in many kinds of Asian
cuisine including pickled vegetables
sushi rice salad dressings and slaws
this video will explore six of the best
substitutes for rice vinegar number one
white wine vinegar white wine vinegar
has an acidic taste that is slightly
less sweet than rice vinegar use an
equal amount of white wine vinegar in
place of rice vinegar adding 1/4
teaspoon 1 gram of sugar per tablespoon
15 milliliters of vinegar number 2 apple
cider vinegar apple cider vinegar has a
mild flavor that is similar to rice
vinegar you can substitute apple cider
vinegar for rice vinegar in a 1:1 ratio
and add 1/4 teaspoon 1 gram of sugar per
tablespoon 50 milliliters of vinegar to
add sweetness number 3 lemon or lime
juice lemon or lime juice can add
acidity and flavor to sauces flaws and
dressings you can swap them for rice
vinegar in your recipes in a 2:1 ratio
note that these citrus juices will add a
distinctive flavor number 4 champagne
vinegar champagne vinegar has a mild
taste and can be used to replace rice
vinegar in practically any recipe
substitute it into your recipes using a
1:1 ratio number 5
seasoned rice vinegar substitute an
equal amount of seasoned rice vinegar
for regular rice vinegar but remove four
tablespoons 50 grams of sugar plus 2
teaspoons 12 grams of salt from the
original recipe and number 6 sherry
vinegar sherry vinegar is made using
sherry and has a flavor profile and
acidity similar to rice vinegar
substitute using a 1:1 ratio in any
recipe that calls for rice vinegar
thanks for watching if you like this
video please subscribe our channel for
more
[Music]