[Music]
hello and welcome to animal wised if you
want to smarten up your cat or dog you
can't go wrong with this homemade bowtie
video
[Music]
to make your DIY bowtie you will need a
rectangular piece of fabric measuring 20
by 30 centimeters and a smaller piece
measuring 4 by 9 centimeters you will
also need some needle and thread and a
stretchy piece of fabric to tie our boot
time the first step is to take our piece
of larger fabric and fold it in half
taken into account to the side of the
fabric you want to be visible needing to
be on the inside once folded sew the
edge when we're confident our stitches
are in place turn the fabric inside out
and leave the line of stitches at the
top then we repeat the process of
folding the fabric sew in the edge and
turning inside
we then take the small piece of fabric
and fold it lengthwise to see where is
the center this will serve as a guide so
we can fold the fabric into quarters
[Music]
finally fold the fabric once more and
sew it into place take the fabric we
have for the bowtie and make three small
folds like this so we give shape to
using needle and thread make a couple of
stitches to hold it in position finally
wrap the strip of fabric around the
center of the loop we need to remember
to fold the piece of fabric like so to
stop the CIMA from showing once in
position so again trim the excess thread
and we have our bow time to be able to
secure it to our pet we can simply
thread an elastic strip through the
fabric so that we can put it over our
pets head
[Music]
let's try it with our dog yeah thank you
so much for watching give us a like if
you found it helpful and subscribe for
more we'll see you next time
[Music]