what's going on guys and welcome to
another episode of cooking with John
they have a special episode and I will
be making my mom's homemade tuna salad
recipe which consists tuna peas macaroni
salad and a couple of other popped
flavors here so without further ado
we're gonna go ahead we're gonna jump
right into it we're going to throw our
Peas and our macaroni salad noodles on
the stove let those boil warm up and
then we go ahead and make this out here
we have eight ounces of frozen pea we've
added a little bit of water so and then
we'll let them heat up and cook down
we're doing 16 pound of macaroni salad
noodles that's a whole box and one of
the secrets to this salad is cooking the
macaroni pasta until it's chewy you
don't want it to be completely done and
soft and you know just mush it you want
it to be a little chewy cuz we're going
to throw this in the fridge for about
three or four hours and cooking the
macaroni until it's chewy will really
give this salad just a phenomenal
texture now finely chop up a 1/2 cup of
white onion I'm going to do this very
very very fine next we're going to chop
up one cup of salary and again we're
going to chop this up to be very very
fine so for our dressing we're going to
start out with one cup of mayo added to
half cups here because of the measuring
cup that I'm using and 1 tablespoon of
prepared mustard which is yellow mustard
you can find it in the comments aisle 1
tablespoon of sugar 1 cup of finely
chopped salary and 1/2 cup of finely
chopped onion as well as our Peas and we
mix this all together oh yeah that looks
real good doesn't it trust me this is
really delicious it might not look that
appetizing but when it's done it is one
of the best side chilled salads you
could ever serve at any sort of party
slash function and the next step in the
process is to take our noodles and all
of our what we call our dressing that
has all of our other ingredients in it
add it to the noodles and then we're
going to go ahead and add one large can
of white albacore tuna I prefer the
canned in water some people prefer the
canned in oil but the water seems to
work the best
to this recipe and then we're just going
to take this and we're going to mix it
up and it's going to look a little gooey
and messy and maybe not really that
appetizing but the secret here is we're
going to put it in the refrigerator for
about three hours we're going to let it
chill and it's going to come out with
just a perfect perfect texture and
consistency and like I said this salad
is absolutely delicious and it was by
far one of the most favorite things that
I ate up growing up at picnics family
functions things like that my mom still
makes it for me when I go home that's
where I got the idea to share the recipe
for last time I was in Minnesota so this
is going to be our salad we're going to
take it we're going to cover it in
plastic wrap we're going to place it in
the fridge for three hours and then we
can serve it and it is going to be so
stinking good oh you guys don't even
know I'm so fat it now into the fridge
for three hours and here is the final
product it's been in the refrigerator
for three hours the dressing has really
took to the noodles and we're going to
go ahead and give it a taste well it's
time to try the salad here goes nothing
a little Irish Cup here but one thing I
did mention too is in text you can do a
teaspoon of salt and a teaspoon of
pepper and add it to this
now I actually just forgot what I'm
going to do is go ahead and add it after
this video guys it sits in the fridge
overnight
it'll absorb all that flavor so tomorrow
it'll taste fantastic right here goes
tell you what uh I love just eating
things that I grew up being there just I
brings me back to my childhood this is
so good I'm so glad I was able to
preserve this recipe on the internet so
thanks for watching guys check out my
tuna salad well rather my mom's tuna
salad I think was like my grandma's
recipe may I go way back so please give
this video a thumbs up comment below let
me know if you're going to make it and
I'm just glad I'm here eating some tuna
salad see you guys next time