real life such a beautiful thing don't
you think you guys during this contact
I'll get the lightest content here also
click on the bell come on be a part of
the notification when out last night I
had a few drinks guys and I'm little
hungover I probably had like three shots
I'm craving this guy's this year or this
summer guys it's we call it Katie's here
and it's pretty much a carnival and I'm
craving a corndog I do not want to pay
the high entry fee so I'm gonna make it
at home and some fried corn dog no
mozzarella corn dog as well let me show
you how easy it is to make the best
crunchy corn dog and mozzarella or
created mozzarella stick em up don't
blank
first things first to start off with our
batter so we got 2 cups of flour 2
tablespoon of baking powder a cup a
cornmeal quarter cups a sugar 1 teaspoon
of salt blend that in 2 cups of milk
here going with two eggs up there a cup
of vegetable oil here that's all we're
doing mix this in and dump it in you
know I should just dump it in okay but
mix this until it becomes nice and
smooth you got this nice and smooth time
to batter and fry it goes something like
this I got vegetable oil here heating up
on a medium-high heat for about 20
minutes after 20 minutes take my
chopstick or my wooden spoon in and if
it bubbles up like this
oils ready so I got my hot dogs these
are kirklands hot dogs and I got some
mozzarella sticks here or dried
mozzarella sticks here so so corn dog
batter batter this up really nicely let
it drain out a bit dump them in the pool
I don't care if you can swim get it out
just gonna do two at a time because I
think if I do three they'll just all
stick together
yeah cooking time for this 3 to 5
minutes or until desired golden crispy
if it bubbles up or if it Browns fast
guys I feel like it's browning fast I'm
just gonna drop the heat down to a 4
just let it go for minutes up it's gonna
pop them out
nice simple easy and delicious next our
Korean mozzarella stick or corndog
mozzarella stick flower that into our
batter once I got that nice and coated
and I shake off any excess because the
excess shaking off I got petco crumbs
right here henkle problem once you got
that nice and coated into the pool for
about two to three minutes I don't care
take a swim two to three minutes up pop
them out of the pool
so once we pop them out of the pool just
gonna let it drain for a second after a
dream for a second throw them into sugar
yes shake up I haven't had this ever but
Koreans love this in sugar so I'm a
dunking sugar okay it's a lot of sugar
beautiful lastly we're just gonna play
them very simple guys got a little
basket here so corn dog team lots of dog
when he guys gonna come by simple nice
and easy
come through guys okay alright always do
this guys I'm gonna be completely honest
with you guys I had to do a thumbnail so
I have to take a bite of this Korean
mozzarella stick corn dog and it was
delicious
guys take breast buy this or second buy
this
that's not it nice pump for this best
thing ever Hangul I shout out to Korea
for making such a weird but delicious
thing just trigger kinda threw me off
but the sugar actually makes this even
tastier
it's so weird and tasty mmm-hmm hi
pieces of the regular corn dog mm-hmm
just the corn all by itself for now
quick time guys yes got it nice pop for
this classic with the Kirkland hot dog -
mm-hmm truly amazing
mmm I got some honey mustard here which
I made I don't remember when I made it
where did I make this oh the golden the
golden crispy wait just because I don't
want to double dip it in a bowl here
nice baby with the honey garlic or honey
honey mustard nice little too much sauce
for me my cravings has been fixed yeah
it's nice though we have a carnival
going on here
I think the adult entry fees like $20
[Music]
mm-hmm
and I think corndogs additional five to
eight dollars depending on the size you
want to make a whole batch of corn dogs
at home it's gonna cost you around I
almost hit fifteen dollars not including
the cheese the cheese one cost a little
more by Indian when you add it up it's
still gonna be cheaper when made at home
I went to get another bite of this maybe
with the spatula because I know Koreans
eat this with ketchup which is weird too
ketchup and mustard I believe all right
a bite with no makeup
it's got nicely for this mm-hmm
mm-hmm I'm not really feeling it with
the cap trip though just by itself
arrays delicious mm-hmm estimation all
right one more corn dog one more corn
dog before I call it a game
quick time guys nice one of these
Kirkland hot dogs has around a thousand
milligrams of sodium Jeff I sold it I
think I kind of ruined it for you guys
with the Korean one because I took a
thumbnail and as I put it in my mouth I
just pulled it took the picture let's
just start eating it sure you didn't
really see my first reaction my first I
should have caught it on peut bottles
next time no there's not gonna be the
next time because I had already done
goofed there with corn dog a I'm a
mustard guy
what are you guys mustard or ketchup
queue mustard or Kim ketchup I probably
eat a whole bottle of mustard when I'm
being poor not see hat I believe the
batter is like lightly sweetened already
mm-hmm and I think the kind of gives it
too much of a sweetness the mustard just
gives it a nice sharp taste to it and
just balance it nicely
that's amazing
hope you guys enjoy this one don't
forget to subscribe if you haven't also
don't forget the big ol in your nice
beautiful thing [ __ ] alright not one
like Jared peace up