washing your car sounds like simple
business but the nasty sticky stuff that
clings to a vehicle like dirt road Grime
bugs tar and tree sap can be difficult
to remove and some cleaning products and
tools can damage Automotive finishes so
if you want to keep the exterior of your
car looking new doing the job correctly
is important so let's take a look at
some products and techniques that can
help you achieve a thorough clean
without damaging the Finish right here
right now welcome to the AutoZone DIY
garage the dirt and grime that
accumulates on the exterior of your car
is a strange mix of stuff that all too
often includes nasty contaminants like
pollutants in the air unburned fuel from
vehicle exhausts and acidic waste from
animals and plants left in place for an
extended period of time it can begin to
bond to as well as burn its way through
your car's finish that's why weekly
washing is a good idea if you hope to
preserve that showroom fresh
shine did you know dish soap and laundry
detergent can damage your car's
paint the first rule of car washing is
to use only products meant for cleaning
automobiles some cleaning products such
as dish soap May strip your wax leaving
the Finish unprotected car washing
products are formulated to remove loose
contaminants as well as condition and
nourish your finish the second rule is
always wash in the shade
if water dries on the finish before you
have a chance to dry the car it can
cause spotting what's more a beat of
water on the car's finish Cann act like
a magnifying glass multiplying the heat
of the Sun and damaging the Finish begin
the wash process by giving the car a
good strong Water Rinse to wash off
loose dirt then pre-treat tough dirt
like Road tar bugs and tree sap with a
specialized bug and tar pre-wash you can
purchase that product at AutoZone simply
spray or wipe it onto the residue area
then wait 3 to 5 minutes before rinsing
and washing the entire exterior with a
car wash product AutoZone carries a
number of car wash formulations follow
the directions on the package when using
one of these products and mix the
recommended amount with water in a
bucket and fill a second bucket with
plain water wash and rinse one section
at a time starting at the top of the
vehicle apply fresh soapy water
liberally using a wash mitt soft sponge
or cloth we recommend using only micro
micofiber cloths and mitts the synthetic
knit is very soft and absorbit but can
be rung dry microfiber holds dust dirt
and bugs well but rinses out easily with
very little nasty stuff being absorbed
into the cloth following each
application of soapy water rinse the
dirty wash mitt in the plain water
bucket before continuing as you work
your way around the car keep the mitt as
clean and fresh as possible if your car
has a fabric convertible top use a
recommended convertible top cleaner or
apply the soap soy water and scrub with
a soft bristle brush Wheels require
special cleaners to safely remove all
the brake dust and Road Grime specially
formulated wheel cleaners are available
for the different types of Wheels among
products you'll find at AutoZone are
wheel cleaners specifically formulated
for aluminum wheels and chrome wheels as
well as allpurpose wheel cleaners for
factory wheels after rinsing the wheel
with water spray the appropriate wheel
cleaner onto the wheel give it
approximately 15 seconds to loosen the
brake dust and Road grime and then rinse
it off using a strong stream of water if
the wheel is extremely dirty scrub it
with a wheel brush before
rinsing did you know wheel protectant
safeguards the wheel and helps reduce
brake dust buildup for future
cleanings do a thorough final rinse of
the entire car once you finish washing
and rinsing each section to help
minimize the chance of water spotting
Don't Spray but instead remove the
nozzle and allow rinse water to flow
over the surface freely that will help
prevent water beating dry the car
immediately with the shammy or
microfiber cloth if you use a shammy
soak it in water and ring it out before
using it on the car it will absorb water
best when it's moist and its soft
surface won't scratch the car as you dry
the car continue to ring the shammy out
from time to time don't forget to dry
the door jams after the car is dried
wash each window inside and out with a
sprayon window cleaner be sure to use
only ammonia-free window cleaner to
avoid damaging your your window
tint did you know many household window
cleaners contain
ammonia to achieve that finished show
quality look apply a tire shine dressing
make sure all dirt and grime has been
removed from the tire before applying
the dressing although many of these
products come in a spray can they're
best applied with a small applicator
sponge to avoid overspray allow the tire
shine to drve before driving away this
will help prevent sling when you
finished wash your mits sponges towels
and shammy thoroughly and make sure
they're dry before storing you want
everything to be clean and ready for
your next wash dirt on the equipment can
Harden in place and could spoil your
next wash job or even damage your car's
finish don't use fabric softener or
dryer sheets when washing microfiber
cloths and mitts if a small bit of
something nasty gets on your car before
you're due for another wash use a
detailer spray cleaner to remove it
rather than starting over with the
complete wash finally remember that
washing is just one step in car in for
your car's exterior for maximum gloss
and protection you should clean the
paint periodically and remove any swirls
using a clear coat safe polishing
compound or a clay bar done properly
polishing can create a smooth as glass
finish once the Finish is as perfect as
you can make it apply a highquality car
wax by doing this every few months or so
your car will not only look good but
will be protected against the
elements that completes our discussion
of how to wash your car we hope this
information helps helps you keep your
vehicle looking like new for more Car
Care help or to purchase any of the
products you'll need to do the job right
be sure to talk to the experts at
AutoZone get in the zone AutoZone