woke up this morning craving the best
chicken shawarma in the world whose pump
for this if you guys are joining this
content don't forget to like this
content here also come bail come on be a
part of the notification let me show you
how easy it is to make the best homemade
chicken shawarma ever don't blink first
things first let's do our chicken thigh
so I got you teen pieces chicken thighs
here I'm just gonna chop off any excess
fat gonna look at this thigh here you
guys see that bone there we don't want
that bone so how we gonna take it out
take a good pairing sharp knife we're
gonna scrape all that good meat out of
its way
then we're gonna stab this right behind
the bone here you guys see what I'm
doing then I'm gonna push my knife
against this bone here while sawing once
you got that all nice and solid up
you'll be looking like this take your
blade and we're gonna scrape all that
good muck down try not to waste any good
meat on this bone here once you got that
nice and scraped down to that knuckle
ball in there nothing to it guys just
slice around it and it is a nice clean
bone nice deep own dark meat time to
marinate so let's do 16 to 18 pieces of
chicken thighs ebo 2 tbsp of olive oil 1
tablespoon of salt quarter teaspoon of
allspice quarter teaspoon of cumin 1/2
tablespoon of onion powder 1 tablespoon
of paprika or a little more quarter
teaspoon of oregano 1/2 a teaspoon of
white pepper quarter teaspoon of black
pepper half a teaspoon of turmeric and
my twist and take on it guys don't don't
freak out all right I'm gonna do 1
tablespoon of honey lastly take your
beautiful clean glove and get her head
into it or your beautiful clean hand
make sure you get into every single
crack of this don't leave any crack left
though once you got this nice and mixed
in I'm just gonna let this sit for 1
hour in the fridge our pita bread so 1
cup of warm water 1 tablespoon actuaiiy
feed this beautiful yeast 1 tablespoon
of sugar 2 minutes in yeast has been
activated you see all that nice
beautiful foam there that's the
activation
2 cups flour go ahead
I forgot the olive oil so one tablespoon
of olive oil going in get right into it
guys all we're looking for come on
everybody together is a nice soft dough
always look for a nice soft dough we're
making PITA guys come on we all know
this remember that nice and rolled out
cover this poof for 40 minutes the best
chopped salad you guys are popping your
mouth I promise you so one cup of olive
oil
tablespoon of salt a tablespoon of
pepper one teaspoon of dry thyme 1 TSP
of dry oregano 1 teaspoon of dry basil
one squeezed lemon mix that in first
thing that goes in one key combo so
we're just gonna chop this down have
this just roughly chopped the guys don't
have to be perfect
into the pool cherry tomatoes some red
peppers yellow peppers for just
[Applause]
everyone is going into the pool lastly
we've got some coleslaw mix so I'm just
gonna throw this in go just one whole
bag take it beautiful clean hand get
right into the guys mix that all in this
is the best chopped salad you guys would
ever pop in your mouth I promise you
don't believe me give it a try guys
totally forgot one can or one cup of all
this god I had all of this you gotta
have all of the new salads let's make
our sweet garlic mayonnaise so I got a
clove of garlic to 1 tablespoon of olive
oil there garlic cook down my bowl here
a cup of mayonnaise tablespoon of sugar
and we go in with one tablespoon white
vinegar your sweet garlic mayo for your
shawarma next dough has risen all abuse
no flour on the counter take your dough
sprouter scoop that beautiful dough out
haters will always hate on this part all
we're gonna do cry chop this in the six
ounce of all another successful child
weight out six ounces all we got to do
roll this into a nice little ball once
you got your ball get some flour in your
palm of your hand
flatten it flatten it and see what I'm
doing with the edges it's just going
around it going around it until you
spread itself nice and even
flip this over do the same thing you got
that all nice and rolled out I've got
one tablespoon of olive oil to the pan
here flatten dough or our pita don't ah
yes I'm gonna cook this Oregon a pan fry
this for about two to three minutes on
each side two minutes up flip it
the last piece coming out I'm gonna do
now take another piece of towel let that
rest for the time being I got my oven
preheated at 420 I'm gonna toss this in
for about 25 to 30 minutes guys 20
minutes in I'm gonna shift the heat to a
boil I'm doing this is because I want to
mimic the spit rod do you know how the
spit rod is just a direct heat I want
that direct heat on a broiled to kind of
crisp up the top there
have the honey and the fabulous skin
there so it's gonna crisps up really
well it's gonna be kind of like a
caramelized crispy fatty goodness you
know what I'm talking about
if you guys don't just watch right just
watch me for a chicken to cook I got
some fries here steak fries here so I'm
just gonna pop them in a bowl pull them
out of the pool this cut right here guys
is a steak cut fry since it's called
fake cut fries you up the price by $10
that's how they get you guys 20 minutes
up switch my oven to a boil and we're
gonna crisp this up we're gonna keep an
eye a very close eye on this because we
don't want to burn we just want it nice
and charred we're gonna take a peek and
this is the perfect char mist that I
like guys you guys can't keep it more in
there but this right here it's just
perfect
all right nothing to it now we're gonna
gently carry this over here look at that
so beautiful
I got butts Bowl here which I'm just
gonna dump everything in there don't
waste any of that goodness next nothing
to it now look at that chart yes it's
just like the split rod or the heat spit
radhiya you guys always see I'm chicken
shawarma nice bite-sized parts you got
to leave the skin in there too guys cuz
that's flavor anyone that says not
flavor
[Music]
[Music]
the best chicken shawarma just made at
Juan's house shout out to Truckee
shoutout to Lebanon you guys make good
back Wong's house we make it better we
make it better here we shout out to
Germany I heard Germany is the known
place to make chicken for help me if I'm
wrong [ __ ] let's do this chicken
shawarma setup so we got our fresh bread
down darling meal do this I want to
throw in set the cheese cuz I feel like
feta cheese will work very well in this
it was my twist and picnic don't come at
me with that guys shawarma or chicken
shawarma
do that
[Music]
our salad
[Music]
gonna come at me and say this is not
gonna be good at hurry guys cuz you know
you know what's gonna be really good I
might have to throw some hands why don't
you guys say it's not good I just might
have to this is pickled turnips you're
telling me this is not good come on come
at me I'm gonna throw some hands if you
guys see if it's not good we got a plate
first
[Music]
all right bring you guys over here we're
gonna drop our expensive fries because
they are steak fries
throw it over here
[Music]
lastly just to make it more gourmet just
throw some green honey guys yes no its
core mean she can try and it was just
chicken shawarma now it's gourmet
chicken shawarma this is what I crave
this morning and this one I had to have
chicken shawarma with the expensive
fries when he gets coming by there's
five here I'm only eating one double
let's get into this chicken shawarma my
twist my take on it I'm telling you guys
Lebanese and Turkish food is the most
amazing astir
just grab one here this cost you guys
over this side is that beautiful Greece
is on this side
I think the first bite is chicken
shawarma yes got it nice I'm super
pumped for this
what are you guys doing come and make
your way here just the most amazing this
thing ever it's greasy that's the
perfect amount of grease that you want
it's a fresh salad on this just like
leave this beautiful masterpiece share
is that even a word lively you know what
it is now that sweet tangy sauce on this
it's just amazing
I gotta find a Turkish or is having
these wife can I do that guys or is it
Haram I thought this will be more
piccoli but is more salty than bullying
there's the most amazingest thing ever
you guys don't believe me come through I
want you guys to make this tonight for
this weekend and tell me how good does
this just amazing mm-hmm nothing needs
homeand nothing be told me nothing hope
you guys enjoy this one don't forget to
subscribe you haven't also don't forget
to pick up one you're sure it's a food
and lots of beautiful things shirt like
share this are you up are you off kini
are you oh come on there's some chicken
out here for you come on up come on up
you little brat you're mine it's time to
get up
you're already our kitty why don't you
just come out here and say hi sometimes
did you lose time steal ah come on come
on come on come on just one lay here No
piss off