[Music]
so these are the things you'll need to
make mercury glass you'll need some
kryon looking gr glass spray some glass
containers make sure that whatever you
want to put inside fits you'll need
something to clean the glass with and
you'll need some paper towels for
blotting you'll also need a spray bottle
full of half vinegar and half water you
probably only need a half a cup of fluid
make sure you clean the glass thoroughly
you want to make sure there's no specks
of dust Grime or dirt on the glass
before you start that's the um spray
bottle with half vinegar half water I
think I only used a half a cup you want
to clear the area make sure that you're
spraying and doing this project in a
well ventilated area and you also want
to do it um on a surface that you don't
mind if some paint gets on the surface
you have to shake the kryon spray quite
a bit to get it ready and I first
sprayed the glass with um the vinegar
water solution to create little beads on
the glass if it starts to run too much
you can always blot it with a paper
towel then you spray with the cry Pon
spray until you have a good coating and
you blot any excess now you want to make
sure that you don't wipe off the paint
you just want to blot it gently and be
careful because you can also create a
pattern of the paper towel onto the
glass if you're not careful it actually
helps to kind of wet down your paper
towel a bit to make sure that everything
comes out nice and smooth and basically
what you'll do is you'll go through a
process of spraying with the vinegar
water solution then spraying with the
kryon then blotting with the wet towel
let the piece of glasswar that you're
working on dry for a few minutes maybe 3
or 4 minutes and then you're going to go
through the whole process again and
you'll do this a few times I did our
glass containers four times but it just
depends on how um transparent you want
the glass to be the fewer layers that
you put on the more transparent the
glass will be now in this example I
decided to also try to paint the inside
of the glass I wanted to get a look at
what was the difference between the
outside and the inside if I painted one
or the other and I'll show you some
final photos at the end so you can see
the difference now there are pros and
cons to each if you spray inside the
glass you're going to get a very smooth
outer finish the only challenge is is
that if you ever plan to put flowers in
water inside of this container you're
going to need to put another vase inside
you also don't wouldn't want to store
any kind of food item or anything that
somebody might be eating because some of
the paint could rub off onto that food
item so again it's just something to
think about um personally I like the way
the glass looks better when you spray
the outside so here you can see the
difference the inside on the right the
outside on the left and these were the
primary things that you needed to create
this really fun craft
[Music]