hi guys this is Lisa here with me so
making it welcome to my kitchen today
we're gonna be making an ambrosia cream
so here you see that I have some ruby
red grapefruit that I've cut in half and
I made sure to cut them horizontal I was
cleaning out my refrigerator and these
look like they were almost ready to go
because they're really old I've had them
for over a month maybe two months but I
looked inside them and you see they're
still juicy even though the outside
looks rough inside they're still juicy
and quite good so I thought I would just
make ambrosia cream I just thought about
making the video now so I've already
gotten started but let me show you what
I did I have a grapefruit knife here
which makes does a good job at getting
out those grapefruit sections and I go
right down beside the white line in the
sections of the grapefruit and I just
cut right down to get the sections out
as I said I cut it horizontally not
vertically so that I can pop those
sections out quite easily so after
cutting down beside each white line I
just use this knife to go in and pop
that section out you see I've already
done that with all the others gonna do
this with this last one and now I'm
finished so this has been sitting here a
minute but I finished all the grapefruit
sections and I got them in here I have
juice and oil and you can see there is
quite a bit of juice that did come from
the grapefruit it's got to keep all of
the juice in all of the sections here I
have I think it's about our 12 or 14
ounce can of mandarin oranges I'm going
to just use the oranges orange sections
and the juice
I have here a 10 ounce jar of maraschino
cherries and I'm going to use the entire
jar I'm going to keep the juice at all
now if some of these ingredients you
like more than others or something you
don't like it all you can pick and
choose you don't have to use them here I
have a cup of shredded coconut I'm gonna
get that in if you like more coconut put
more coconut in if you don't like
coconut at all you can leave this out
I'm gonna mix this up before I get my
marshmallows in okay now my marshmallows
have been sitting out a long long time
it's kind of warm in here so they began
to just kind of stick together a little
bit not to worry
don't have to throw them away I'm just
gonna pull them apart and get them in
this mixture and once they're in the
mixture they'll come apart anyway so I
just gotta separating them you won't
have to do this yours won't be born and
you could just get them in I needed a
bigger bowl yeah I couldn't mix that in
that other small container so I got a
bigger bowl and here I have some whipped
cream and this is a 16-ounce container
but I'm gonna only use about half of
this I'm using 8 ounces of whipped cream
get this into the bowl and I'm gonna
just mix this up stir it I want to mix
it really well because now I want
everything to incorporate giving us a
juicy and creamy consistency I'm gonna
go ahead and get this into a bowl
here you see that I have put chopped
pecans on top of my embroidered cream
and I did not add the pecans to the main
serving bowl because after a few hours
that becomes will become soft and that's
okay but I like mine crunchy so you put
yours in whatever you decide to
depending on what you like as an end
result now is a good time for me to
thank you for watching my video and if
you like this video give it a thumbs up
come back I'm always cooking something
bye bye