I am going to show you how to clean mold
off any surface even if it's not a house
plant now the solution has been tested
on black mold from scientists and it
works as well on black mold any type of
mold you can clean but make sure to
always wear gloves when cleaning mold
and always wash your hands afterwards
never inhale it anyways you want to add
about 1/4 mildly hot water and if you
want it the solution the stick you want
to add about half of what I took off of
the Ivory soap you can add about 3/4
liquid of Ivory soap if you don't want
to use the bar soap to the solution
water and as well as a teaspoon of
baking soda you want to mix all of it
kind of not really hard but kind of mix
it around wait a few minutes for the if
you got bar soap for it to dissolve in
the water afterwards you want to take a
spoon kind of dig the mold out of the
plant any moldy spots and you want to go
to the store afterwards to get more soil
if you wish to cover up the spots that
you took out you don't want to get
garden soil from your own garden because
you don't know really what's in it at
least the soil from the store is
inexpensive as well as clean and
afterwards you kind of want to spray the
solution on the leaves and wipe the
leaves down after spraying the solution
with a rag now see there's how you know
that your that your plant needs the
solution is when it this is supposed to
be a green plant
there's discoloration there's brown
spots so something's going after my
plant but alright and that is that and
if you still see moldy spots in about a
week and a half spray the moldy spots
only the moldy spots with the solution
and if you don't really see any more new
spots wait a month and spray it again if
you do see them all these spots
otherwise if you don't then your plants
clear to go and clean and just keep an
eye on it
water every day and there you go all
right then
you for watching my video have a great
day