hey guys thanks for stopping in
I keep seeing all these ads on TV I see
all the food reviewers reviewing these
Burger King grilled hot dogs and I'm
thinking you know what I can make a
grilled hot dog in my toaster of in fact
that's my go-to way to heat a weenie
these things so let's get toasted to me
to make a good hot dog you have to buy a
pretty good quality hot dog there are
some hot dogs out there they're just
plain nasty in my opinion so what
happened to buy a package of these uh
Millers beef frankfurters I found these
at the grocery aisle at bargain market
for about six dollars and it cost about
twice that if you buy them at the
regular grocery store so these are good
quality ones and they're about twice the
size of a regular hot dog so these are
the dogs I'm going to be using it's not
really much to this I turned the oven
all the way up to 450 degrees on baked
I'm just going to take my dog lay it
right on the rack and these are pretty
good size dogs so I'm just cooking one
for myself
well my dog is cooking let me fix up a
bun here real quick just a mustard
relish guy and I'm usually with my
condiments I should just buy what's on
sale but I recently bought this this
Claussen pickle relish and I think I
kind of like it better than a lot of the
other brands you buy this in the
refrigerated section so it seems a
little fresher and it's cut and a little
bit bigger chunks and has real nice
flavor and crunch to it so kind of like
this one okay it's been about 10 minutes
- let me check on my dog here grab some
tongs
look at that look at the nice grill
marks you get on that from a toaster
oven
pretty cool huh see how nice this hotdog
turned out if you looked at it you would
think it came off a barbecue grill
that's pretty good tasting dog thanks
for watching you guys and I'll talk to
you next time