today we ask the age-old question will
it deep fry let's talk about
[Music]
that good mythical morning something
wonderful is happening all across the
United States of America in little towns
and big towns and cities in the plains
and the Hills near the beaches counties
in counties fairs are happening county
fairs state fairs now the North Carolina
State Fair that's what we are most
familiar with and the thing that we do
at the North Carolina State Fair and I
assume this is replicated throughout the
country we we deep fry some stuff every
year I go to the fair wondering what are
they going to deep fry this year that
they didn't deep fry last year I mean
it's been many years since they started
deep frying candy bars and now new since
then they've gotten really creative I'm
talking deep fried chocolate covered
bacon deep fried donut bacon
cheeseburgers deep fried butter and deep
fried Kool-Aid how is that even possible
the level of creativity that people are
exercising within the context of frying
things at state fairs is inspiring it
has inspired us to take it to the next
level we have an assortment of things
over here and we are going to answer the
question today on Good Mythical Morning
will
deep now I'm excited about the things
we're going to try uh R you're you're
the prepper so so go ahead and and uh
set up item number one here okay now
you've heard of refried beans but have
you heard of deep fried reff fried beans
why not fry them again well it's deep
fry how big you want your refried bean
ball to be about twice that big I think
we're going to are we going to share one
yeah this is for me did you wash your
hands before this of
course I got a nice ball of beans and
I'm going to go for the
flour I can already tell you that this
is this is this is a no-brainer and then
you also have batter yep and this is a a
special State Fair deep fry batter
technique oh yeah look at that you want
you want to cover it give it a nice
little home in the batter and then you
want to take it out of the home I got
the green light so we're ready to go
over here okay I'm just going to grab it
I guess just kind of there we go all
right here we go going down that
baby oh nice it's definitely frying
there's no doubt that this is a good
idea okay I think that the deep fried
refried bean ball is done yeah that's
what we call it Bean
ballsed refried beanballs look at that
though it's like a mushroom cap I'm
going to put it right here on the paper
towel a lot of beans leaking out of the
bottom of that bean
ball boy smells
good is it hot M let me good though take
a about of that nice little bean ball
it's hot man yeah go just be a man and
eat it man come on I don't want to burn
my I got a lot I got to try I don't want
to burn you're not going to burn
yourself not that
hot will it deep fry it will deep fry it
definitely will deep friy that's a
winner we just deep fried some refried
beans uh which might not be very healthy
and they have deep fried butter around
the country but what about just straight
up fat will it's deep fry no this is not
human F don't get alarmed this is beef
fat okay I didn't cut it off myself I
don't know why I would even say that
okay here we go you got to bring it all
the way over because of the the
drippage here we go fat went down into
the
pan it's going to Crispy Town over
here that could be the name of the place
Crispy Town hey they got deep fried fat
with a pH at Crispy Town I've always
wanted to work the stand fair is a big
star of the evening look at that right
there it smells good there you go hold
that in your hand and then hold it in
your
mouth why you make me try everything
first because I'm really sensitive to
heat and for fat you could just say I'm
really sensitive
period you know have to put a two hey
I'm doing all the heavy lifting over
here oh that one's hot let me bite that
one I got some
batter it's still it's still a little
rubbery e e still a little E I couldn't
could couldn't get through my teeth sunk
into it and they were just like
retreat so H will it deep
fry I don't think so okay um being from
the south we like to think that we're
the ones who came up with deep frying
and we're the ones who do it better than
anybody in the world and uh big part of
Southern eating is sweet tea drinking
and you put a little lemon in your sweet
tea but what if you show up at your next
cookout with deep fried lemons will it's
deep fry just uh you know just I don't
even have gloves on oh yeah look at that
right there step right up get yourself
your deep fried lemons available only at
Crispy Town and get yourself a IC cold
tea with a piping hot fried lemon
wedge now it's really starting to sizzle
when the lemon juice comes out oh I
think that's good that's a good sign
that's a pretty looking baby it smells
like lemon pie does it yeah no smell
that I don't smell it smells like lemon
pie man oh yeah smells like lemon pie
fried lemon pie at Crispy Town I'm I I
really want to feel this
lemon woo it's hot all right let's do
this crispy here let's let's time it
we both kissed it we both independently
kissed it part of the sales
pitch every every every lemon W
personally kissed by the fried daddies
all right let's just do
this oh
sh I told you man that's hot I like it
though it's too
hot it's an experience it's
experience
wow I lemon Juiced all over my pants you
got somebody enjoying the sweet tea and
they say her pick a bite out of that
lemon burn get some sweet tea in there
now will this fry absolutely I do want
to acknowledge the fact that while we
are from North Carolina we currently
live in Los Angeles and the people out
here think a little bit differently
about food and there is a little bit of
a health kick and just to accommodate
those people we thought why not fry
something that's genu gen generally
recognized as healthy genuinely so I got
some we weat grass well it deep
fry fry wheat grass coming right
up wo all right we got they're floating
they're dancing we got some dancing
wheat grass over here at what's it
called crispy Crispy Town Crispy Town
but this is only for the West Coast
locations in North Carolina they ain't
going to eat this they ain't having this
no no no all right here we
go did anybody say fried wheight
grass there uh there is not there's no
smoothie anywhere involved in this
process now these are look at that
boy there's um it smells kind of good
got to let her got oo got got to let her
cool down she's she's a little angry
with this right
now feel healthy taste healthy it smells
like maybe make your pee smell different
now I will say
the now I will say that it's kind of
good the grass itself is better it
really is better it tastes like
something not
asparagus that's not bad guys if you're
health conscious and you found yourself
in a Crispy Town this is this is the
ticket for you I'm going to go out on a
limb and I'm going to say will it deep
fry yes it deep fries you've heard of
fried chicken very popular dish but
which came first the fried chicken or
the fried egg and I'm not talking about
fried eggs in a pot I'm talking about ra
eggs well it's deep
fry
Hey here we go here we
go oh look at those look at those here
we go they're going down happy Easter
everybody Easter special we Easter came
early this year at the fry I keep want
to call it fry Town crisy Town crispy
with a no I was going to say a k but
that's already taken crispy with two e's
and then a e on the end of town
too I think they are done
woo crispy towns number one selling item
all right now this right here does it
feel liquid inside or does it feel a
little bit boiled maybe part like
half you ready take a you ready take a
pi a bite oh man no it's the the kiss is
too
hot lips are sensitive man my lips are
come on let's take a bite out of it man
dude what I what I don't want to happen
is I don't
want
hot boiling egg on my face it's the only
one way to find out let's bite into it
do a countdown three two
one oh that's
hot
oh oh the egg the yolk is still in
mine crunchy oh yeah the shells still on
it I totally
forgot I like e if you took the shell
off first and uh hard boil this thing
and then fried it that would that' be
Funtime breakfast right there Funtime
breakfast at Crispy Town all right but
but as is will this deep fry no okay
moving on too many food establishments
focus on the meal and they ignore the
postmeal not at Crispy Town deep fried
toothpaste will it deep
fry all right just flop those down in
there oh god
oh okay okay now I want I don't know how
much got in there how's that doing it's
totally disintegrating W the toothpaste
is going away the toothpaste is gone to
nothing I mean we can still put it on a
toothbrush I think you got to take it
out quick because I mean we still want
to be able to brush our teeth it's the
only thing at Crispy Town that's not
crispy is the toothpaste okay here we go
so get um get me a um you want to let
the toothpast toothbrush itself like
soak up the grease as opposed to using a
paper
towel okay okay this is genius you he
about Crispy Town this year they got
deep fried toothpaste and keep your
hygiene up man I think you just press it
right against your teeth smells like
fried
toothpaste it's
hot o is
hot your IQ was checked at the door
when beginning this exercise which is
appropriate oh gross and just like
regular toothpaste you don't actually
swallow weird will it deep fry yes now a
lot of food establishments just focus on
food not Crispy Town we want you to
leave with a something to take home and
show the kids sunglasses will hit deep
fry how you going to do this I'm going
to batter them up now uh just a word
from the lawyers don't try this at home
I don't recommend frying anything that's
nonedible and then try and eat it or
trying to fry something that's not
edible not eating it but then frying
something that is edible in the same
situation you shouldn't eat that
either there you oh don't don't put her
face down there we go fold them up fold
them up we'll unfold them when they're
fully fried all right y'all y'all ready
for this
[Music]
it some of it melted off Oh that's oh
yeah that's the
sunglasses uh you don't want to be
eating any oh my
goodness this right here we could sell
this you going to Dawn those this be a
great way to go blind okay here we go it
has a great sensation right on the
bridge of my nose maybe I should you
know what that's the part of the fun you
just you
let me help you just
peel oh yeah oh my goodness that thing
is bugged out problem is oh gosh oh the
lens melted a little bit here we go so
here you go ahead and pull all this off
okay yeah look at that we're getting
there I can see a little bit out of that
how do I look you look pretty cool man
will it deep fry
no okay there you have it what was your
favorite item um wheat grass was a big
surprise Fri um I think that the deep
fried lemon wedges is definitely worth a
try altering the eggs I think could
could deep fry but obviously not the way
we did it either way we will see you at
a Crispy Town near you you come to us
when we come to you yeah at a fair near
you Thanks for liking and commenting on
this video you know what time it is hi
I'm Kayla and I'm at the champagne
Valley Fair in Vermont and it's time to
spin the wheel of mythicality if you
enjoyed will of deep fry you enjoy some
of our other will it episodes like will
it taco or will it ice cream sandwich
click through the Good Mythical Mora
where we're going to try a few more deep
fry experiments including the fry phone
can you deep fry an iPhone we'll find
out uh Chili Willie some other things
both in a fight club but neither one can
talk about it hey man I uh what's with
the goggles I went to well what I wear
to the thing that I go to every Thursday
oh oh you got a thing you go to no
nothing nothing I got a thing I go to we
wear hairs too yeah what oh no no no we
come quick was a cooking thing well I
mean not really it's more like we punch
each other but right you punch each
other well a little bit but you're not
supposed to know that forget you heard I
didn't know that and I didn't see you
there
oh there's a smell to that there's a
smell to it should we aort no I didn't
say it was bad