we are applying a decorative finish to a
garage floor your first step to applying
a decorative finish is to etch the
garage floor with the etching solution
and then wash the solution with a
pressure washer or with a water hose you
want to take plastic in plastic off any
interior drywall to protect it you
return the following day after you have
allowed 24 hours to dry and you apply
two coats of the epoxy when you apply
your second coat you're going to work in
a two by four section so that you can
reach over top of that section and apply
the color flakes while that area is
still wet after you've applied your
second coat and all your call your color
flakes are down you allow that to dry
overnight and on your third day you're
going to apply your clear epoxy sealer
you can see from the picture here we got
a heavy color flake on the left and a
lighter pattern on the right okay
your third day you're going to apply
your clear epoxy sealer you can see that
going down you want to backroll make
sure everything goes on very uniform and
after you've applied your sealer you're
going to wait 24 hours for any light
traffic or foot traffic and you need to
wait 72 hours for heavy traffic or any
vehicles as far as colors you have 40
base colors to choose from and you have
six different color flake patterns to
choose from please call us if we can
help you beautify your garage