[Music]
hello my name is Peter parit welcome to
the new Brit Workshop we're outside
today and we're going to put a new roof
on my garden shed now I've had this shed
for 26 years and it has the original
roof on it right now and I chose a
product in
1987 called oneline and that has lasted
through two hurricanes and some pretty
nasty weather over the last quarter
Century so it's time to replace it and
because it was so good before I'm going
to use the same product again now
oneline is a corrugated bamus material
it comes in sheets which are 2 m long by
95 CM wide comes in four different
colors I've chosen green but it also
comes in black red and
brown and in order to finish it off at
the roof you buy these additional
Roofing pieces which are a little bit
bendy so that you can shape them to the
exact angle of the top of your roof now
oneline is very durable uh my shed roof
lasted nearly 26 years and it's
certainly a lot better than felt felt
you'll be lucky uh to have it lasting 5
years and it's also very messy when you
come to repair it or replace it oneline
simple to do and it can be used even
straight on top of an old felt roof you
don't need to do anything in preparation
you just put it straight on on top as
long as it's fixed properly no problems
whatsoever now oneline is terribly easy
to cut just measure it Mark it I just
mark it at each of the Peaks and then
use a coarse saw uh to cut it now bear
in mind because it's a bitman product
you will get a little bit of bamus uh s
bits that drop down and you need to take
care not to get those on your
shoes well I hope you're able to see
this sheet which I've taken off already
and you can see it's pretty much intact
there's not a lot wrong with it at all
and do you know what this whole roof was
not letting in any water even after a
storm we had about 2 weeks ago so it's
done pretty well but it is getting a
little bit Tatty now and so it is the
right time to change it now you don't
need a vast supply of tools to do a job
like this I'm going to be using a hammer
these mini bolt cutters I've done a
little uh video review of those already
they're so
good I've got safety glasses pair of
gloves I will be using a screwdriver
when we come to fix the new stuff on and
I've downloaded from the internet the
oneline fixing instructions it's on
their website it's dead easy to follow
now the most common form of fixing for
oneline and Nails uh like these and
these come with a plastic cap and you
can Hammer straight down onto the
plastic cap and this then forms a nice
waterproof seal when it goes into uh the
on line and through to your
pearlin but because my pearlins are now
a little bit delicate because the shed
is pretty old I'm going to be using
screws and these screws uh are very easy
to put in they've got a waterproof
washer at the top so it makes a nice
seal again with the andrine and uh there
available in packs of 100 like this and
it all comes with the Uline and they're
not much more expensive than the nails
the one thing you have to remember when
you're using screws or Nails is that you
don't put them in too far and distort
the shape of the
oneline now every now and again you get
one of these nails which just won't come
out with a hammer and so that's why I've
got the gdor mini bolt cutters and all
you need to do is to peel back like so
get the bolt cutters in and Away you go
job
done and there's the old bit
there well it took just over half a day
to take all of the old shooting off it
wasn't really difficult at all and it's
in the trailer ready to go to the dump
the oneline instructions are really
really thorough about how to go about
putting on the new
onine and you should always start by
knowing which direction the prevailing
wind is coming from
because that makes a difference how you
lay the
sheeting and what you do is you start
from the point on your shed which is the
furthest away from the prevailing wind
and you start with the lowest sheets and
then you would lay six 7 8 9 and
10 on the upper layer followed by the
ridge pieces along the
top now in my case it's not quite so
easy to do it in that order and the
reason is getting getting access to put
the screws in so I'm going to still
follow the principle that oneline lay
out in their instructions but I'm going
to do it in a slightly different way
I've still got the wind direction from
the same place and now I'm going to put
the lower far sheet in number one and
then the one which is above it number
two then I put the ridge piece on then I
go down and put the next lowest sheet
sheet on tucking it under the upper one
that I've already laid and I then follow
this process working along and this way
I can get at all of the sheets to put
the screws in it's very important to
carefully position the first sheet uh
because then that will have a uh an
effect on the subsequent sheets so uh
take your time and uh then get it right
and then use a straight edge to Mark the
positions uh for the various screws or
nails and and I've got an ordinary
pencil and that makes just enough of a
Mark that you can see it just reflecting
in in the light and uh that gives you
just enough indication and it won't ruin
the look of your roof uh when it's
done and remember that uh these bottom
ones will have a screw at every single
uh High Point uh the intermediate ones
will have a screw every other high point
and the top will have a screw at every
High Point and if there's a join between
two sheets one above the other uh then
at that join you would have a screw at
every High Point
simple now you have to take care when
laying up these sheets remember that the
weather is coming from this Direction
that's why we've started up The Far Side
and we always lay the lower ones first
and then the upper One's On Top now when
it comes to putting this one in I slid
it in underneath that one there and this
next one which is going there will go on
top of there and of course
here and I'll tuck it in underneath the
ridge piece at the
top
it's in position I'm just checking that
it's lining up with the previous one
here that's it spot on now I'm using
screws rather than nail Nails because
with nails you have to support the
underside of the pearlin when you're
hammering them in and also you have the
add Advantage with screws that should
you put a sheet not quite in the right
place you can undo the screws move the
sheet and put the screws back in again
with no fuss at
all now these oneline screws have a
drill point and that means that they'll
go into very hard materials make a drill
hole and then they will self-tap
themselves into a steel and aluminium
and other types of hard material
obviously with my wood there's no
problem at all they're going in very
easily now remember uh when you're at
the bottom layer of screws uh or nails
that you put a screw or nail at every
high point along the bottom then as you
work up the sheet it's a screw or nail
every other High Point at a join between
two sheets uh you put a screw at every
High Point and then at the very top
where you have the ridge piece you put a
screw in at every High Point and that
screw goes through the ridge piece
through the top sheet and then into the
pein now when you get to the end and
you've got the fascia board there uh I
make sure that the final sheet is just
sitting over uh the facia board the
facial board I've got tucked up quite
high so it's uh supporting the underside
of the sheet uh and then I've put to
screw in uh through the sheet into the
edge of the facial
board I'm rather proud of this I think
this is looking really really good I'm
really glad I've done it absolutely
super stuff what a nice
job well that's it it's taken just over
2 and 1 half days to do this and that
included taking the old stuff to the
dump now I've been using oneline for
years I've used it on every new
I've made I've used it when I've
repaired old sheds with felt roofs it is
brilliant and I'm sure this new roof is
going to last another quarter Century
thanks very much for watching
[Music]
[Music]
bye-bye