today it's gene with garage Kings here
I'm going to show you another metallic
floor what I'm about to do is put a slip
coat on top of this primed silver
metallic floor a lot of people go with a
black prime coat which I use do a lot as
well now I've kind of started varying it
up a little bit and putting different
prime coats down we also put our logo
down in the middle when I spread my
material onto the floor I like to even
it out as humanly possible either in
ribbons across the floor I don't
typically do a straight line across the
floor unless we're doing extremely large
areas as you can see this is about 300
square feet that's pretty much the
perfect size for a metallic floor if
you're doing like a marbling effect
where you got multiple colors and I like
to work in sections like that if you're
doing super huge areas then sticking to
one color is usually a good idea the
largest slip coat and marbled effect
I've ever done is about six thousand
square feet we're actually putting on at
30 square feet of gallon that was a long
six hours to do 6000 square feet
basically so it could have done that in
like a third the time if it was just one
color so right now I'm just focused on
getting the material all spread out and
you can see that I have my magic trowel
blade side down once I have all the
material spread out then I'll switch my
my blade to the other way as a lot of
people that know me know I like to do a
lot of times put a slip coat down first
or you're putting wet on wet to do a lot
of my effects now it depends on the
situation and that sort of thing there's
unlimited variations on how to do a
floor there's never a right way as long
as you get the result that you're
looking for but this is a typical
technique that I like to do a lot of the
times
so at this point in time I'm not too
concerned about getting it completely
even because there's going to be more
colors going on top a lot of the times
when I do a slip coat and then a second
usually it's just usually a second color
this time I think there's three other
colors going on top we're actually at
the head office of power coat here doing
a demonstration on some of our metallics
this is the first time that we met them
we're using their products in this video
actually don't check them edges making
sure the whole floor is wet I'm not too
concerned about a little bit of heavier
spots again my main focus is just making
sure that the whole floor has some epoxy
on it
one thing when you're working with logos
you're going to really make sure that
you don't step on it with your spiked
shoes so you don't puncture it that logo
isn't perforated typically though what I
am doing floors I like to have
perforated logos because one it gives
you the ability for the epoxy or your
sealer to get underneath of the logo and
stop it from ever lifting this is just a
test area and so that's why that one
isn't perforated because if you don't
perforate it you're relying on the glue
on the back of that sticker to be held
down and if anything heavy hits it it
could pop it so when I see huge logos
online that aren't perforated it's just
to me it's a ticking time bomb it's just
inevitable before the day comes that
they're going to have a mess on their
hands so as you can see there are areas
where it is pooled and that's okay
and now all I'm doing is taking my other
colors and just randomly adding it to
the floor
as a lot of you know I like to figure
out ways to make things look complicated
that are easy to pull off so there's no
rhyme or reason to this I'm just
spreading it out kind of dumping it in a
way that it's somewhat even and random
so that no your lines are the same one
big thing you want to make sure is that
you hide your method of application so
when you do a floor you don't want
people to see how you actually what tool
is used or kind of how you did it so if
all your ribbons when you're pouring out
of the floor the same size and that then
you're going to have very distinctive
you could have very distinctive lines
and you don't want to say oh he poured
it right there you don't want that to
happen that's that's one of the main
reasons I like to do a slip coat instead
of just pouring all those colors at the
same time on the floor so now it's as
simple as I'm starting at one end of the
room I'm flipping my magic trial upside
down and starting at 1/2 the room and
working my way to the next
just making sure that the whole floor is
covered evenly and then I don't have any
spots that really show the drop marks on
where it landed
so just slowly float my material across
the floor
a great thing I like about a bunch of
travelers is like a notch squeegee on
the main coat is you can really control
the depth and how it looks
so you know I'm working my way from one
room to the other there is some
randomness involved just so that you
don't have it too patterned out
so you can see that first half house
it's starting to look really beautiful
again the nice thing with that silver
bottom coat is it's really accenting the
colors that are on top if that was a
black prime coat it would look totally
different
this is a really nice epoxy to work with
I really enjoyed working with it and
we've actually started using the power
coat products
so once I get to the end then it's just
about double-checking to make sure that
there's nothing wrong here I'm showing
an example to the guys where if you do
have a mark like a windshield wiper mark
where you accidentally hit the floor too
hard you need to start at the edges to
fix that so like right there where I hit
the floor if you want to fix that you
got to come from the side you can't
start in the middle you have to start
from the side and then pull it to fix it
or else you're gonna get that windshield
wiper mark so just like that you have
yourself a really really nice floor it
looks really nice I really enjoy doing
this floor and now you're going to see
some pictures of it after it cured out
so there you go that's the one of my
latest floors I hope you enjoyed this
video please leave a comment below if
you have any questions don't hesitate to
call us here we are with the power cope
guys thanks again for a wonderful time