I like pourover because it creates a
nice clean cup of coffee right you get
all those beautiful flavors in a subtle
and very approachable
way so the first step of a good pourover
is you're going to pre-wet your filter
just to kind of get everything a little
bit warm and uh and and get some of that
paper taste out the most important thing
is remember you got to get rid of that
water before you start to brew your
coffee then you're going to put in your
freshly ground coffee and your grind
should be a cone grind and it should
resemble granulated sugar so what we
recommend for proportion for a pourover
cone is 2 tablespoons for every 6 oz of
water so when you start your pour for
the pourover you're going to want to
make sure your water is nice and hot
just off the boil you're going to pour
in just a little bit of water to let the
coffee Bloom and that's going to let the
coffee hydrate and get it ready to
extract and then you pour and that's the
greatest part of pourover you do these
nice even circles and you get to fill it
up and it's very rhythmic and you wait
for the goodness
the pourover method just produces such a
beautiful cup of coffee uh that's not
too heavy but not too light it's just
it's just so perfect
[Music]