hey guys welcome back so today we're
going to be changing the toilet seat on
this toilet so if you don't want to
watch a video of me changing the toilet
seat you can click one of one of my
other videos so this is one of those
lids that is the soft closed lids and it
has broken off actually in both places
top lid here kind of broke off over
there and the bottom all fill apart over
there so which is connected over here so
in any case it's all destroyed and not
working anymore so but we love the soft
clothes so we went ahead and got another
one that's also soft close by a company
called tech boom tech pro tick well I
guess we could say tech poop but I guess
they do
toilet stuff and home improvements and
tools and stuff so any case let's open
this thing up and see so it looks like
it's packed very nicely in here this
thing's even bubble wrapped alright guys
somehow my camera turned off and I'm
basically unpacked this thing and it
looks really good overall it's got a
nice little shine to it and the seat is
definitely a little bit more concave
than ours but seems like a pretty good
quality overall there so it's all
plastic basically you see the hardware
here so you do have like two little
rubber pieces here and the little bolts
here with the tightening nut and that's
cool that they have actually metal bolts
hopefully they're stainless steel they
probably are there should be and here's
a warranty card just in case you want a
warranty on your toilet seat alright so
the first thing to do is we need to take
off the old seat there and usually what
they have is it seemed that you'll find
in there you guys can see there's a
little screw nut right here all right so
we got some pliers and now we're going
to add twist this baby off
started it there we go it was a little
tight but now that I went it's going
pretty in pretty easy not as out so
technically this okay so this piece is
loose completely this piece should come
out yep there goes so clean that up a
little bit now we can actually take this
off because this is pretty much doesn't
do you think either so now we just have
to take this one out and that's it so
it's actually a lot more simpler than I
thought
also guys if you need to go to the top
you might have this option to where the
lid pops open and you can get it here
from the top so so that's the case you
know this might be even easier if that's
what you wanna do and there we go fill
right out so easy peasy japanesey so on
the new toilet seat here we have the
same little colors that pop open and
that's what we're gonna put our next
these guys right here so it looks like
they're kind of like a little bit
adjustable here and there and just for
the sake of you know making sure it fit
that everything alright let's see how
this thing looks well it seems to fit I
think so there's a couple kind guys
there's the kind where they're kind of
long like this and then the one of the
smaller ones are more round so that's
the most two common usual ones all right
so it looks like this thing is gonna
fight with me a little bit in cuz it has
that soft cloth so it's kind of being
tight for a little bit so yeah all you
got to do now is just put this to the
runner like this and then we'll put this
washer nut on the bottom of it and we
can either screw it with this or we
could just pull it from the top and
maybe hold this on the bottom of Hansel
whatever is easier for you and all
righty let's see if we can start this
first one
just kind of tighten it up here from the
bottom and then finish it up on top the
screwdriver but you don't want to make
this tight yet because you want to make
sure the seat is all the way like it's
exactly where you wanted I guess we'll
just say before you tighten it all up
still start the one up so I'm gonna go
start the other one same thing here guys
so get it just where it starts getting
tightened a little bit so this is kind
of like what they look like I think
they're supposed to be exactly the same
where they are these are pointy there
might be a little bit off here so we're
both pointing up like this so that
should be about the same so go ahead and
lift that no that looks really good so
we need to kind of check on the edges
here and to the front here especially
because we don't want it to like stick
out too much it well maybe we do a
little bit because you know it's easier
to grab it then it's definitely got a
soft close so I'm gonna go probably like
just halfway in between so about right
there make sure my sides are exactly the
same all right I think I'm pretty happy
with that so the next time you gonna do
I'm just gonna tighten these alright
guys so once you get it to where you
want it and you tighten those pretty
hard and then you can just close the
lids here and you're done and your
toilet seat is ready to use so we have a
little branding logo right there if you
can see that I'm not sure that's the way
the little toilet seat looks alright
guys so after cleaning up some of the
mess I made over here I realized we
forgot to put in a couple pieces and I'm
pretty sure they go under there and
they're the ones that make it where it
doesn't slide so we need to put these
one in so I'm gonna have to take this
apart real quick which is not hard at
all I'm gonna do that and then I'll show
you guys alright so the lid is loose and
now we can see okay yeah they do go in
there here always they were to put him
in here so you wouldn't have to do it
yourself but anyways guys if you got
something like this on your toilet seat
make sure you don't forget to put these
in so that makes sense because this
actually one keeps it from sliding side
to side because you know you're gonna
put a lot of stress on these bolts here
and all plastic pieces without this
alright so now you gotta go in reverse
order and be back alright guys so we're
back to where we were last time and
we're good to go so now we got a very
very stable secret for sure so let's see
how this soft-close works so we should
just drop it
yeah it's super slow maybe it's a little
too soft it'll be nicer if we would kind
of went down more and did soft clothes
but what I want swing so let's say if I
wanted to you know force it fast okay it
still goes fast that's pretty cool
alright so if you pick up a little bit
it'll still slam unfortunately you have
to pick it up more - that's a decent
mechanism so if you did this and drop
that you would hit it unfortunately so
it's not the perfect soft but it should
be fine unless you accidentally drop it
yeah they're very very slow
see if I force it close especially
awesome so yeah guys there it is that's
how you change a lid on a toilet so I've
never done it before this is my first
time it was definitely easier than I
thought it would be so if you want to
change the lid of your toilet to a soft
clothes or maybe just because it's old
or broken like ours was then you know
probably do it yourself pretty easily
and if you want to get the toys sit just
like I got here then check out the links
in the description and if you enjoyed
this video guys and it was helpful then
hit that like button and if you want to
see more videos probably not like this
but I do like mostly reviews of things
and you're interested in that then hit
that subscribe button and as always guys
thanks for watching and I'll see you on
the next one peace