many types of indoor plants have
tropical origins and are adapted to
humid environments in North America
particularly in the beginning of winter
home interiors are often dry spraying
water on plants leaves increases the
humidity around them reduces the risk of
lights and even removes dust from the
leaves your plants will breathe better
and will let you know it by being less
sure and looking healthier to spray your
plants use a hand sprayer with an
adjustable nozzle ideally let the water
rest for 24 hours so that it will be at
room temperature and evaporate the
chlorine this will allow limestone to
collect at the bottom of the bottle
preventing rings from forming on the
leaves it is difficult to spray the
plant without getting the floor walls
and furniture wax using a spray catcher
will save you from having to wipe up
afterwards the spray catcher also lets
you collect the water to reuse on the
plant even if your plants belong to a
larger tropical plant family they may
come from anywhere in the world and no
universal rule can be applied to all of
them learn about their unique needs and
adapt their maintenance
you