FDA approves device that stops gunshot
bleeding in 15 seconds
the United States Food and Drug
Administration has approved the civilian
use of this device that can be used to
stop major hemorrhaging the xstat rapid
hemostasis system was approved for use
by the military last year but now the
innovative wound dressing device can be
used by the general public
X stat 30 is a syringe filled with tiny
expandable sponges that work to fill a
wound and stop hemorrhaging in 15
seconds there are 92 sponges in each
syringe but the number of sponges needed
to stop bleeding varies depending on the
wound three syringes can be used per
patient using an X stat gives the
patient four hours to seek professional
medical attention sponges have radio
plaque markers so an x-ray can pick up
any sponges to help in the process of
extraction according to the US Army
Institute of surgical research 30 to 40
percent of civilian deaths by traumatic
injury are the result of hemorrhaging X
stat is for areas of the body where it
is difficult to use a tourniquet