okay so we're a private social tonight
now with rocky milano next month rocky
you're going to New Orleans understand
for a kind of mixology Olympics yeah
well tells the cocktails the largest
convention that we throw that in the
cocktail world every single year if you
can imagine 20,000 guys who do this egg
girls who do this not only
professionally but out of a passion and
a love for what they do all getting
together in New Orleans five days
texture tastings lectures competitions
unveilings an absolute blast it's a it
really is kind of the hot one of
highlights of the cocktail year when
they fiddle those guys in the in the
idiot in the Superdome it's it's a
little bit here a little bit there I
think some people are out on the river
boats it really just it completely
envelops the French Quarter and it's one
of those things for people who've been
I can say you haven't really done to
orland since we've done tales because
you have a city known for its parties
it's drinking it's his festivities and
then you have all these people who do
this professionally you have you can
walk through your hotel lobby and find
people drinking absinthe swinging it out
of the bottle at four in the morning and
this is going on for five days salad all
over the city so it's wild it's fun it's
interesting great people the bar
industry really doesn't have some some
amazing personalities in there and just
it's a chance for everyone to get
together so what each other is doing and
grow the industry to get is it open to
the public absolutely I'm booking my
ticket right now please do please do
there's some phenomenal events that that
are free there are some things that are
pay for the tasting room to get
wristbands for it's a it's just an
absolute blast if you want to actually
tell the lectures and actually get some
knowledge on some just random stuff I
intended classes such as you know
history the jewel cocktails below the
equator what would Aristotle drink was a
phenomenal round table discussion on is
there such a thing as the quintessential
cocktail what the essence of a cocktail
is is there a cocktail found in nature
kind of geeky and you don't have to do
anything like kind of that crazy but
it's a lot of sounds great fun so
tonight show us what it's all about make
something for us and if it's something
that people can make it home that will
be even better excellent what we're
going to do I'm a firm believer I pour
the best
amaretto Stone Sour out there what we're
going to do is I'm going to show you and
walk you through how I do it here at
private social so we have our tin here
got everything kind of set up now this
one has ice in it but I'm not actually
going to pour directly into that you
don't pour into your ice until the very
end so i have my jigar very very
important to measure as you dig back
through classic folks one of the things
including time and time again measure
measure measure measure so many people
just try to wing it or they want a
strong drink and you really destroy the
culinary experience that you can't have
in this cocktail if I'm doing something
like that you intentionally unbalance
the drain completely the wrong way to go
for the guest experience so we're start
a little bit of sugar this is a
three-quarter ounce [ __ ] we've hit up
a little bit of our simple syrup with
one to one ratio is this freshly
squeezed orange juice here private
social we like to juice fresh every day
now tell me that is not vibrant
beautiful orange talents want to do so
juice that would orange juice that will
be well Florida oranges yes they said I
did one and a half of that and it can
when you the difference between fresh
and store bought my commission
this is freshly squeezed lemon juice
we're just going to do this one time now
flip it over this is now one and a half
we're going to hit it with our disaronno
do you like mild lemons likes a mile
lemons or something like that which is
regularly Meyer lemons would be
fantastic I just do regular lemons
nothing particularly crazy is I'm going
to blend it with a lot of different
things to some of the subtleties can be
sometimes lost if you go too expensive
on any one ingredient when you're doing
several ingredient drink disaronno
amaretto flavor look for from Italy
absolutely fantastic spirit something
that a lot of people i think tend to
overlook great to be hydrated if you
ever mess around with that cuz it's got
a lot of sugar to it but still enough
flavor that it maintains its flavoring
than once dehydrated lets me just
getting a little geek either so what
we're going to do
we're almost done we're going to
introduce our friend the incredible
edible egg an egg yeah now this is you I
said at the onset this is an amaretto
stone sour well sours traditionally
incorporate hey if you look at a lot of
sweet and sour mix or margarita mix or
something like that which will
incorporate is powder day so the only
difference between this and that is that
is dr. so nasty factory where is this
fresh from yeah so kind of give it a
little crack on the side just like you
would filter out the yolk back and forth
so you just kept for an old but the
white us DIY yolk is still intact and
discard now as i said i've already got
this ready to go with ice any time you
incorporate egg white very very
important shake shake shake just don't
it'll come out yeah this is the most
important verb the mixologist is shake
now one of things right now I've warm
that less made it smells incredible
always tastes always smell you got to
know the planet erudition before you
send it to a guest so we have our mixer
now right now all I've really done is
made an amaretto Stone Sour that you can
get in any bar what's going to make us a
little bit more distinctive you can do
at home and we give you some reason
opportunity to play with is
I'll fill a glass with ice we're gonna
hit it with some bitters now this is a
actual cocktail bitters this is
something we make here at private social
it is a strawberry lavender bitters so
this will be different from like a
costura bitters and stuff that I stuck
in a chill pisco sour cisely what we're
doing here this is a more of flavoring
bitters as opposed to an aromatic
bitters this is just gonna all we've
really done here is added some over
proof alcohol to some strawberry and
some French lavender kind of muddled it
up let it sit for a while cut up a
little bit of vanilla syrup again plenty
of great bitters commercially produced
right now you can absolutely get some
cool flavors on the market where would
you go to buy bit as if you are buying
for a retail any major liquor store will
have a good selection and or can order
you some with penny would you find
online Texas is a little bit of a tricky
market but absolutely we still have some
fantastic products here now do a little
bit of a straw do you notice that foam
layer up top that's the egg white that's
the froth that we introduced to that
drink as well as some of that air I was
happy two are gonna add some great mouth
feel to it notice it's starting to pop
up tops of the air starts escaping this
is going to be flavorful it's going to
be fruity but the cool thing is this
bidders that we've added is going to
take the way just a little bit of a
sweetness to give you the depth of
flavor that you're after it's not going
to be a sugar bomb it's not going to be
just alcohol smack you upside the head
it's going to be everything especially
on a hot
definitely experience in Texas all the
time and since we're coming up on those
100 degree days this is a fantastic
alternative to beer or Zima depending on
if it's still in 1995 please sit back
enjoy I'm gonna grab a garnish for this
and finish up okay
so you're a garnishing with a shearing
kind of doing a plan on your flag
garnish this is a orange slice and a
luxardo cherry luxardo produces a MARSOC
or cherries from northern Italy it's
going to be a little bit more tart it's
not sweet you'll notice it's a not the
neon red you find it in cherry jar from
a lot of chain places will offer it's
got a lot more flavor to it a lot more
bite to it kind of an interesting
texture or even the garnish matters
everything that's right that should go
into a drink has some component to play
just like when cooking a dish you want
every part of that everything on that
dish to be integration to be edible
don't roster of something rocky milana
private social thanks very much and best
of luck in New Orleans next month will
definitely stay in touch