hi everyone
carrots our back in season and this is
how chance an opportunity to look at the
most ancient Parisian starter there is
which is called carrot a happy now what
is the kappahd clappa is basically a
carrot there's gonna be grated and it's
being served with a delicious
vinaigrette sauce and a little bit of
parsley
of course it's done very very simple the
starter and haven't really seen it on
the internet too much but in France the
carrot Cafe is really a staple food and
everybody loves it every family always
makes grated carrots children's love it
adults love it is just raw food it's
full vitamins fresh and once you get a
mouthful of this fresh carrot is just
absolutely heaven this is what we're
going to see today how to make the real
Parisian carrot happy and here we are
these are the ingredients we're gonna
use to make our carrot happy or grated
carrots it's extremely simple and this
is why I like the dish so much we've got
fresh carrots some parsley from the
garden and for my dressings I've got
some lemon also from the garden salt
flakes mixed with black pepper a nice
quality olive oil and also very good
quality red wine vinegar and this is it
you don't need anything more to enjoy
this delicious dish and now let's make
it now
food preparation time today we're going
to be working with a food processor
we're going to be grating the carrots
with the food processor and because
we're using that we're going to also
chop how parsley with the food processor
to make just the whole process very easy
for the dressing I'm not even gonna
bother today with the big jar the whisk
and everything we're going to use that
good old trick of the glass jar we're
gonna make our dressing just using that
thing so let's get started first off I'm
gonna start with the lemon
and olive oil dressing extremely simple
one little pinch of salt and pepper and
immediately I'm gonna take the juice of
half a lemon so I'm using that hand
juicer here it's make sure your lemons
are quite ripe so that you really really
have all the year all the juice okay
that's done can put this away when
you've got your juice you just put it in
don't worry about the seeds because
we're just gonna filter everything now
the first step always in your dressing
you have to dissolve the salt with the
acidic liquid so if it's vinegar you
dissolve and you see what I'm doing here
that's to make sure that you've got
everything dissolve in there all right
that should do it
you open it again and then you simply
add again three spoons you can put less
but it's usually three spoons of olive
oil for half a lemon okay that's it you
take your top here same thing like being
a bartender you know you shake it shake
it baby as they say and then you have it
that's gonna be your base for your
carrots open it I'm gonna reserve it in
my you know container here sorry but
that doesn't look super super pretty but
that's the idea this is what you get
when you put it here now for the second
one there is some lemon left we're not
gonna die I start again with a pinch of
salt and pepper bang this is the vinegar
version I'm taking one spoon of vinegar
okay same thing I'm gonna dissolve the
salt and pepper so when everything is
dissolve
same thing over here you're going to go
you can put roughly one two and let's
say three spoons just a bit short but
not the end of the world
and you do exactly the same thing again
you shake when it's done up take your
mix and as before pour it in and then
you hide you got your two dressing needs
you got here lemon dressing with olive
oil and here the typical olive oil with
vinegar bang okay very quick reminder on
the food processor blade as you can see
here I'm using a magic mix rg2 which is
the finest grading size you can have
this is what you need to use you don't
want to use the g4 which is this one
that gives you a very coarse grading and
that's not what you want for that
recipes before I do a quick side-by-side
comparison you can see the size of the
holes are different always make sure you
use this one here and now let's grate
these carrots little reminder always of
course take the larger part of the
carrot down the shaft down here always
for security purpose you use your mix
here and you start grading by pressing
down very easy
and look at these beautiful results look
at this cars I'm just gonna take a fork
not my hand but look at these scholars
and how nice and fluffy these things are
this is absolutely absolutely lovely and
this is why I love this dish because
it's simple but look how beautiful this
is raw food at its best just a dressing
and the magic will happen I've reserved
my carrot in a bowl and the only thing
we're going to do now is just add the
dressing we had I'm using the lemon
dressing so you see a nice portion of
dressing there's still a few of those
things even though try to remove them
but not to worry I'll get rid of them
okay when it's here basically you just
toss gently so you don't try to destroy
the whole salad and bash it and
everything you just kind of gently move
the carrots around and try to coat most
of them with the dressing and this is to
avoid that the carrots
gets black so that's it you leave them
like that we're going to put them in the
fridge and when they are ready we're
going to dress them up on the plate and
now let's serve our carrots so I'm going
to dish take a little bit of carrot not
too much
you see it's nicely coated is good that
amount you don't want to take too much
one portion and when it's here you can
basically finish it off with just salt
and pepper because it's always is never
enough salt I'm gonna maybe drizzle of
lemon a hint of extra olive oil because
it's always great to have some oil
everywhere I really like that and of
course you can have some parsley but
parsley you really have to sprinkle from
the top a little little bit is read just
to add some color and you have to be
careful a different idea bits
but basically all you know you adjust
your dish is a bit untidy here make
something proper and there you have it
this is the French carrot vinaigrette
it's a lovely dish it's fresh it's
really full of vitamin and anyone can
edit even if it's for your kids you can
remove like the the excess of pepper
everyone loves a good grated carrots so
I hope you enjoyed the show
and I'll see you next time bye
you