hi guys this is John from meet just six
University and this is meat processing
equipment 202 maintenance for your meat
grinder if you want to make snack sticks
Salaam knees below knees are really any
type of sausage you're going to need one
of these here are a few quick and easy
tips that you can follow to keep your
grinder running in perfect condition
first you're gonna want to lubricate
your plate to knives with white oil
before you turn it on each time now if
you don't do this you're gonna cause
friction that's gonna heat up your plate
and knife and it's gonna end up with a
mushy product for a more complete list
of tips for your plates and knives
check out the post that I'm gonna put in
the description here was on Majestics
now also you should marry a plate with a
knife that means if you have two plates
you need two knives this should only be
used together if you don't do that
they're gonna wear unevenly and you're
actually gonna end up replacing them
more often now another thing is you
don't want to use a wrench like this
when locking your head on your grinder
you're going to want to use this to
loosen it only you don't want to go
ahead and tighten it down with this if
you have it too tight you're going to
create a problem with your plate and
knife being pressed up against each
other too closely and they're actually
going to end up wearing your knife a lot
quicker and possibly giving you some
shavings of metal in your food so
definitely don't do that another thing
you want to do is check your auger stud
and replace it with necessary so this is
the stud it sits inside the auger and
this is what the plate and knife are
gonna rest on a worn down stud is going
to allow everything to start bouncing
around moving up and down and eventually
it's gonna ruin your auger which is a
lot more expensive to replace than just
this stud now if you're using a grinder
to stuff sausage you want to make sure
that you're using something like a star
stuffing adapter this goes in here in
place of your plate a knife and what it
does is it prevents this auger from
running on the bottom of the throat if
you don't use something like this it's
gonna ruin your auger and potentially
ruin your throat that's pretty expensive
fix these are very very inexpensive and
if you're using it as a stuffer it's a
great way to extend the life of your
grinder
then you're gonna want to check your
manufacturers operating time and abide
by them some of the grinders like this
one aren't designed to be run for 20
minutes at a time the motors just aren't
powerful enough and some of them have
plastic gears if you have to do four or
five minute stretches
that's a lot better than ending up with
a blown motor grinders like the West End
Pro and butcher series can go for longer
periods of time because they have very
powerful motors and they don't have
plastic gears now another thing you'll
want to check the manufacturers
operating manual for is cleaning
instructions not all grinders are made
the exact same way so some of them
require different parts to be clean than
others some of the parts that are
dishwasher safe and some don't
my suggestion is to hand wash everything
we like using nutri saw general cleaner
but you can also use Dawn or other dish
soaps on most parts again check your
manual for that now if you miss
something and some meat residue makes
its way down deep into the throat behind
this auger you're gonna be in for a
pretty nasty surprise the next time you
go to try and grind something so just
make sure everything's perfectly cleaned
and then when you're done with it spray
it down with some sort of sanitizer we
like this maximum it works really well
it just needs to be on there for 60
seconds and then after you do that you
just wipe it off and you're all good
anything on there will be killed now
getting a grinder head cleaning brush
can make cleaning the throat of your
grinder a lot easier it can be hard to
get anything down these throats and it's
got grooves in there that really can
trap some meat on a twenty to thirty two
or larger these thirty inch grinder head
brushes will save you a lot of time and
effort and if your grinder has a reverse
function and you have a jam you can run
the reverse for just a second or two and
see if that clears it if it doesn't
you're gonna need to turn off your
grinder you should unplug it and then
break it down and clean the throat plate
knife and auger so you've really got to
hope that that reversed function is
working for you now before you turn on
your grinder make sure you check down
the throat to see if anything's down
there make sure plate or knife aren't
down there I mean it sounds ridiculous
but I wouldn't be telling you guys to
look for it if it hadn't happened
another important thing is check the
size of your
stomper if your grinder comes with a
safety plate like this it is partly to
prevent you from putting your fingers
down there but more than anything else
this will go all the way down and hit up
against your grinder if you don't use
that so what that's going to do is gonna
damage your auger and it could chip off
little pieces of that and it goes down
and you got plastic in your food so you
want to make sure you're not doing that
so you follow these easy steps and you
should get years out of one of the most
important pieces in your equipment for
processing anything grinders are should
be powerhouses you can break down large
cut to meet with them you can use them
as a stuffers and you just take care of
it it'll last you for a long time as
always remember to Like comment and
subscribe and visit Waltons ENCOM and
meet just dicks comm to find everything
but the meat thanks for watching I'm
John with meat your sticks University
and I'll see you guys next time
subscribe to Waltons youtube channel to
watch more amazing videos or shop at
Waltons ink.com to find everything about
the meat check out our latest sales and
giveaway video here or watch another
hand-picked video by clicking here