only eating one meal a day isn't that
going to slow down your metabolism or
make you lose muscle and cause all those
gains that you work so hard for to just
disappear or even make you store more
body fat the answer is no no and
definitely not the truth is that you can
eat once a day without destroying your
metabolism and without losing your gains
and you could even lose weight and burn
fat while eating once a day all the
while reaping great health benefits I
know this may sound crazy because
mainstream Fitness and Nutrition advice
is always to eat five to six small meals
a day and to avoid eating one meal at
all cost it's too bad that these people
giving mainstream advice don't know that
there's really nothing inherently wrong
about only eating one meal a day now
this doesn't mean that you can't do the
whole eating one meal a day thing
totally totally wrong CA causing you to
gain a bunch of weight but it also
doesn't mean that eating five to six
times a day puts you in the clear and
automatically guarantees weight loss so
that's not how it works meal frequency
does not play as much of a vital role in
The Fat Loss process as the food quality
and the food quantity if you eat the
same exact amount and the same exact
types of foods between 3 meals 6 meals
or just one meal the effect on the
amount of weight gained or lost should
essentially be the same it would kind of
be like filling up a car's gas tank with
four separate quarter tank fill-ups
versus just filling it up all the way
with a full tank if it's the same amount
of gas it's going to produce the same
amount of energy and after you go
through all that energy that's when your
body starts to dip into your fat stores
for that additional energy your
metabolism will be no slower with one
big meal than a bunch of smaller meals
in fact in 1966 there was a study done
on a man that lost over 276 PBS while on
a 382 day fast where he ate nothing
except for vitamin and mineral
supplements prescribed by his doctor now
even though this is a little extreme it
does show you that when your body is low
on calories it doesn't just go into a
starvation mode and shut down your
metabolism your metabolism does slow
down when you cut calories whether you
cut them out in each meal or you just
don't eat as many calories throughout
the entire day or like in this case you
just don't eat at all however ever it's
not like your body is being run without
using energy your metabolism in this
case is being fueled by fat cells and
you can as shown in this study go from
456 lb to 180 lb without eating at all
now this is not at all what I recommend
in fact this is very dangerous and a
study like this wouldn't even be ethical
nowadays but just keep in mind that it's
not like your metabolism is just going
to shut down and you're going to somehow
exist without burning any fat fat the
energy to even breathe and have your
heartbeat has to come from somewhere in
this particular case the man in the
study only regained 16 lbs over the
course of the 5 years and studies show
that people that eat less frequently and
fast for the purpose of weight loss end
up maintaining it easier than those that
do it through calorie restrictions
imposed on their daily meals there are
other starvation diets where they
starved a group of people and at the end
of all as soon as they started eating
normally again their metabolisms they
came right back up to normal so keep in
mind that these are extreme cases and
eating once a day is not going to put
you into a starvation mode and the
effect that it has on your metabolism is
the same effect that cutting calories
throughout the day would have on your
metabolism so what's the benefit of
eating once a day versus multiple times
a day well first of all chances are very
high high that if you only eat once a
day you're going to have a harder time
eating enough calories to gain weight
rather than if you would eat all day
it's going to be a lot easier it's a lot
easier to have a satisfying meal while
cutting or dieting when eating just one
meal a day because you're going to be
able to have all of your calories at
once in that meal eating once a day and
fasting have been shown in studies to
have benefits on your longevity on the
longevity of your life as well it's
proven with multiple studies that if an
animal consumes 30% less calories
throughout its lifetime it'll live 30%
longer if eating once a day can get you
to eat less calories throughout your
lifetime there's no reason why you're
not getting the same benefit another
benefit is that you don't have to cook a
bunch of meals and worry about eating
them and grazing all day long by not
worrying about eating all day you can be
a lot more productive because between
prepping your meals and taking the time
out of your day to actually eat them
you'd be surprised but you could easily
lose a couple hours that could have been
used productively there are also
benefits for your brain cells and
fasting has been shown to help you think
a lot clearer a lot of this has to do
with the fact that you'll have more
energy throughout the day because I
don't know if you guys know this but
every time that you eat a meal it
requires energy to digest it that's why
after you eat a meal especially a big
meal you may feel tired and you may feel
like you want to go to sleep so contrary
to what most people think when you eat
less frequently throughout the day you
actually have more energy now as much as
there are great benefits for eating once
a day there is a drawback as well many
experts warn against only eating once a
day because you're a lot more likely to
overeat when you're really hungry so let
me make this crystal clear for you guys
if you eat one giant meal at the end of
the day and you absolutely pig out and
eat a huge meal full of junk food and
finish it off with a whole container of
ice cream for dessert you'll not only
not lose weight but you'll probably wind
up gaining a bunch of weight in this
process remember that this stuff all
works due to energy balance at the end
of the day anyway the best way to figure
out how much you can eat in one meal is
by using a calorie calculator and
tracking your total calories for your
once a day meals for a couple weeks this
way you get a good idea of about how
much you can eat in one sitting while
still losing weight I'll include a link
for a calorie calculator below but
that's pretty much it guys I really hope
you enjoyed this video If you enjoyed
this video make sure you leave it a big
thumbs up comment below and subscribe to
this channel to see more tips and tricks
just like this one I'll see you guys
soon
[Music]
[Applause]
pump
he