first joining us again for the second
time this morning it's Tom carriage and
he's here to solve your cookery
let's get John on the line hello John oh
hi there John so what do you need to
know from Tom today what's your problem
Tom I just needed to know how can you
prevent a cheesecake from splitting when
you let it cool down in the oven I
normally put it in the oven for about 40
minutes and then leave it for an hour
but when I take you out I still got
crevasses right through the cheesecake
how annoying it cracks yeah obviously I
would say that sounds like he's cooking
a little bit too to higher temperature
and maybe a little bit too long so turn
the temperature down and if you're
leaving it to cool in the oven I turn
the oven off just a little bit earlier
and just let it relax and in that
residual heat in the oven it will
continue and finish cooking so maybe
just just stop cooking a little bit
earlier