good morning ladies it's Donna again I
wanted to show you some leaves I've been
working on I thought it was a neat trick
may maybe some of you guys know that but
um I wanted to show you how I made these
leaves what they're from they are just
from a bush I a PO set of bush I bought
at a dollar store and what I what I did
was I I just cut these petals
off
and I sprayed them with that Lindy
Starburst sprays and this is Ponderosa
Pine I just spray them you can do them a
couple coats if you want
whoops that's just one cut and I I'll
just do this quickly but
uh that's what it looks like and then
all I did was put some stickles around
it and left it dry and it really really
makes a pretty Leaf you know really nice
and the second one is this here all
these leaves we have on our um points
or flowers some this is from a geranium
flower silk flow Bush what I did here
was I just took this this spine off this
plastic spine comes off some are easier
than others and then I folded this in
half
half like this
here and then what you do is on these
leaves you have to get it in the center
cuz if you don't then you got your
little lines running crooked and you
don't want that so then you just take
and cut
that
oops in the shape of a leaf as big as
you want you can make them big or small
but that's a big that's a big one and
then you can spray these also with a
Lindy star Rush
sprays and either leave it like that but
I I put uh gold stickles around mine and
it really makes a pretty little leaf so
you might want to try these they're real
cute on your flowers your little roses
from my am roses and the ones you
handmade
and I'm sure there's something you could
do with this spine too I just haven't
figured it out
yet I bet you could and then um I also
wanted to show you what I made
um for a little pressing
pad I needed something really small this
is really small I can't get that all in
there um what it's made from is if you
go into Joann's and Michaels back in the
um hot glue gun section they have these
uh they're called silicone mats they're
only like maybe uh 6x6 or something and
they're for your glue gun so you don't
get your glue all over everything and it
peels right off and it can withstand
temperatures to
500Â° so I thought well I needed
something really small to press my laces
and my paper my cards you know how they
curl when you do your uh sprays on them
so I made this little thing out of that
and what I did was I took that
mat and I cut a piece of cardboard the
same
size and then I layered those two
together and then took a piece of fabric
whatever you want to use and brought it
up over and uh glued it I used a
Beacon's 3 in one glue but you could use
hot glue also make sure your cardboard
is on this side here where you're gluing
cuz the other stuff won't
stick so when that's done then take
another piece of fabric and just wrap it
up over see the this is just raw edges
here but it really doesn't matter you
could pink them I guess if you wanted to
or hem them but I I didn't think it was
necessary and then I just glued that on
top
this is the back and then I do did my um
flat one on that side and now I keep
this on my little uh workbench and it's
it's very small but just big enough for
what I want it for and I bought myself a
little travel iron at the yard sale for
$3 it was brand new it was a little
black and&
Decker and I I just keep it plugged in
all the time and just turn it on and off
but um it works really great and you can
just press your little laces
and uh cards and paper it works
fantastic so give it a try ladies if you
don't already have one made give that a
shot so okay well I hope everybody has a
great Sunday and I'm still glad to be
back and looking forward to my next
video You all take care and have a great
day thanks for watching bye-bye