[Music]
this is a follow-up video from a garage
coating that I did about 9 months ago
with rum product it's called Rock Solid
I got it Home Depot uh ran into some
issues made a video about it sent it to
Rum put it on YouTube um got quite a few
positive feedback on it um the issues
were is that it clumped up and also
scratched a bit got a little bit of um
feedback from rolan's tech support what
I found is that the issue was is that
the rollers themselves were falling
apart in the material so I got different
rollers um also mixed it quite a bit
more had a much better result uh the
second time around I'll show you um what
it looks like 9 months later um some
things are really really like about it
um a couple things that I think could be
a bit better overall um very pleased
about it so I'll show you um just a
second here what I like the most about
the product itself I'll start with my
favorite part about it is the cleanup
it's so easy uh to clean this uh the
garage floor up now uh it's unbelievable
really after I'm driving in the snow and
all the sludge and all the dirty water
um and dirt and so forth is on the floor
um used to be tremendous pain to uh
clean it up with a bare concrete get in
the cracks and so forth and hard to just
really sweep up and get up never really
felt clean now just dump a little bit of
uh soapy water got a little uh squeegee
here with a like a paint extending pole
just brush it right off into the outside
there and uh it's unbelievably clean so
I'll do that right now and show you it's
about a minute it takes and I get a
perfectly clean garage floor
if I had one complaint about the product
after installation I'd say that it just
scratched maybe a little bit easier than
I would have hoped for considering the
way they advertise it is 20 times
stronger that being said I stick handle
on it no problem uh does never makes any
type of scratching at all um and then I
can drive on it zero signs of any hot
tire pickup