all right today guys we're gonna talk
about filling up your couch so we have
had this couch since 2010 and I loved it
I loved the red color the fabrics done
really well I'm a fan of it it fits in
our living room while but we were
getting to the point that as soon as you
sit down your bum would hit the springs
and it just wasn't super comfortable
anymore and I was like I don't want to
buy a new couch
how painful is that and this one's doing
really well but am I gonna have to buy a
new one just for foam so we started
looking around on the internet and we
found a few videos and the people that
we're doing it we're like upholsterers
and I felt like maybe it was gonna be
harder than we were ready for so but
sadly I don't picture of the couch
beforehand because we just kind of been
mulling it around for a long time and
then like one day we were just like
let's just go to the crazy upholstery
store and give it a try so we did we
bought the foam and we love the way the
couch is now this is where it is today
the the cushions are super firm the back
pillows are so much nicer it looks way
better when you come in the room and
we're just super pleased with how it
came out it does take some muscle to get
the couch cushions in the covers once
you put the new foam in but my husband
did it and he did a really good job this
is probably a project for two people
because you just need some extra hands
but it's awesome and I think we saved or
we spent about $200 on the whole thing
and that's way cheaper than a new couch
I knew a new couch would have been over
a thousand for what I wanted and so
that's a great savings for us so I'm
gonna show you how to do it we're gonna
go step by step I did video while we
were doing it I just never got the couch
and how frumpy slumpy it looks ahead of
time it didn't look horrible material
was still good a lot of it was what we
filled on her bums because we knew we
were sinking right in so if we have to
do again it's not gonna be miserable I
think we could do it again if we had to
but we bought the super expensive fancy
firm foam so hopefully we don't have to
do it again for a while so let
find out how to do it I hope you guys
will give it a try if you have any
questions you can always ask me in the
comments as it's going along alright
let's make a new couch end up with and
the reason we're doing this you can kind
of tell like our foam is just washing
machine because I don't want to get rid
of this nice couch that's done really
well for us for the last 10 years but it
also probably needs a refresh so that's
over different machine on a regular
cycle on cold cuz you don't want him to
you know just call her lightning I
should say and then I used some of this
like a free and clear with OxiClean so
hopefully it does all right fingers
crossed I mean but they were gross I'm
excited to see how clean they get he
made us these now of the thickest foam
they only had a 5 inch so he's lewd with
the spray glue another inch on top we
just stuck them on our couch to make
sure that they fit when we took
dimensions of all of the cushions we add
if we asked him to add an inch because
we'd seen that online hopefully that
works out force and they do all fit on
there they're tight but probably with
the them going in the couch there would
be some compression and they'll all fit
when we first got the couch it was
really hard to put the cushion on the
lens now the cushions slide off all over
the place because it's been 9 years only
came I think it was 24 inches and ours
is the 25 inch necessary so he could
seem it he did a really good job
the guy at we live by where we live it's
called Tempe sales just caught them all
for us
and so you know if you call an
upholstery place where they sell stuff
like this they might do that for you too
although I saw online that you can just
cut the foam with like a turkey
you know the knife the electric knife so
that's an option too we bought this is a
Dacron topping
I call it batting but it's it's nice and
then most of adding you can see the big
roll over there in the chair we got to
those big rolls and just an FYI total
price for this do you know just the
Dacron was like 30 or 40 I think for all
of it this is a really high quality good
stuff it was so the foam itself was 174
77 something like that and then we also
bought well that's the foam in the
Dacron and then we also bought glue and
we also bought some batting to do the
top part of our cushions and that was
like 47 for that part and just
and then and then I find I think it's a
little bit easier to just cut off the
excess ones it's a clue it that way you
know it's on there if you have a little
bit over hanging on the edge that's not
good either so and we do leave this back
part free for the zipper even though we
plan to rotate our couches and maybe
help the zippers out front every once in
a while I think it'll be easier for us
to put him in the couch this way we've
never noticed a problem and they did
they were covered in deck around the
board there you go
it's the cushions the cushions seem to
have come out of the wash pretty well
they lose still look red and so we hunt
them there on hangers and you just zip
the hanger up around the cushion but you
can kind of see the hanger there we just
stuck it into the zipper part anyway and
it's still I think was 103 when I
checked our temperature here so they
shouldn't take too long to dry and
luckily they're not in direct sun at
least not right now so I'm gonna set a
timer to check in a half an hour to make
sure they're not in the Sun we'll go
from there
we labeled them with where they go on
the couch you can see so the front edge
you wrap is wrapped but the back edge
where the zipper is gonna be is not um
and it just goes all the way around on
these little I guess they call them ears
we just added a little extra piece
because ours wasn't fat enough for this
and you just glue it just the same it
looks like that I had thought about
adding some there but I don't think it
really matters this is where the couch
is we probably want it tighter or not
cushier there anyway so you can see our
that's out there drying we're just
waiting for them to dry probably another
45 minutes so they should be dry it's
102 outside all right so we are gonna
put cushions in we've done a couple
because we didn't want to do the first
two on cam
but we wanted to let you guys know this
has been the hardest part of getting him
in though because we ordered him strong
because we want it to last we'd order of
an inch smaller I probably would've been
a lot easier I don't think they would
have last as well and they wouldn't have
been as taut when you south so we're
gonna get started feel free to laugh but
don't comment about how poor we are are
we doing it so you guys have an idea of
how it works
[Music]
we had batting in this part I think it
would be almost impossible to close
because as fast as you can and drew does
a really good job smoothing it down
because you want to obviously try and
make sure that the piping is on the news
tied in there so there you go
okay guys let's talk about the back
cushions now these are actually a lot
easier some couches have a pre sewn
insert in the back cushions and that is
gonna be totally different than how we
did ours if you're looking for that then
just check for videos on YouTube because
there are a ton of them but we just have
batting inside our cushions so we bought
padding at the upholstery store we just
take a handful fluff it up and then
stick it in we did work to really smush
down batting into the corners on the top
of the couch because that's where it was
mostly pushed down was at the top of the
couch like where kids would flip over
the couch or we'd put our arm up there
as we sat down and then you just work to
make it as full as possible it does kind
of even out although I would have Paige
who's 9 kind of stomp on the pillows to
make them a little bit more even but it
kind of self evens as the more you sit
on it so I wouldn't be too worried about
that just make sure you fluff up the
batting so that you're not just having
stiff handfuls of compressed batting
inside the cushion
okay guys so that's the whole process of
making you owe yourself a new couch
hopefully it doesn't look as hard as you
thought it might look and hopefully you
think it's doable because for us it
wasn't that bad of a project it wasn't
super expensive and it's made a huge
difference in the comfort of our living
room so give it a try ask me any
questions I'm happy to answer them
because I want you to have a comfortable
couch to