hi my name is R bu owner of Expressions
painting and in this video I'm going to
show you how to cut like a
[Music]
pro the first thing you want to do
before attempting to do any straight
cutting or Precision cutting is to fill
your brush with paint and that's the
step that we call priming the brush and
to do so you just go in a corner or
anywhere that you really don't have to
be precise and do a couple of Strokes
like
this after a few times you'll notice
that the paint has started to work its
way into the middle of the brush and
that's when you'll be ready to work in
precision
once your brush is properly primed as we
just talked about that's when you can
really start uh working in Precision
especially along edges of the ceiling
for instance what you do is you first
dip your brush uh putting enough paint
on it if you have not enough paint the
problem is that you're going to be stuck
working in small strokes and it's very
difficult to hold a straight line when
you're doing it that way you want to
have a good quality of paint but so that
you'll be able to work in longer strides
which which makes you uh kind of a nicer
line the first thing is you want to
spread the paint roughly on on the wall
but the main thing is you want to remove
the paint that's over the top of the
bristles right here those are the
bristles who are going to be giving you
that straight line and you really want
to work the bristles or let the bristles
work themselves into the corner but if
you have too much paint over them
they'll end up touching the ceiling so
you do this you remove the excess paint
from the
top and then you go in continuous
strokes and then you go back and forth
when you've done the The Cutting part
here you want to fade out the bottom of
the cutting this is very important you
want to do this at this point because
the transition from the finish of the
brush to the finish of the roller is not
the same so you want to have a fade out
from the brush and a fade in from the
roller
an important point I like to make here
that is that Perfection is not necessary
on the first cut don't beat yourself up
going over and over the same areas just
to get that perfect line do your best
but remember that there's a second coat
coming on and that's when you straighten
out any imperfections that you may have
missed on the first
[Music]
coat
[Music]
[Music]
oh
[Music]
n
[Music]
[Music]