[Music]
one of my favorite things to do is spend
time in my garden and when it comes to
battling those pesky garden bugs here's
how you can do your part to make
gardening easier for you and easy on the
planet my best piece of advice is to
remember that not all bugs are bad there
are many beneficial bugs that will eat
those unwanted pests that are destroying
the plants in your garden aphids love to
feed on the new growth on many of the
plants in your garden and if you want
them gone simply release some ladybugs
these dainty little creatures can devour
5 000 aphids in less than a year it's
best to release a few several times over
the course of a month so those you don't
use today can be stored safely in the
refrigerator the praying mantis is
another beneficial bug for your garden
and they're also entertaining to watch
they'll eat flies mosquitoes spiders and
aphids among many other things spring is
the time to put their eggs in your
garden for hatching but be warned a
single praying mantis egg can yield
hundreds of babies you can buy both
praying mantis eggs and ladybugs at
smaller local garden centers or you can
find them online by letting beneficial
bugs do the work for you you'll be
keeping those unwanted pests away but
you'll also be keeping toxic chemicals
out of the environment it's an easy and
affordable way to do your part while
enjoying your little piece of the world
[Music]