hello lovelies now as you may have
noticed we are having a bit of an ice
cream extravaganza here on the channel
so far I have shared delicious fruity
ice cream ideas some amazing chocolate
ice cream ideas and today it is all
about vegan nice cream ideas now if
you're not familiar with nice cream it
is a really wonderful vegan alternative
to traditional ice cream and today I'm
going to share it five delicious ways
starting with my vanilla berry bliss
flavor now the base for all of these
nice creams is going to be exactly the
same it's basically a combination of
ripe frozen bananas with just a splash
of almond milk to help smooth it out you
put it in a food processor blend it all
up what you end up with is this amazing
ice cream that's kind of got the texture
of soft syrup because my bananas were
very ripe when I froze them I don't need
to add any additional sweetener to these
but if you're using slightly under ripe
bananas you may want to add a little bit
of agave syrup just for that nice
sweetness that everyone loves so much in
an ice cream all you're going to do is
combine these two ingredients in your
food processor and blend them on high
until they become nice and smooth after
just a few minutes in the food processor
you end up with this beautiful creamy
mixture that you can add pretty much any
flavor to like my vanilla berry flavor
which is just a combination of frozen
berries I've got some blackberries
blueberries raspberries and strawberries
headed in here and the seeds of half of
the vanilla bean if you don't have a
vanilla bean on hand of course vanilla
extract will always do as well now
because I'm hoping to maintain a little
bit of the texture of my frozen berries
I don't want to go ahead and just put
this blender on high I'm just going to
pulse these in until they're well
incorporated you'll see the color starts
changing to this gorgeous pinky purple I
like popping it in the freezer for about
30 minutes or so just to help it get a
more ice cream texture and that my dears
is a very very delicious dessert
next I am making a super tasty mint
cookies and cream nice cream now as if
cookies and cream ice cream wasn't good
enough we're going to add just a touch
of peppermint flavor which is gonna take
this right over the top once again I am
starting with my traditional nice cream
base
so I've got my frozen bananas headed
into my food processor with a splash of
vanilla almond milk I'm also for my
minty flavor going to be adding a splash
of peppermint extract now you can
usually find this in the baking section
at most supermarkets or at a bulk food
store I'm just adding a splash here a
little can go a long way I am also
adding a few drops of green food
coloring to this now of course if you
want to skip this step you absolutely
can there is no need to turn it green
but in my brain mint ice cream has
always been and should always be green
so I'm using a couple drops of food
coloring to help me achieve that look
I'm just going to put the lid on my food
processor and get this blending away
until it is nice and smooth then it is
time to add my Oreos now all of the
vegans I know absolutely adore the fact
that Oreos are vegan so it felt right to
include them in this video
now the Oreos aren't your thing once
you've got this amazing base you could
also go ahead and add some vegan
chocolate chips then you would have mint
chocolate chip ice cream which you know
can't be bad
I just want to pulse them a few times to
get them well incorporated you want to
make sure that you have nice chunks of
Oreo to bite into I think that makes for
the best texture how absolutely amazing
does this ice cream look and guys I can
attest it actually also tastes that good
for my next trick I am making what I am
calling my chunky monkey ice cream
chunky monkey because it involves a
whole lot of banana goodness and of
course we know monkeys love bananas this
one starts once again with my classic
face so I've got my frozen bananas
headed into my food processor with my
vanilla almond milk but because this
time around I'm going to be making a
chocolate ice cream I'm also going to be
adding some cocoa powder to this once
that is all blended up and nice and
smooth and the food processor has worked
it's magic you can go ahead and add all
of the chunky bits that make this ice
cream extra exceptional that means I'm
adding some vegan dark chocolate chunks
I'm also using some salted peanuts and
finally I am going to add some banana
chips to amp up that banana factor even
more I'm going to give this a few pulses
to help those get blended in and it's as
simple as that tons of texture tons of
great flavor so much to love about this
the most delicious chocolatey peanutty
banana ice cream but I think you'll ever
have so a few weeks ago I posted in the
community tab on YouTube asking you guys
what flavor ice cream you wanted to see
on the channel and if you can believe it
one of the most popular flavors that
came up over and over again with
pistachio flavored ice cream very
sophisticated choice everyone so I
wanted to add that to my list of nice
creams today I am starting once again
with my classic base my frozen bananas
my vanilla almond milk are headed into
my blender to those I am also going to
be adding some matcha green tea powder
this can usually be found in the tea
section at your supermarket or at a
specialty shop I'm also going to be
adding a splash of almond extract to
this just to amp up that nutty flavor a
little more I'm gonna pop the little my
food processor get this all blend it up
until it is nice and smooth now that we
have our beautiful base happening I am
going to get to the good stuff the
pistachios and I've already chopped up
my pistachios so I just want to pulse
them in I don't want to get them totally
smooth
in this I want to leave some chunks it's
that easy pistachio nice cream what more
could you ask for finally guys we're
making a salted caramel an ice cream
that features some vegan caramel sauce
now for this ice cream we're going to be
starting by making our caramel sauce
it's just a combination of coconut sugar
with some both fat coconut milk I'm
going to heat it up over medium low heat
in a saucepan you don't want to rush it
we're basically going to stir it until
all of the sugar is dissolved and it
starts to reduce this is looking amazing
and as we take it off the heat and it
starts to cool it's going to thicken up
even further and make the perfect
caramel sauce for this amazing Seoul -
caramel
nice cream now that our caramel sauce
has cooled completely it is time to put
together our nice cream we are using the
very same base for this nice cream I've
got my frozen bananas and my vanilla
almond milk going in to my food
processor I'm going to top it with a
whole heaping helping of my vegan
caramel sauce and a good helping of
flake salt I'm going to pop the lid on
my food processor blend it all up until
it is nice and smooth this Jeff is super
sweet with just a touch of saltiness
absolutely irresistible I like serving
it with another sprinkle of flaked sea
salts because that is just how I roll
sweet salty perfection guys I hope you
love all five of these ideas as much as
I do and that you'll give them a try in
your very own kitchens
if you do be sure to tweet me Instagram
me or snapchat me a photo because I love
seeing your kitchen creations keep in
mind the full recipes are in the
description box below so you can take a
look for them there and finally if you
haven't already be sure to subscribe
because there is lots more deliciousness
where this came from