fuzzy navel so what type of fruit is
fuzzy peaches everyone smile so I'm
going to throw out Kiwis to shed however
most of the time you're gonna think
peaches and then there's another type of
fruit that you're real familiar with
called a navel orange those oranges that
you buy at the grocery store those are
navel oranges so fuzzy navel peach and
orange juice this is a real common drink
girls love this thing's very sweet and
fruity and probably the weakest drink in
your bar because this is your main and
only alcohol peach schnapps which is 15
percent alcohol by volume so really
really really weak and they're so sweet
they probably make you sick before the
make you drunk take our glass you need
to take our main alcohol which is peach
schnapps
one two three four and fuzzy navel
orange orange juice no garnish there you
go fuzzy navel
now there's another slightly strong
stronger version of this called a hairy
navel which is a slightly disturbing
mental picture because I think of navel
I think of a female bellybutton so hairy
navel not good hairy navel just means
that you're going to add vodka to this
drink but it's a highball glass so that
means that we need one ounce of alcohol
so you're going to split the vodka and
the peach schnapps you need to go to
count vodka to count peach schnapps fill
with orange juice and that is a hairy
navel
you