hey it's Ryan O'Brien so we just moved
into a new house we've got a nice chain
link fence around the backyard and
within the first day of being here which
was only like a week ago one of our dogs
found a weak spot in the fence that was
kind of off the ground and managed to
squeeze her way through it back in here
as you might be able to see she found
her way through that uh through that
chain link fence and got out a couple of
times within the first day of us being
in this home so as you can see I went to
Lowe's I picked up some uh some rods
from the chain link Finch section that
were about 4 450 a piece and drove them
into the ground to try to plug up those
holes a little bit well they're not the
prettiest looking things in the world so
I talked to my father-in-law and he had
a pretty good suggestion of another way
to do this cuz we've got other parts of
this fence that she could also sneak
through if she decided to do so but
we're going to plug these holes up a
little more discreetly using these
common tin Stakes now these were a
six-pack of them at Academy Sports for
$1.99 we're going to drive these into
the ground and plug up some more of
these holes so the dog doesn't get out a
nice easy way and a little bit more
discreet way to plug up those holes in
your fence so your dog doesn't get out
so as you can see here it doesn't
connect to the ground so if she really
wanted to hard enough she could push
that out and probably warm her way under
it so we're going to drive these staks
into the ground to keep that a little
more attached and keep her from being
able to uh to get out by the way this is
the one right here this is the sneaky
one that gets out don't you yeah yeah
you little punk all right so as you can
see I've already stuck one in the ground
here hammered it in hooked it right
there underneath the fence and I put it
out at an angle so I don't want her to
be able to so if she pushes on it she
gets a little bit more resistance if she
were to try to get out as the post to
straight up and down where she may be
able to get it bent and get it to slip
out of the ground so let me show you
what I did here we're going to go down a
little further I'm going to angle them
in like so kind of get it started with
my hand a little bit just enough to set
it and then I'm going to take now I'm
using a mini Sledge but you could use a
regular Hammer as well and it's just as
simple as tapping those down in there
well I say just as
simple and off you go until it hooks
on and then just a little there you go
so now from a
distance if you were to let me get up
off the ground here so from here you can
kind of see them if you know where they
are but from here obviously you can't
see those ENT Stakes as opposed to these
here that you can see and these cost me
about half as much so just go on down a
few feet every so often however far you
need to go wherever there's a weak spot
in your fence Drive these stakes in and
ideally the dog doesn't get out anymore
you have life hacked your chain link
fence