hey guys welcome back to my channel so
today I'm doing a master bedroom clean
with me this room is my favorite room in
the whole house to clean because it
doesn't have very much stuff in it so
it's super fast and super easy to clean
but I am also going to be reviewing the
Comfort Inn relax memory foam gel pillow
I have been using this for close to a
week now you're gonna see me unboxing
this but when I do this voiceover I
didn't want to do it until I actually
use the pillow but oh my gosh the
cooling side is so nice like we have we
have a central air although we have a
two-story house so our upstairs is so
warm in the summer time and lately our
temperature here has been 90 degrees and
up but when I got this pillow I was so
excited to try it out because it is
supposed to cool your body temperature
as you are sleeping at night and I'm
going to tell you it really works I have
heard so much good stuff about memory
foam pillows and I've never had one
because I just thought they were hard
but this is so amazing and also like
fits your head so on the opposite side
you can turn it around so you don't feel
the cooling effect especially in the
winter time you actually don't want to
be cold but it is so nice and like fits
your head so you can like sleep on your
side you can sleep on your back you can
sleep on your stomach and it's all going
to just fit the way that you sleep I
totally open this upside down but I was
glad I did because it also comes with a
sleeping mask and when I opened it the
first time around obviously I didn't
even see that at the bottom of the box
but I thought that was super cool as
well but if you want to check this
company out I will leave the links in
the description box below and I wasn't
gonna like show you guys me sleeping at
night because I thought that might be a
little weird too but this is me just
unboxing it like I said but I was like
super happy with it just as soon as I
opened it and like I needed a new pillow
so bad I don't really have to tell you
all this but I really did need a new
pillow because I washed ours and like
all the cotton went to one side my
pillow so I was sleeping on this most
Awkward till you who ever seen in your
entire life
so I was so excited to actually throw
that away
[Music]
want to keep it nice and clean not freak
and I thought as soon as I open that why
not just try it out try the sleep mask
out and Layana and be super weird and
awkward like I normally am so anyways as
you first seen I first off made the bed
and then I'm going to just dust
everything and everywhere I feel like my
kids just jumped out that curtain I
don't even see that when I was editing I
don't know why but I thought that was oh
my god I'm laughing it right now but
anyways I'm just gonna use the method
all-purpose cleaner to do the tops I
don't really know what the tops of our
furniture is made out of but this works
and it's so nice and the girls made that
for Father's Day two years ago it was
like two days after Presley was born so
look at those little tiny feet in there
it's so stinking cute but I'm just gonna
put all this back and I am going to dust
everywhere else in our bedroom right now
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
and I lose control so preview for the
record on maybe for the record on
[Music]
[Music]
when they came and swept away all the
fun of yesterday's but I'm gonna hold it
together and maybe put the record on
maybe put the record on
[Music]
[Music]
and I am so sorry for this poor lighting
I could not I even like tried to fix it
while editing but I think I just made it
a little bit worse and a little bit more
orange but I could not fix it I could
not believe when I closed curtains it
just made it dark so there's a little
bit of lighting in here that's off but
I'm gonna apologize now but it's okay
you can kind of still see what I'm doing
but I'm just still dusting we have a lot
to dust in here
[Music]
come come come with me I'm gonna get
this party lit come come come with me
let's do something and this totally must
have been an off day because I cleaned
all the windows we like three windows in
the bedroom and I only taped myself
doing one and I thought I was taping
myself doing all of them but just minor
minor error and now I'm just going to
vacuum all the floors I had the shark
rotator vacuum it's for like pet hair I
absolutely love this vacuum cleaner I
love it so much I've had it for three or
four years now and it works just as good
as it did the first day I got it
it is incredible
[Music]
we run away
[Music]
I'll show you below we run away together
self when we're low
[Music]
all right you guys that is it for my
video thank you guys so much for
watching and if you like cleaning videos
make sure you give it a thumbs up I
don't do a ton but I know some of you
guys really do enjoy them and like I
said this is my favorite room in the
house to clean because it takes me
probably less than 15 or 20 minutes to
clean the whole entire thing which makes
me so happy and also make sure you check
out the link below to the Comfort and
relax if you would like to check out
their pillows or their other products
that they sell on there and I will see
you guys in my next video bye