Repair Clinic makes fixing things easy
with millions of replacement parts
available on our website and the help
you need to do the repair
yourself if your topload washer won't
drain here are the top three most
probable
causes the drain cycle begins when the
control sends voltage to the drain pump
which pumps the water out the drain hose
to a wash tub or drain
pipe on some washers the main Drive
motor drives the pump by spinning in the
opposite direction than it did during
the agitation
cycle a small object or article of
clothing can sometimes create an
obstruction in the pump or a damaged
impeller could cause the pump to fail
mechanically if the pump is powered by
its own motor then it's possible for the
pump to fail electrically as well you
can use a Multimeter to determine if the
drain pump motor has continuity a
continuous electrical path present in
the motor if the motor tests negative
for continuity then the pump will need
to be
replaced the drain hose may be twisted
pinched or obstructed by a small object
if you are unable to straighten the hose
or clear an obstruction you will need to
replace the
hose on some models the lid switch
prevents the washer from operating when
the lid is open if the switch is
defective then the washer won't drain
even with the lid
closed again you can use a Multimeter to
determine if the switch has
continuity if the switch tests negative
for continuity then you'll need to
replace it with a new
one for additional troubleshooting
information enter your appliance's full
model number in our website's repair
help search
bar at Repair Clinic we make fixing
things easy thank you for supporting the
production of these videos by purchasing
your parts from our
webbsite