[Music]
hi guys today I'm going to be doing some
organizing on my desk as you can see
right now it is a complete disaster for
a while there I had it really nice and
organized but then I ended up stealing
some of the organizers and using them in
my vanity and after that it pretty much
got completely out of control so if you
guys would like to see how I organize my
desk
keep watching I also wanted to quickly
mention these organizers that I'm using
are from Target they're actually jewelry
organizers but I'm going to be using
them in my desk drawer so I got one for
each of the smaller drawers and then I'm
also going to be using one of these
really pretty mint colored ones this one
was on clearance at Target for only five
dollars and fifty cents
[Music]
I'm going to start out by organizing a
few things on the top of my desk first
so this mirrored tray is also from
Target
this cute little bunny is also from
Target and I'm just using him to store
some of my paper clips the white tin
that I'm using to store my pens and
pencils is from Ikea but right now they
have ones that are very similar at
Target in the dollar section and then I
also just added a couple of my favorite
notebooks to the trade moving on into
the drawers the very first thing that
I'm going to do is completely empty out
the drawer and now I'm just going to go
ahead and add my organizers in the
drawer and start organizing my stuff
[Music]
moving along to the middle drawer I'm
just going to do the exact same thing
I'm going to take out everything that I
know that I'm going to be reorganizing
and I'm just sticking everything in this
pink basket
[Music]
[Music]
you
[Music]
you
[Music]
now on to the last door drawer you guys
know the drill we're just going to go
ahead and empty everything out and then
stick our new organizer in and begin
organizing everything and while you have
everything out of your desk this is also
a good time to sort through your stuff
and get rid of any stuff that you're not
using and I realized that when I was
doing this that I have enough pens and
markers I think to last for a lifetime
[Music]
now in case you guys couldn't tell I
love bright colorful stuff and I also
love finding cute ways to organize my
stuff so I'm going to be taking some of
these bright colored post-it notes and
I'm going to be organizing them in this
cute little jar which I found from TJ
Maxx I like to store my memory cards and
also my battery for my camera in this
adorable strawberry scented macaroon is
this not the cutest thing ever
bill got me this for Valentine's Day and
I loved it so much I'm using this pretty
pink in gold storage box which is also
from TJ Maxx to hold some of my camera
cords TJ Maxx toys has a ton of really
cute storage boxes if you guys are
looking and they're also super
inexpensive this acrylic organizer is
also from TJ Maxx so that is how I
organize my desk I hope you guys enjoyed
this video if you have any questions let
me know and if you guys would like me to
do a full office or desk tour just let
me know and I will definitely do that
I'm also doing a little giveaway for
this video I'm going to be giving away
all of these office supplies shown here
so if you guys would like to win these I
will go ahead and put all of the rules
for this contest down in the description
box
[Music]