hey guys it's Jennifer from craft forest
today I wanted to show you how to make
wine glass and drink glass charms so
it's summertime we've had tons of people
over the house and everybody's drinks
are always getting confused the kids
never know which one's theirs when it's
on the table when it's outside on the
patio so I thought this would be a great
way to distinctly give everyone their
own glass so I got a chance to play with
a product that I've been wanting to get
my hands on for quite awhile and it
worked perfectly so let me show you what
you need and how to make these charms so
I started with this newer product it's
been out for maybe six seven months from
mod podge they're called mod podge melts
so fun lots and lots of uses I think for
this you're probably gonna see us kind
of playing with this one again in the
future so what it is are these almost
like glue sticks they come in lots of
different colors we're going to use the
milk glass today and you use these with
a high-temperature glue gun and these
molds and you can actually make the
shape so you want to make sure that
you're using a high temp glue gun with
these it says so right on the
instructions and I tested it with my
regular glue gun and the high temp
definitely works better so what you're
gonna need for these are the templates
from Mod Podge the glue sticks that they
sell we're gonna use again the milk
glass but you can actually get these
colored we're gonna use sharpies to
color ours but you can get them already
pre colored you're going to need a
high-temperature glue gun and then we're
gonna use some pliers some a little bit
of jewelry chain and we're gonna pull
some jump hooks from this and also use
it to attach for our wine glass and some
hair ties so again we need the Mod Podge
products we need some hair ties jump
hooks and a little piece of chain so let
me show how to make these and then we'll
put them together okay so we want to
grab the stick and put it in our glue
gun and I actually have mine heating
here you want to make sure that these
get really really hot and I put it on on
kind of a piece of paper or a piece of
cardboard and when it starts pooling
then you know it's ready I've
to kind of spray this out and kind of
get it to work before it was hot and
it's just kind of a struggle to work
with so to fill these guys the best way
to go is from the middle and you're just
gonna squeeze this in it makes a really
great liquid and we're just gonna
squeeze it in and fill the shape and you
don't have to worry about bubbling or
any of those types of things and again
you want to make sure that it's really
really hot we've got this second stick
here from the back that isn't as hot as
the first so it can be a little bit of
effort to get that in but you just want
to make sure it's extremely hot and so
you're gonna fill your shape here and it
just takes a minute and you kind of want
to get all the way around again you
don't have to worry about air bubbles or
any of those types of things and then I
just tap mine out like this so we'll do
one of the smaller ones up here to fill
that guy up and you're just squeezing it
in and then while these are still hot if
we want to use these for the drink
glasses we're gonna take one of the jump
hooks and just slide it right in while
it's still wet and I take mine and kind
of just tap it out just to kind of get
it flat and get a really good surface so
now we've got these filled we're going
to take one of our jump hooks and our
pliers and I'm just gonna slide it in
before it dries these take about ten
minutes to dry completely and even that
with this one here even when it was if
you know three or four minutes in we
were able to slide our jump hook in so
we're gonna let those dry and we'll meet
you right back here in about ten minutes
okay so we let these dry for about ten
minutes and we're going to take this one
we're using the the jewels or the gems
from mod podge we're gonna use the jump
hook to pull this out it really is
effortless I know that looks kind of
like the magic of television but after
about 10 10 to 15 minutes at the most
they just pop right out so we've got our
jump hook attached to the back and we've
got this really great jewel shape on the
front so I love these just as they are I
think the mill glass is really really
pretty
and thought it would be cool to make
jewelry out of them make even like
drawer pulls out of them that for the
drink holders we're gonna make that a
little monogram and let's color them so
let me show you how to do that so we're
gonna move these out of the way
okay and we're just gonna use some
scrapbook paper here and we're gonna use
sharpies and we'll just grab a sharpie
let's use this pink one and really you
can just color on these guys and you can
use paint and you could use glitter if
you wanted to really anything you wanted
they're really really really fun to work
with and if you're going to use paint
you can use one of those round sponsor
brushes and that'll help you to really
get the coverage in all the little nooks
and crannies but we're just going to use
a sharpie here and we'll just go around
and one coat will do it on most of these
you can go a second coat if you want to
and we'll come around on the edge here
and just fill them in and that's it
really really really simple if we wanted
to put like a little monograph we could
put a little letter here let's put an R
for our guest cameraman rightly today
we'll do that okay so now we've got our
gem colored and we're ready to attach it
so what I like to do because we have our
jump hook attached to the back already
and we've set it in in the glue as its
drying I like to put a second one right
on top of my hair tie and then just
attach the two together so all I'm going
to do is take the charm and just put it
right over this jump hook that I have
open and I'm going to use my pliers and
just squeeze it shut so really really
simple okay so I'm just going to squeeze
that shut and then it's ready to use and
all you have to do to use it is just
slide it right over your glass so cute
so simple so we made a variation on that
one for the one glass and use just a
little bit of chain length the same
process we colored the butterfly we use
this set here with the butterfly and
there's cute little birds little bird's
nest we use that one and just attached
it the same way with a little bit of
chain and a jump hook for that one it
love the way these turned out they've
been really effective at home lots less
fighting so everybody's happy and that's
it really simple to make lots of
creative uses for these you can again
turn them into a drawer pull jewelry you
could decorate a scrapbook with them so
many uses lots of way to have lots of
ways to have really a lot of fun with
these I really hope you guys enjoyed
this tutorial from craft florists on how
to make your own wine and glass charms
be sure to subscribe to our Channel and
we'll see you back here next week for a
brand new video thanks guys bye bye