[Music]
hey it's Vanessa The Crafty Gemini and I
post weekly crafting and cooking videos
here on YouTube this week I'm back with
a tutorial on how to make a cupcake mug
rug this is a cute little mug rug if you
don't know what a mug rug is it's
basically a little plac mat for you to
place on your desk or a table for you to
place your mug and then sometimes you'll
see pictures taken where people have a
little cupcake a Danish or something
that they're eating a little snack and
they can basically place it right on top
of the little mug rug now I actually
designed this cupcake applique just for
you guys and for this tutorial so I'll
include a direct link under this video
in the description box where you can
click on it and it's just one sheet to
print out and it'll have the three
templates that you'll need to trace so
that you can also make this cupcake
applique now let's start with the
supplies and the materials that we'll
need and we'll jump right into making
our mug rug so the first thing you're
going to do is print out your template
that has the three pieces for the
cupcake and then pick out from your
stack any scraps that you want to
coordinate to make up your cupcake for
the solid pieces here I have the white a
little bit smaller than the blue one
here and you can switch up these
measurements any way you want this is
just what I'm going with
here then you're going to need a backing
piece that's going to measure once you
have the front of your mug rug the
backing needs to be the exact same size
so if you want you can go a little bit
bigger than this and we'll just trim it
down when we get to that point then to
create our applique of the cupcake we
need some Wonder under the Pelon Wonder
under and this is the regular weight one
which I usually use but they also sell
it in a roll like this and it's the
heavy duty Wonder under basically it's
just paperback fusible web and it allows
us to make this fusible applique pieces
aside from that we need something to put
on the inside of our mug rug if you
watched some of my other tutorials you
see that recently I've liked to use this
fusible flea stuff especially for
smaller projects it has adhesive on one
side and it's nice and soft on the other
and all you got to do is put it on the
back of your project and hit it with an
iron you also have the option of just
using regular batting for your filler as
well so let's start you're going to take
your two pieces of fabric here pretty
sides touching and a/4 inch seam right
down the
center once you have that make sure you
press it with your iron and in this case
I made sure to press the seam towards
the darker fabric so it won't show up on
the white side okay and now what you
need to do is cut out a piece of either
your fusible fleece or your batting and
here you doesn't have to be exact you
can go a little bit bigger you want to
make sure that you have the fusible side
of the fusible fleece facing up towards
the back side of our fabric here we're
going to follow manufacturer
instructions and fuse it down with our
iron you can see that that fusible
fleece holds on really well so now I'm
just going to trim it around so that the
fusible fleece is flushed with our
fabric
edges now I'm going to set that aside
and start working on our next thing
we're going to take our template pieces
here and take out a piece of the
paperback fusible web I'm using the
Pelon Wonder under you just need to cut
out a piece that is um big enough to
cover all three template pieces so I'm
going to put this with the printed side
up and then I'm going to lay my
paperback fusible web with the adhesive
side down so that I have the paper side
facing up then take some kind of marking
device and you're simply going to trace
it now one thing to note when you're
doing fusible applique technique is that
your design pieces need to be mirror
imaged okay or backwards in my case
since these pieces are symmetrical on
both sides it's not important here
because it's still going to turn out I
can remove my printed piece from
underneath I like to take my paper
scissors now and just roughly trim
around each of these
pieces now with our three template
pieces cut out we can grab our scraps to
make up our little cupcake applique here
I'm going to start off with the bottom
part of my cupcake which I want this
pretty fabric pretty side down so that
the ugly side is facing up and then I
put the adhesive side down of my Wonder
under on top so the same side that you
rode on is the side that going to iron
on you're going to repeat the same
process for your other template pieces
always making sure you're putting the
adhesive of the Wonder under towards the
ugly side of the fabric once you fuse
that down based on the manufactured
instructions you're going to then take
your scissors and cut each of your
pieces out now I don't throw away these
scraps because they work out perfectly
for small little pieces like this I
simply sort them by color and I'll keep
them in my stash to create the Apple I'm
going to lay my pieces here just to give
myself an idea of how it's going to look
once it's it's fully fused down you can
measure if you'd like but this is such a
small project I'm just going to eyeball
it and it'll work out fine so that's how
it's going to look and all you need to
do now is actually start peeling the
paper backing off of each one of these
pieces and take your time if you see
that it's not fully adhered go ahead and
hit it with your iron again and then let
it cool before you try to take off the
paper again make sure you remember to
keep it at least a/4 inch inside from
those seams because that's going to be
taken up in your seam allowances so give
yourself plenty of space and you want to
overlap the top frosting part of the
cupcake to cover up that top edge of the
bottom piece Place the little heart
embellishment wherever you want it now
we can take it to our ironing board and
press it so here's what it looks like
when it's all fused into place now what
we need to do is secure this in place
with some machine applique stitches
using some of the decorative stitches on
the machine here I'm using what we call
a blanket stitch and I'll show you in a
second what it looks like you can see
there on the frosting part of the
cupcake I've done that already for the
heart I used the zigzag Stitch so it
looks a little bit less neat than the
blanket stitch and I did that on purpose
to show you guys the difference so
you're just going to go all around the
edges and pivot and just take your time
going around any curves and this takes a
little practice but you can do it with a
zigzag Stitch or a blanket stitch
anything like that would work fine now
we just need to put it all together I've
cut out a coordinating or exactly the
same size backing piece and I'm going to
put my pieces together with the pretty
sides touching pin all around and
remember to leave an opening of about 3
to 4 in so you can flip the whole thing
out start on one end back stitch go all
the way around pivoting on all those
Corners when you come again to the other
Mark make sure you back stitch as well
and this will leave us an opening there
to turn it all out once that's sewn up
remember to clip your Corners
perpendicular to the points making sure
not to cut into those stitching lines
then you can just turn the whole thing
out through the little opening that
you've
left I like to poke out the corners by
putting my pointer finger in one and if
it doesn't come out completely feel free
to just roll it in your fingertips to
get all that fabric to come out from
there and do that to all four
corners now we take it to our ironing
board and give it a nice press so we
have that side seam going right down the
center and that'll give everything a
nice clean and professional finish now
for the opening here you just need to
tuck in each of those in about a quarter
of an inch the same as your seam
allowance so it can lay as flat and as
neatly as you can you can put some pins
there but I like to just press it with
my iron and then we're going to take a
straight Stitch and go about an eighth
of an inch away from all the edges just
to top Stitch everything down like you
see here and that's it and now you have
a cute little cupcake mug rck I hope you
enjoyed making this tutorial and that
you'll give it a try I'd love to hear
where else you plan to use this applique
on because after you print out the
template sheet you can then create this
little cupcake and use it to embellish
all kinds of projects tote bags pants
little girls clothes maybe a pocket ET
for an apron all kinds of things so I'd
love to hear once you give this a try
where else you plan to use this cute
little cupcake embellishment if you
enjoyed this tutorial go ahead and hit
it with a thumbs up and feel free to
share it with your friends as well and
once you give the mug rug a try remember
to take some pics and upload them to my
Facebook page cuz I love to see what
you're making from my tutorials and if
you're wondering about the t-shirt that
I'm wearing I'm excited to tell you that
I'm a new instructor over at craftsy.com
I'm teaching a sewing class there called
SE little Nursery design it's an online
video course that never expires you can
take take it anytime you want anywhere
you want and the projects that I cover
there are designed to be for a nursery
but you can really just switch up the
fabrics and use them in any room of your
house or even to decorate patio chairs
and dining room chairs some of the
projects I cover are curtains a valance
I also teach you how to make cushion
covers for like a rocking chair seat
back and the seat bottom and then
throughout those different projects I
also will teach you different techniques
like how to do a blind hem French seam
how to make your own piping that a lot
of you have wondered about and also a
few different types of Ruffles and a
gorgeous pleated
panel I've included the link underneath
this video in the description box below
so that you guys can access the course
at 50% off the price for being crafty
Gemini viewers and I hope you guys will
check out the course and forward it to
any friends you know that may be
interested and then stay tuned for my
next video where I'll be announcing a
new giveaway where you need to be a
registered so little Nursery design
student in order to enter and so you
don't miss out on any other fun and easy
crafting tutorials remember remember to
subscribe to my channel
[Music]