you
hi guys it's meds or hamsters and then
we'll show you how to face more and
we'll choose my hamsters haven't been
really liking their cheese recently so i
thought i'd add some flavor to them so
that it can be a bit more fun for them
and keep their tees down please remember
to like subscribe and comment if you
enjoyed this video and comment any video
suggestions which you think of and enjoy
the video that's gone too so what you
will need is some bowls some shoes and
some four pumps to save fruit and
vegetables so i used a banana in an
apple and i'm just going to rush that
banana get as much flavor out as
possible and split it into two holes so
it fits in the old better and i'm just
going to cut a bit off the apple and
dice that section you can eat the rest
so you're not wasting it okay so next
you just boil some water in the castle
and fill each bowl about halfway through
so that all of the fruits covered in the
boiling water this gets out or the
flavor and then you're just going to put
your shoes in and leave now I left mine
an overnight and that absorbs all the
flavor
so here then after I flavored them and
it actually worked really well
especially with the banana as it has
quite a big flavor and smell to it
without it dying at all and so I was
really really recommend the banana so I
hope you enjoyed this video and I would
really recommend trying this out forget
to like and subscribe if you enjoyed
this video and would like to see more
awesome please come in any hamster
related video suggestions as I will
definitely try them now and thanks for
watching bye