hey it's Vanessa from crafty gemini.com
and today I'm here to tell you about my
newest pattern that I have for sale on
my website on crafty gemini.com and
that's what you all have been asking for
my ruffled pillowcase dress if you're
familiar with my regular pillowcase
dress you know that it looks a little
something like this the pattern and the
supplemental video tutorial show you how
to put it all together and it's just a
fabric for the body of the dress and
then a trim at the bottom and remember I
do all my seams very nice clean and
professional looking using those French
seams well my new and improved ruffled
pillowcase dress that everybody's been
asking about is going to show you and
the pattern all step-by-step
instructions with tons of diagrams and
I'm going to show you how to make the
little ruffle that goes here and then
also my previous tutorial and pattern
required you to make the shoulder ties
just using regular store bought ribbon
and what we're going to do today is show
you how to make your own shoulder ties
out of whatever coordinating fabric you
want to make so just to tell you a
little bit more about the pattern the
ruffled pillowcase pattern can be
purchased um the same as the other uh
pillowcase dress on my website on crafty
gemini.com just go to the tab for shop
and you can see all my patterns that I
have for sale there this video that I'm
working on that you're going to see now
is um just a supplemental video tutorial
so if you want all the step-by-step
instructions you'll need the pattern for
that and another special thing that I've
added into this new pattern is uh two
complete charts one is going to tell you
exactly how much fabric you need for
sizes newborn through size eight in
girls so you just pick out what size you
want let's say 3T and you look across
it's going to tell you how much fabric
you need to purchase for the front of
the dress the back of the dress the
panel and for the ruffle and then I have
another chart that's going to tell you
the exact measurements to cut from again
all those sizes newborn to size eight
let's get started with the supplemental
video tutorial now
for our ruffled pillowcase dress here
are the different pieces of fabric that
you'll need we have these two big chunks
here that are going to be for the front
and the back of the dress and the
pattern we referred to this is fabric a
these strips here are fabric B this one
here is the ruffle Fabric and then these
ones here are going to be for our
shoulder
ties after you follow the specific
cutting directions for the front and the
back of the dress you know based on the
size that you chose to make it um what
you're going to do next is then follow
my step-by-step instructions to to
finish both the front and the back of
the dress and what I mean by that is
that you're going to create this casing
which is where our shoulder ties are
going to go through and then you're also
going to hem both arm holes so once you
do that to both of these pieces just go
ahead and set them aside now we're going
to get ready to work on making our
ruffle so these are the strips that I'll
be using to make my Ruffles and you want
to make sure that you're cutting your
strips um to whatever length as it
corresponds to the size of the dress
that you're working on based on the
chart that I have in my pattern and
remember again those cover sizes newborn
to size eight and girlss so I'm just
about ready make sure that you actually
prep these the way it says in the
pattern so you can get them ready for
sewing which is what I'm going to do
next so we can start ruffling these up
so to start your ruffle the first thing
you want to do is pull out maybe about 8
in of thread from your sewing machine
you're going to need these Tails cuz
that's what you'll be pulling on to
ruffle your fabric then you're going to
choose the longest straight Stitch that
you can choose we call it sometimes a
basting stitch basically you want the
stitches to be nice and long and then
we're going to start at the beginning
and you're not going to reverse Stitch
make sure that you don't back stitch you
want these thread ends to be at where we
start and where we end on the other end
of the strip you want them to be
completely loose and not knotted in so
I'm going to stitch about a/4 of an inch
away from the raw
Edge when you get to the end this is
another important part you want to lift
your presser foot up and don't clip the
threads right here again leave that
about 8 in or so at the end cuz you're
again you're going to need those threads
so I'll clip it around here and that's
what you want it to look like the
stitches be nice and long and you don't
want it tied off on either end after you
Stitch that first line of stitching
we're going to repeat the exact same
thing about a/4 of an inch inwards from
that previous stitching line so again
I'm going to come here and pull out 6 to
8 in or so I'm going to get these
threads out of the way cuz I don't want
to stitch over these ones
either and then with the same long
basting stitch stitch again again when
we get to the end you're going to stop
and pull out leave a little bit of a
tail and then clip your threads so your
ruffle strip should look something like
this so here's the fun part where we
actually start ruffling our strips what
you want to do is locate out of the four
threads that you have on one on either
end here you want to locate the bobin
thread so if I ran this through my
machine this way my top thread will be
here and then when you flip it you'll
have the bobin thread on the back and
that's what you want to locate separate
these four threads two on the front and
two on the back so you're going to tug
on the two that are in the back by
themselves and notice what I'm doing I'm
just going to feet pull on this while I
help the fabric gather here and I start
evenly
Distributing the gathers okay throughout
the whole ruffle and kind of just slide
it along and as you pull the entire
thing will start Gathering and the
reason for that is because the stitching
is not that tight because we use that
long straight Stitch that basting stitch
and it's going to allow us to gather
this up the important thing is not to
tug on these two front threads you just
want to pull on one on the bobin thread
in the back and start Distributing your
gathers and then you're just going to
keep doing this until you end up with
the ruffle that you want and that
measures the exact measurement that I
tell you in the pattern for the specific
size dress that you're working on once
you finish gathering up your ruffle what
I like to do is go to my ironing board
hit it with a little starch and really
press it in place so that the Ruffles
lay nice and flat this makes the whole
strip a lot easier for you to deal with
once you get it down to the length
that's required for your fabric B piece
what you're going to do is just follow
the instructions it tells you lay one of
the fabric B pieces with the pretty side
of the fabric facing up then I'm going
to lay my ruffle on it with the raw
edges of the ruffle lining up with one
of the sides of the raw edges of my
fabric B strip what I'm going to do here
and notice that the ruffle curves a
little bit you just got to work with it
line it up so that the raw edges match
just like that you're going to pin this
in place and then you're going to stitch
on your sewing machine with a basic
straight Stitch 1/4 of an inch from The
Edge just to secure this ruffle to one
of your fabric B
pieces now that your ruffle is nice and
secure to your fabric B piece you can go
ahead and clip away any extra threads
that you may have okay since that's not
going to be unraveling anytime soon and
you can move on to the next
step so your next step is to take your
other fabric B strip and lay it on top
of your ruffle with the pretty side
facing down so you're making a sandwich
with the ruffle inside you're going to
line it up with this raw edge here pin
it in place and then use the Stitch and
the seam allowance that the pattern
tells you to use and you're going to
stitch this entire edge
up once your ruffle is complete the next
step is to add it to the body of the
dress I haven't quite gone through all
the steps in this video right here but
my pattern walks you through everything
remember we always use French seams so
you get that clean look on both the
inside and the outside of the dress here
you can see what the front or the back
of the dress will look look like once
it's completed I use a different fabric
here from the ruffle you can keep this
the same as I did in this other little
dress here you see it's the same panel
and the same ruffle you can do that you
can switch it up if you want but all the
different cutting measurements are
mentioned in my pattern and the next
step will be to complete the other side
of the dress then you're going to attach
them both together here using French
seams again and now all we have left to
show you is how to make the coordinating
shoulder straps out of a fabric of your
choice
so we've taken our strip based on the
cutting measurements mentioned in the
pattern to create the shoulder straps
and here we've prepped it according to
the diagram shown in the pattern next
thing you want to do is take it to your
sewing machine and using just a basic
straight Stitch you want to stitch real
nice and close to this open Edge all the
way down now the pattern tells you to
cut two of the strips this length or
whatever length corresponds to the
specific size dress that you're working
on but keep in mind that if you don't
want to have two separate stri shoulder
straps one tying above each shoulder you
can also combine the two strips and make
one really long strap so that you can
send it all the way through and have it
tie just above one shoulder like this
little dress
does so in this
dress we made a wider strap which you
can always tweak the measurements to
whatever your liking is but notice it
goes through the casing all the way
around and then both ends just tie over
one shoulder so you can also so do it
that way if that's what you want but
once you're done stitching this up then
you just run it through the casing of
your dress and your ruffled pillowcase
dress is complete thanks for watching
the supplemental video tutorial for my
new ruffled pillowcase dress to purchase
the pattern and all the step-by-step
instructions including the charts for
both the fabric requirements and The
Cutting requirements for sizes newborn
to size eight you can check out the
pattern and purchase it on my website at
crafty gemini.com if you're not aware I
also sell the pattern with the
step-by-step instructions to my more
basic pillowcase dress which is a great
beginner project