welcome I'm Robin an Ray from keto
Aromas your virtual Aroma therapist
today I'm sharing with you one of the
recipes from our K to Aromas recipes for
your Young Living premium starter kit
this is a recipe booklet that is
provided complimentary to all of our
members who sign up via the step-by-step
process at Robin and.com how to order if
you already have your essential oils
welcome let's go through how to make a
bug spray today we are making a bug
spray I've already labeled the bottle it
says bug spray and it has water which
I've already pre-measured witch hazel
thieves lavender peppermint and
purification all these essential oils
come in your premium starter kit so to
get started I have my 1 oz of distilled
water and to that I'm going to add my my
witch hazel again that's going to be 1
oz so we're doing equal
parts 1 oz is 30
ml and we're going to add that to the
bottle excellent the next thing I'm
going to do is measure out three drops
each of the essential oils opening a new
container of purification cuz I just
finished the other bottle that I have so
we're going to do 1 two
three again like with all of our recipes
if you get one more or one less it's not
going to change the therapeutic quality
of the product that you're
making the peppermint is on its way out
but I'm going to be able to get a few
more drops
out so there we
go and I'll have to clean out that
bottle and reuse it the next one I'm
going to add is the L
lavender and we've got three drops of
lavender the next one is
thieves such valuable essential oils
that come in the premium starter kit
it's awesome um the other thing I'm
going to add that you don't have to add
and quite honestly I just started using
it it's a dispersement so you can just
shake it up and then use it but this is
going just help the essential oils to
disperse in the
water um it's a product that you can
purchase online if you decide to
otherwise you'll just want to give it a
really good shake before you use it to
make sure the essential oils are
dispersed throughout the bug spray so
you can give it a shake make sure it's
all well Blended and when you're ready
just spray it on it smell really good
hopefully the bugs will want to stay
away if you found value in this product
this video or these suggestions please
feel free to share it sharing
inspiration from my Essential Oil
collection to yours