hey guys welcome to another episode of
the delicious cooking series now we're
about to kick start the kick series
Edition and I'm about to show you how to
make one very mouth watching in very
sumptuous cake recipe so today guys I'm
going to show you how to make a fruit
cake now this is one of my absolute
favorite cake recipes I'm gonna show you
my twist to make it first let me
introduce you to the incurred in what
this recipe you'd need four cups of
raisins two cups of light brown sugar
half a cup of my dream two teaspoons of
ground ginger two teaspoons of ground
cinnamon 1 teaspoon of ground cloves 1
teaspoon of salt 2 cups of Miletus
sparkling for drink or large eggs 3 cups
of all-purpose flour 2 teaspoons of
baking soda the zest and juice of 2
oranges the zest of one lemon 1 cup of
almond nuts and 2 teaspoons of vanilla
extract so guys before we go into the
cooking process if you haven't subscribe
to the channel yet what are you waiting
for go ahead and hit the subscribe
button down below so that you can get
instant notification and ephah I upload
a new video so many so many videos to
terrace of your favorite guys you guys
are not even ready for what happened to
happen so go ahead and subscribe now ok
so that you can get all you can get
alerted whenever I upload a new video ok
so moving right into the baking process
now this is not cooking baking but first
we have to do a little bit of cooking on
the stove over here and I have a
medium-sized saucepan pots and I'm going
to transfer my raisins remember we're
making a fruitcake and a free kick of
crabs so many ways on lots of fruits so
I have some raisins here that I'm gonna
transfer into the pots and I'm going to
also throw in all of my brown sugar now
the reason I'm doing this is because I
want the raisins to become moist so that
they don't dry out in the bake in the
oven while I'm baking them this process
actually
helps them still really moist and all
the flavors are infused all the flavors
of the Germany the sugar the I'm also
going to throw in some ginger here this
is ginger powder this is ground cloves I
always like to use ground cloves to make
my pretty kitty it makes a whole lot of
difference and this is some cedar money
see the money actually favorite bacon
ingredient and over here I have some
salt as well
this is baking soda it's gonna go in
next so getting going later
okay so anyway I'm also going to throw
in some my dream now you can use water
for this if you have towards that but I
have my dream tent and I wanted to just
melt right into the whole mixture
everything is just going to go in
there's no waste in my kitchen and then
afterwards what I'm going to do is throw
in my the letter spackling first drink
now what I usually do when I'm making my
fruitcake is add water to this but I
found that using the balance of
sparkling front drain actually helps um
it actually blends more rootsy flavor to
the whole fruitcake so it's one reason
what's up
why not bump things up a little bit and
add some lettuce buckland Frederick cool
right and the best part is halfway I've
been sleeping and sleeping economy said
I wasn't gonna sleep it for that I
couldn't control myself something
subpoena subpoena subpoena written as we
got here it's that good throwing in
about two cups of the let's of drink I
can already tell this school is super
young supposed to be young and then just
keep this on here so whatever just a hit
to meet your note
I'll step things around in the pots
oh boy I already liked what I see and
I'll bring it to a gentle light simmer
for about five to seven minutes
everything whatever you got put it into
each other and then I'll come back and
show you what's it do next okay so I'm
just going to transfer all of this into
this mixing bowl right here a lot of fun
with this platter
everything's just going to go right in
remember I said there is no waste in my
kitchen
it's creeping out the whole pots and I
will just leave this to cool on my
countertop for about five to ten minutes
hopefully has no steam doesn't even have
to cool completely but just until the
steam goes away a quicker faster way to
get this down is just take the entire
mixing bowl and place it in your freezer
or refrigerator cool it down really
faster so let's get that done and come
back and show you what's at the next and
another way to actually get it cool -
cool really faster just keep on Sperry
stare it continuously but if you don't
have the time you can use the freezer
method that works - okay guys so this
has been cooling for a while now and I
think it's just perfect for me
I'm gonna continue with the whole
process anyway I have some vanilla
essence you can use the extract if you
have if you like the extract is a whole
lot um it's more concentrated but this
is just the essence that's what I could
find everything just goes in and then
I'm going to throw in some eggs I have
four eggs here that have opened
I'll just give it a hoodie with so
combine and I think that's just a little
ways
okay that's done and I'll transfer
everything right into this mixing bowl
as well and this is why you have to
allow the resin mixture to cool down
completely before you continue if not if
you put your egg here it's gonna cook it
you have all next or scrambled eggs it's
from an expert cake and you don't want
that so you have to allow it to cool
down completely so I'll just continue
stirring this around so thoroughly mix
it together okay okay okay so next up
guys I'm going to throw in some orange
zest now this is the zest of an orange
it's just the outer part of the orange I
used a grater so just grate it or you
can use a zester as well if you have
that but it's just the outer parts of
the orange and this lens and already a
punk orange label so this fruitcake so
this will go on and over here as well I
also have the zest of a lemon
remember that this is a lots of hats of
a citrus for it so this is this is the
lemon and all of this is going to go in
as well also learn blend nice
concentrated lemon taste to this and
here I have the juice of an orange
everything's gonna go right in but I'm
not going to put the juice of the lemon
juice of the orange you know steadies
around so combine it almost there guys
who's there now so people are drawn to
the fruit cake recipe now the wrong is
alcoholic and some people don't like to
add it but Rome is actually helps us a
form of preservative like for you to run
in the cake lasts for a longer period of
time but some people avoided the kid was
still lasts but not for me not for so
long but it will still stay for maybe
about two to three weeks but if not
three month in well preserved in the
refrigerator
for the sake of this recipe I'm not
going to add any one because I don't
want anything interfering with my
paletas sparkling or drink yes I said
it's so your mom is gonna go in here I'm
gonna keep it playing and also I'm going
to be giving this so my little nephew
Sonny and I don't think I won't seem
having some alcohol as his age
okay so everything goes in next up it's
time to bring in the flour remember I
have the baking soda over here you're
just gonna transpire with my flour
mixture and then I'll steadies around
with my spatula just to combine the
baking soda and the flour and then
afterwards my flour has already been
sifted with the fine sear so afterwards
I'm just going to transfer the flour
into the dough raisin mixture and it's
just a matter of tossing this all so mix
it together and this will form our fruit
cake batter so just mixing it up my
folding its aim I'll drop the spatula
fold its aim it will take a little while
but you just have to have little
patience I always get to do this by hand
and I don't have to use the hand mixer
okay so I think it's completely
incorporated now what I'm going to do
next is add some nuts now I've made this
recipe without the nuts and I'm ready
with their nuts
I like the both of them but I think I
prefer it with the nuts but you can
totally omit it if you do not like nuts
in your cake but I like to have that
crunchy bite we're not doing the cake so
using some almond nuts you can use
whatever other kind of nuts that you
prefer
so I've chopped up some I'm not and I'm
transferring anything and also in your
batter you can add some candy some fruit
candy I didn't find any other
supermarkets so I'm not gonna add to
this recipe but you can add if you find
at the grocery store
okay so just got
rich butter guys he already looks good
just as is what do you think so maybe by
surprise this attack though I like my
fruitcake very duck I know that effort
cakes that are lighter but I think I
prefer mine darker that's the whole
aesthetic in my opinion I think
fruitcake is supposed to be darker if
it's not dark if nothing to kick its
ugly weeds Iijima
- Jokke i should say oh no different
cakes i know are very light and i like
that is not pretty cake that is the
contraband version ok so that's all
incorporated now I'm going to transfer
and now before I continue I must add
that my oven has already preheated to
350 degrees Fahrenheit that's about 107
5 degrees centigrade so you have to get
the open preheated first before you
start entire process so that opens
hearts and over here I have a baking pan
that I have coated with some oil now you
can use parchment paper if you have that
when you can use cooking spray but I
don't have the parchment paper on I
don't have the cleanest person I'm using
some oil can you do it what I have don't
judge me
so I'm just going to transfer all of
this into the baking pan
look at that lushness guys I can already
tell that this fruitcake is gonna be
perfect
even without seeing the end product so
as always I'm gonna scrape out all of it
you see that the reasons I'm not
thinking Sudan and ground up the batter
also dr. so the bottom of the pot you
can see that just onion it does exactly
how it's gonna be after it's ready
baked ok and it's already leveled just
mean on the level is a bit so that it
comes out you can see height and that's
it guys it's all a matter of baking this
for about 45 minutes to 50 minutes in a
350 degrees Fahrenheit to heated oven
come back I'll show you what's it to
next or what it looks like after baking
okay guys I took out the cake from the
oven and I allowed it to cool down
completely for about five minutes then I
took it out of the pan and place it on
my cooling rack and allowed it to
continue to cool for a further 20
minutes or until it's cool enough to
handle Wow here we have their food cake
I got a slice just to show you all how
love B it looks and how beautiful it
looks so now you know how to make a
fruit cake and if you're ever going to
recreate this recipe this kindly send me
your pictures and with Instagram Twitter
and Facebook as delicious foods I love
to see your creations that make me so so
happy I'll see you again next time on
another beautiful cake recipe until then
remember to be very kind to one another
thank you guys
[Music]