[Music]
so what we're going to do is go ahead
and start our trimming process what we
have is just a regular um frying chicken
you can pick these up at you know
Alberton Safeway wherever you're you're
picking up your chicken you might want
to experiment with different brands we
find that there are some brands of
chicken that we won't use and others
that we really like and you'll figure
that out as you go through the cooking
process and and you have your finished
product um you'll be able to understand
and know which branded chicken you like
the best so starting off with with our
uh whole fryer what we're going to do is
we're going to go ahead and Butterfly it
first thing we're going to do is turn it
breast side
down so you're going to have the back of
the chicken now when you look at the
back of the chicken you're going to have
the tail here you have the neck and the
front towards towards the camera here
what I'm going to do is you look on the
back and you're going to see this yellow
streak right here right down the back
back you're going to want to try and
stay right within this outline on the
back of the chicken as you're trimming
it so what I'm going to do is go ahead
and take my poultry shears and I'm just
going to follow that natural line going
down the back of the chicken and what
I'm doing is I'm just basically taking
the backbone of the chicken
out having the poultry shears makes this
so much easier when you're trying to get
through the skin of the chicken and
trying to get all this stuff going in
the process of what you're
doing so same thing what we're going to
do here is go ahead and go right down
the back of the chicken
again don't worry chicken's dead you
hear the crunching and stuff like that
it's not going to hurt
you so this the other reason why you
have your knife is when you have some of
this fat doesn't want to clear out of
the way
you just go ahead and cut it away so
what we have here is the back of the
chicken all right so what we're going to
do is go ahead and discard that we're
not going to need that
anymore which then opens up our
chicken I'm going to do is put the
poultry Sears to the side here so when
you look at this you're going to see a
lot of areas of this chicken that needs
to be trimmed up you're going to move
this fat that's hanging here we're going
to trim that up a little bit but before
we start doing that I want you to look
inside the chicken here you have this
little white Mark that you'll see right
here all right this is called the Keel
bone or the breast bone and the chicken
the difference between butterflying a
chicken and spatch coocking a chicken is
simply removing this bone so what we're
going to do is we're going to go ahead
and remove that and do the spatchcock if
I'm going to Butterfly I'd leave it just
like it is if you go and you talk to
butchers and stuff like that they're
going to tell tell you uh the difference
between it the reason why we take that
bone out is that you're going to be able
to do a lot more with this chicken
you're going to be able to cause it to
lay flat like you want it on the grill
and it's also going to help with your
cooking time a whole chicken putting it
in there like a beer can chicken or
something is going to take a lot more
time than it is laying this flat inside
the grill so in order to remove this
Keel bone what I'm going to do is come
up right to that white that white Mark
there and what I'm going to do is I'm
going to go ahead and cut through that a
little bit
okay so then what I'm going to do to
remove that bone is going ahead and
taking the back of the the chicken and
going ahead and push it all right now
you're going to see this little guide
just run your fingers through
it same thing on the other
side just come in there run your fingers
through
it
so you can see that there's your Keel
bone once you do that it's simply
grabbing it at the top and pulling it
away from you and you'll take the whole
bone out in one
piece what that did was now you can see
the difference in that chicken now it's
laying totally flat for me so now I'm
going to be able to get my rub evenly
distributed throughout the chicken it's
going to make it easier to trim it but
the big thing is is getting our rub in
there and getting our flavor and
seasoning into this chicken so what I'm
going to do now is just go ahead and
grab these pieces of
fat go ahead and remove them from the
chicken always cutting away from your
body the other thing that you can do
with this too is any pieces of fat that
you see that you don't like any pieces
of the chicken that you don't feel are
going to be edible throughout this
cooking process this is really good time
to go ahead and remove those
pieces the other thing that I like
about spatchcocking the
chicken is that it gives me the
opportunity if I want
to if I have a smoker that's smaller
than the one that I'm using now I can go
ahead and cut right down the middle of
this chicken and I can have two halves
of the chicken and I can manipulate it
inside the smoker so it doesn't doesn't
take up as much space but this is as
simple as it gets right there now you
can take this you can take the wings you
can tuck them underneath if you want
under the skin or you can just leave
them the way that they are we usually
leave them the way they are and we'll
cook it just like
this now what we can do is you can rinse
off the chicken before you apply the rub
just to clean it out really good A lot
of people what they can do as well is if
you're wanting to this would be the
perfect time you can remove the
remainder of these rib bones that are in
here you can remove a lot of the bones
that are in here and just feel with your
fingers where they're at and start
slicing them out to make a boneless
chicken you can put stuff inside of it
you can tie it up you can put it on the
smoker so there's a lot of multitude of
things that you can do with this but for
today what we're going to do is we're
going to focus on butterfly chicken so
the thing we'll do next is we'll go
ahead and season up our birds and get
them ready for the
smoker a