[Music]
morning guys and gals froggy here what
I'm going to show you today is how to
touch up paint on your
car uh this is
a
Alexus it's an is to
IS300
2004 it's got a lot of road
[Applause]
rash I don't know if it'll show on the
camera yeah I think that big one will
right there where my little finger's
pointing uh it's got a lot
of right right there got a lot of spots
so what I've got is
some Lexus SL Toyota touchup paint uh
this is going to be
a not not a
really high level touchup they have some
multi-step process where you do about
five or six different things and if I
had a Ferrari or Lamborghini I might use
that system but this is going to be just
a quick touchup so that it it gets rid
of those little specks that you can't
stand um what you need to do is uh I I
suggest go to a dealer and get the
touchup paint um that matches your VIN
number that takes all the guessing guess
work out of it there are also some uh
touchup paint companies online you can
go to and they probably do a pretty good
match but um it's really convenient to
get it at the dealer and it's it's fresh
stock and uh your choice okay your
choice I've always used a dealer paint
now this is a touch-up paint
um device that has both a brush and and
it's like a ballpoint pen uh let me show
you the
um comes set up with the ballpoint pen
there but you have to open this up and
you have to take out the and there's an
insert uh and in this case it's an
orange colored insert I'm going to try
and do as much as I can one handed
here there's the brush right there
that's for bigger areas I put that down
there now if you want the paint to
flow to the ball Point part you have to
take this orange piece off and I'll need
two hands to do that and by taking the
orange piece out you're going to let the
paint that's in the bottle flow to the
ballpoint tip um most of what I'm going
to do is U going to going to use the
ballpoint tip there's a couple of big
spots in the front that I'll try to
brush on uh so take out that orange
insert put this back
[Music]
together let's see if I can screw on
there
[Music]
onehanded yeah and now when I take it
upside
down there you can see the paint you can
see the paint flowing right there and
what you need to
do before you start dabbing up the paint
let's get some paint thinner I I tried
some acetone and the acetone was too
aggressive I actually rubbed it on one
of the little
spots um let me there were a couple of
spots here there's one and there was one
up here and I rubbed the acetone on
there and it actually started melting
the paint and it covered up the first
spot that first spot up there which is
kind of cool but really ASD acone is
too uh too aggressive um it dissolves
too quickly uh so I switch to paint
thinner uh you could use lacquer thinner
um they're very similar and you just
want to wipe it with a little paint
thinner to clean it and to get a grippy
Surface for where you're going to touch
up so let me do that okay I've just got
a a paper towel you can use a rag also
and just just two quick dabs on that
spot there
and I'm going to put that down I'm going
to get
my Ballo
pen right here and you want to make very
[Music]
small bring back memories of aquet it's
a of flow it on there very easily aquet
andity do not many other hair products
do we it's joa hello now sometimes the
uh the end will dry up I think it might
have dried up on this so I'm going to
dab it in the paint thinner uh to get it
flowing again okay now it's working you
have to actually press down it's not
really like a ballpoint pen where you
it's a roller ball I'm pressing down and
it's spring loaded on the end now you
can see I covered up that chip that was
right there that's from somebody opening
the door
into a vehicle
or a shopping cart or something that was
next to the
car a couple more spots down here what
I'm doing is I'm starting on an area
that doesn't show up that much and the
last area that I'm going to do is the
hood cuz the hood is the part that shows
up the
most there's one more spot right there
and uh new pair I think you can see it
on the camera credit card Noe how about
the car loan which she used to get her
four wheeel Drive still no the real
reason is that quite frankly Maria is
very shy and she just got word that her
missionfed home loan is approved and she
needed some place with nobody around
where she could appropriately react to
the
news I did there I've got it
covered um so I'm not going to show you
every single spot that I do but I just
wanted to show
you the two ends of the the paint
touchup system that I've got I wanted to
explain to you how to clean the area
that you're going to touch up first with
the paint thinner and then just applying
it by pressing down on the ball and the
brush when you use the brush you want to
take the excess off there you don't want
a great big
dripping blob of paint on the end of the
brush you want to apply it
lightly and I will show you that in a in
a few moments uh so that's the use of
the pen I'm going to go find out find
another section of the car this paint is
going to drive very fast U so um you
don't really have to worry about it uh
just try to find all the little spots
and touch them up what I'm finding is I
go around the car and I'm not I'm not
going to be able to really show it to
you but you you'll find some bigger
spots and some little little spots and
then bigger and then little so what I do
is when when I come to a big spot I'll
just unscrew the cap and use the brush
on the big spot and then when I move
around to a little spot I put the brush
back in and I use the the Ballo tip so
just alternating between those two the
brush for the bigger spots and the
ballpoint tip for the little tiny spots
uh just be patient take your time get
yourself a soda or beer and uh put some
music on and work your way around the
car okay I had to move the car so I can
reach the other side and I did
everything
from
the front driver door back driver door
and the bump strip there had a couple of
really it's it's like a plastic bump
strip under the paint and uh so it shows
up very white it's a white plastic
uh uh under the paint uh so that came
out really nice you can't see it it
was
it was right
there and it looks nice now I didn't
wash the car beforehand because I didn't
want to have any wet spots the this is
not water-based paint so I didn't want
any wet spots that would um interfere
with the adhesion of the paint I'm going
to go around the other side and do the
passenger side both of the doors um and
working my way towards the hood area
which is the big job here's a big one on
this uh this is the passenger side rear
door um so I'll give you a before and
after there's the before and here's the
after the spot that I did was right
there now when you use and I use the
brush when you use the
brush you're probably going to get a
little more paint on than what you want
now what you could do afterwards after
this dries a few days is go back and use
some really light sandpaper to get the
excess paint
off
um there's a technique called wet
sanding where you actually use
water um and a very fine grid of
sandpaper I'm not going to get into that
to this for this car um because it's a
lot of work and like I said if it was a
Porsche Ferrari then i' I'd probably go
for it but this is a just a nice Lexus
and um we're just touching up the big
spots uh from 5T away it's going to look
like a like a terrific brand new paint
job okay now I'm on the front and what
I'm using here is a flashlight a bright
flashlight and my
thumbnail and
sometimes these marks will be chips and
sometimes there'll be a piece of
contamination on the surface so what you
want want to do is rub your thumbnail
over each one of these little
things and if it rubs off then it's not
a chip if your nail catches in the hole
then it's a
chip take your uh cleaner clean it off
quickly and then hit it with the brush
or with the paint end whichever one is
appropriate uh depending on uh the size
of it okay when you work in the hood
start up high and then work down low
obviously so you don't have to drag your
hand and your arm over the stuff that
you've already touched up so touch up
high then bring it down like that what
I'm finding with the pen tip
is just don't don't try to write with it
but dab with it just like press it down
in little multiple
presses um and the paint will flow out
and you'll feel the um
fill the spots better than trying to
like draw a line with it let me see if I
can give you a little shot of of just
how how easy it
is I'm using the pen tip and I've got a
bunch of
little white spots here I hope you can
see I'm just hitting
[Music]
them your procedure Shar Memorial which
offers recuperation in a private room
and a special level of care compassion
we call the there's nothing that's hard
that's hard about this surgal weight L
seminar yeah that one looked like it was
just a piece of dirt here's about five
or six
dots just punch little light punch there
just enough to make it disappear with
certified butchers in every store get
customized handcut meat seasoned just
the way you like
Jazz up your salad with fral
CCE here's friendly
cerice see if I can show you this one
there okay there's a a long scratch
there let me see if I can show you
filling that
in low 10 for $5 for select 4 to 6 o
varieties plus right now get 30% off
when you purchase
just little dots just hitting it with
little
dots it'll look a little lumpy at
first but number one that's better than
what it looked like before which was
uh
white sand blasted look and the paint
will flatten out a little
bit and then if you go over this and wax
it a few times with something that has a
Polish compound in there that'll take it
down a little bit too especially if you
use a machine I use a dual action or
random random dual action orbital
polisher
um it will wear the high spots down on
your
touch-ups now you look at that from the
other side it's pretty much
invisible A lot of it depends on the
angle you look at at it
from
[Music]
[Applause]
I'm pretty happy with this
touchup okay that's going to wrap it up
for the touchup on the uh 2004 black
IS300 so what did we learn we learned uh
don't use acetone um to clean up the the
scratch spots because it's too strong uh
probably lack of thinner would be your
best thing I used paint thinner that was
pretty good um I think lack of thinner
evaporates a little quicker than break
than paint thinner uh what else did we
learn use a little dabbing
dotting uh Strokes of the the top of the
applicator that looks like a ballpoint
pen for the little spots and then use
the brush for the big spots and you can
alternate them as you go around the car
the car looks uh much much better it's
not perfect uh perfect would be to take
the panels off and uh bring them to a
paint shop and and spray paint them uh
so uh this car has never been touched up
before so it's about 8 years old so
that's 8 years of uh freeway grit
hitting the front of the car um so if
you do this every year you won't have
that much work to do took me about uh an
hour going slow uh being
careful and
uh it may take you more or less
depending on uh the condition of the
pain so if this helps you out at all
give uh give me a thumbs up you want
more from froggy subscribe to my channel
it's free froggy out bye-bye