before you begin any cleaning projects
with your troy-bilt pressure washer
thoroughly read your operator's manual
for all instructions and warnings it is
very important to operate outdoors and
never inside of a building or enclosure
even if windows and doors are open
always remember running engines give off
carbon monoxide an odorless colorless
and poisonous gas breathing it in could
result in death serious injury nausea or
fainting make sure you have installed
battery-operated carbon monoxide alarms
inside your home and that all are in
proper working order smoke alarms cannot
detect carbon monoxide gas to reduce the
risk of fire give the pressure washer at
least 5 feet of clearance on all sides
including overhead always wear proper
safety goggles when cleaning or in the
vicinity of you're running pressure
washer pressure washers pose a risk of
eye injury as the spray could splash
back or propel objects before starting
the engine put on your goggles connect
all hoses and turn on the water supply
with the spray gun pointed in a safe
direction push the red trigger lock and
pull the trigger until steady water
comes out purging releases air from the
system
you should never pull the starter cord
without relieving the spray gun pressure
first attach the nozzle extension to the
spray gun and attach a spray tip you may
have to twist or lightly tug on it so
that it snaps into place for ready start
engines no need to prime or choke it
simply turn the switch on the engine
side to the on position for other
engines turn the fuel valve to the on
position pull the choke rod to the
closed or choke position and move the
engine stop switch to the on position be
aware that the cord could kick back kick
back pulls your hand and arm toward the
engine faster than you can let go which
could cause injury
for this reason slowly pull until you
feel resistance and then rapidly pull to
start
if starting fails release high-pressure
from the gun and try to start again once
started slowly move choke to the open
position as the engine warms if it
falters close and reopen the choke for
ready start engines skip this step when
you are ready to clean firmly grasp the
spray gun pointed towards the dirty
surface push trigger lock button and
pull the trigger to begin to change the
spray tip release the trigger which will
automatically re-engage the trigger lock
and switch out the tip depending on your
model you will have up to five of the
following spray tips a red zero Degree
high-pressure tip for maximum rinsing on
stubborn items or hard-to-reach surfaces
a yellow 15 degree high-pressure tip for
general rinsing or most all-purpose
cleaning such as home siding or brick
patios a green 25 degree spray tip for
general rinsing and ideal for most
all-purpose cleaning such as home siding
decks and driveways a white 40 degree
high-pressure tip for a delicate rinse
or gentle cleaning such as patio
furniture RVs or boats a black tip for
applying detergent a cyan zero Degree
jet flushed it for quick high flow for
long reach cleaning a magenta
low-pressure jet soap tip for quick high
flow cleanup and long reach cleaning of
second-story applications cleaning is
most effective when the spray tip is
eight to twenty four inches away from
the surface if the spray tip gets too
close especially with a high-pressure
tip you may damage the surface to ensure
that the spray will not cause damage
test a small area if there is no damage
continue cleaning when using detergent
be sure to pick the right detergent for
the surface pour detergent into the
cleaning tank to apply use the black or
pink spray tip to rinse off the
detergent install a high-pressure spray
tip when you are finished using the
detergent remove the siphoning tube from
the cleaning tack
you need to flush out the pump by
running plain water through for one
minute with a high flow nozzle setting
to stop the washer let the engine idle
for two minutes for ready start engines
after idling push the switch to the off
position to stop the engine for other
engines move the throttle lever then the
fuel shutoff valve to the off position
turn off the water supply relieve
pressure and leftover water by pulling
the spray gun trigger let the engine
cool disconnect the hoses and empty the
pump of all water by pulling the recoil
handle about six times this should
remove most water in the pump store in a
cool dry place if you have any questions
we can help simply call our customer
service toll-free at