hi I'm Chef ceser welcome to learn
cook.com today I'm going to show you how
to cook cheso cheso is very popular uh
type of sausage that's uh made in Mexico
they also have a Green version some
states in Mexico they use uh green
chilies instead of red chilies to mix in
the meat so the ches itself is actually
green but the flavors are pretty similar
today we're going to cook chizo it's a
it's a red chizo I like to buy this at a
supermarket the homemade fresh sometimes
it's better cuz they make it like
homemade it's not as it's greasy they
don't add a lot of fat like the one you
fine process that they make in the you
know B quantities so I like to uh buy
this a natural casing as well sometimes
the one you bu the stor is comes in the
plastic wrap this uh it's a natural
casing sometimes like they also dry this
which is flavor is more intense but this
uh fresh today we're going to cook fresh
toizo you do you want to cut a Cas in
the sharp
knife that way be easy to take out of
here
there you go going to go over to the
sauté pan we're going to cook it in the
stove tub in the sauté
pan now we have our sauté Pan the stove
you want to turn it low heat we're going
to put our sausage Oro sausage in there
going to squeeze it out from here so you
can see comes out really
easy we want to add a little of water so
it doesn't start to stick to the pan
the water is going to evaporate anyway
so
at this point want to start to like
break it down
as you can see it breaks really easy
when you're like
cooking and you can add whatever you
want to the chesa you can use it in many
different ways you can make quesadillas
you can use it with scramble eggs and
you can add more ingredients to this if
you want today I'm going to make some
Empanada uh with cheso so I'm going to
add some onions and garlic when I'm
cooking right now so I can uh use it is
my stuffing my empanadas
oh this smells
great like I said before I'm going to
use ciza to make some Empanada so I want
to add some extra ingredients to this
which is
garlic and some
onions like I said before you can use T
it any way you like it today I made it
into an empanada I stuff an empanada and
uh this is the end results and like I
said you can uh use chesa with a
scramble eggs or cillas or whatever your
your dish requires uh thank you for
joining me today I see you next
time well thanks for joining us today at
learnto cook.com be sure to comment and
to subscribe also visit us on Facebook
and Twitter have a great day and thank
you
[Music]