I love a clean and simple kitchen but
sometimes the statement window treatment
can add in a WOW factor and it's a great
opportunity to add in some color or some
pattern a faux window treatment is
perfect for a kitchen and it's a really
simple do-it-yourself project start by
taking some measurements of your window
to figure out how much fabric you'll
need plan for about a half yard more
than the size of your window we're going
to do an inside mount
so I'm measuring the inside of my window
in both directions I chose a fabric with
a modern pattern to draw your eye to the
window but not overwhelm the space lay
your fabric out on a clean surface with
a drop cloth underneath and measure the
size of your window make two marks the
exact size of your window and the extra
half inch all the way around cut your
fabric on the sides and the bottom
there's no need to cut the top of the
fabric since it will be used for the
tension rod pocket using an iron fold
over the edge and iron to make a clean
line on the sides and the bottom now
make sure there's a drop cloth under
your fabric the fabric glue can seep
through apply a strip of fabric glue
under the fold then gently press down
for the top create a pocket for a
tension rod that will anchor the curtain
at the top of the window when the hem is
finished and the glue has dried
installing your tension rods with the
fabric one at the top of the window and
the other about a third of the way down
drape your fabric over the lower tension
rod to create two pleats then adjust so
it's even and voila you're done this is
a great solution for a Roman shade
without that custom price tag and you
can create this beautiful window
treatment in an afternoon