before this video starts I just wanted
to remind you guys that it is kidney
cancer awareness month and I've
challenged you guys to raise $1,000 now
in the first day you guys raised over
$600 for cancer awareness which is
unbelievable so we're only 400 dollars
actually more like 300 dollars away from
our goal now the easiest way to donate
is to support my friends over driven to
cure who are raising awareness for rare
forms of kidney cancer if you do donate
to cancer this month make sure to take a
screenshot and send it to ignition tube
cares at gmail.com what that donation
will get you is access to a Facebook
group where I'm posting sneak peeks of
stuff that I've done this for before
anybody else on the internet sees it so
hope you guys will join me in spreading
cancer awareness and spreading awareness
about rare forms of kidney cancer and I
hope you guys enjoy the video today we
have our subject mr. Palin over here we
have Palin's si which is a little bit
dirty it's not super dirty and it's
silver so it kind of hides them this is
gonna this is gonna be a controversial
video but we're doing it anyway we're
talking through the do's and don'ts of
the touchless car wash I said we're also
using a guy that clearly doesn't wash
his car so how does the watch this card
very often so I'm gonna teach him every
car wash is different but the main
settings that I'm really gonna worry
about our soap and rinse and then maybe
spot free although I'm not convinced
that this actually does anything in the
most car washes so wheel and tire
cleaner I mean you can use it but it's
gonna get on your paint that's not gonna
be great for your paint bug off
obviously has to be kind of harsh I
don't know if I would put that on my
paint pretty soak is just basically soap
from what I understand then you have
soap that really doesn't do that much I
think the main usage of that soap is
kind of lets you see around your car
where you've gotten with the power
washer once so then you go around again
with the rinse and clean it off but I
don't think soap actually does anything
because you're not rubbing it into the
paint now what you can do is use this
setting which is foam brush and I'll
give you a one quick reason why not to
you know how many people have used that
brush and I've put it back on the ground
or put it back you know somewhere else
they have dirt from their paint
I would stay as far away from that as
possible all you're doing is you're
taking dirt from here and you're pushing
it all around your paint all over here
don't use that brush let your car be a
little bit dirtier don't use that brush
the whole point of spot free versus
rinse is this is actually distilled
water which means it doesn't leave water
spots but it doesn't seem to get all
this water off and you still end up with
water spots so I'm convinced that the
only settings you need to use at the car
wash are soap and rinse I know I'm gonna
do that I'm gonna try to do that like
you know the next Instagram oh the foam
gun you need the foam gun which isn't
actually gonna do anything for your
paint it just lets you stay longer in
the car wash it might actually be a
little detrimental if you had like a
coating on there this is your Instagram
setting not really good for much else
but all right let's get washing and he's
working from the top to the bottom which
is always good you want to push the dirt
downwards not bring the dirt back
upwards so doing the first pass of
wrench.now and then pound is convinced
that he wants to take an Instagram photo
so he's gonna use the foam gun I think
you would probably be better off
spending the time with a can of spray
wax or like a bottle of spray wax than
this but this is easy it's all built in
this is the power photographers dance
stand
the final touch years is to cover the
car and a little bit of supposedly
mineral-free water now the only downside
to car washes like this is there isn't
usually some way to dry so usually we
just take a little highway run
afterwards especially with the spot free
hopefully that'll get it so most of the
water is off and then when you get home
you just kind of DAB the water spots off
now do you mind I'm gonna touch it a
little bit with the power washer here
get the dirty areas and I'm gonna take
it through the touch list and we'll talk
more in there just rinse down certain
areas of my car now we're gonna go
through the touch list and get the rest
of it off and parents gonna join me
we're gonna go on a car wash together
I'm buying the most basic car wash
possible because I have no interest in
their chemicals this carwash also has
some of the best echo
so I've kind of talked this through in
previous videos but just as like a
general overview of why I do this reason
one is I really don't want to scrub my
paint and drying the car after a car
wash like that if you're not gonna air
dry it you're rubbing in all the dirt
that's left on the paint and that makes
me sad and that makes paint sad - this
also air dries so I'll probably go for a
breath with pound anyway after this to
dry my car but I like having the air
dryer just to blow the air off the car
so again I don't have to wipe the car
down after I'm done washing and push
more of the dirt into the paint
obviously these car washes even the one
that Palin used and this one they don't
get all the dirt off your car the only
way to really do that is to do a proper
wash but when it's cold outside it
doesn't really make sense to break out
the wash mitt and freeze all your pipes
just try and clean your car off a
temporary fix for a dirty car and once
it gets cleaner outside what I'll do is
I'll once it gets cleaner once it gets
warmer outside what I'll do is I'll do a
proper wash and make sure the car is
clean and I do that whenever I get the
chance when it's warmed in the winter
because it's New England and we have
random 70 degree days I mean another
reason why to do this wash is because it
has the air drying like you just said
and if it's freezing outside and you
just did one of those hain't like just
power washing yeah it freezes have a guy
I'm driving yeah yeah so that has been
our carwash tips of the day for how we
wash cars when it's cold out and just
kind of general do's and don'ts of the
self-serve carwash as always pound pound
it's a YouTube channel so make sure to
check it out I'll be linked on the
screen make sure to hit subscribe there
if you want to see stuff about his Honda
and about its turbo a36 and as always
thank you guys for watching make sure to
check out driven acure go out there and
spread some positivity and we will catch
you guys in the next video
[Music]