hey everybody welcome to roasty Coffee
calm my name is Matt and today I'm going
to talk about grinding your own beans
grind it grind it grind it so I have
five rules here at rose tea that I came
up with for grinding your own coffee
beans the first rule of roasty is to
always grind your own coffee beans the
second rule of roasty is to always grind
your own coffee beans the third rule is
to use a burr grinder and not a blade
grinder or a blender blade grinders just
chop up the beans and sometimes the
blades can heat up and actually roast
the coffee beans a little more so now
there are two types of burger einar's
you can use one burr grinder is an
automatic reiner or an electric grinder
that is pretty great you just pop the
beans in you set the grind setting and
then you just let it fly I like using a
manual or a hand burr grinder because I
just it just feels good to grind the
beans yourself and it's perfect for
traveling the fourth rule is to measure
out your beans before you grind so when
you do the proper coffee measurement
using grams in a kitchen scale you want
to measure out the whole bean and then
grind it the fifth and final rule is to
know your grind settings there are
actually three main grind settings and
that's coarse medium and fine then there
are grind settings that are above below
and in between those settings the first
and the largest setting is called the
extra coarse setting and that's when the
grind sizes are they're actually really
kind of big almost like big pieces of
sea salt and that's perfect for cold
brewing the second grind is the main
course grind and a coarse grind is a
good setting for French presses and
anything with a mesh screen the third
setting is medium coarse and this is
right between coarse and medium and it's
perfect for Chemex pour-over systems
which is actually my favorite brewing
system the fourth setting is the medium
setting this is the ubiquitous setting
for all commercially ground coffee and
it's perfect for drip brewing coffee
which is why it's perfect for commercial
in coffee so if you're making coffee
with a drip Brewer use a medium grind
Central v setting is a medium fine this
is between medium and fine setting and
this is perfect for pour over coffee the
sixth setting is the fine setting and
this is the final setting of the three
main settings so many using word
settings Oh many times and then finally
the seventh setting is the extra fine
setting remember these are just
guidelines for settings you can actually
experiment with any setting at any
brewing method so if you really like a
fine grind with a French press you can
totally do that and if you'd like to try
a coarse grind with a narrow press you
can do that to experiment find what you
like and then stick to it for as long as
you want so that's it those are the five
rules for grinding coffee and if you
have any more questions of course you
can go to roasty coffee comm and until
then enjoy do you remember the first
rule it's always grind your own beans
that was a freebie there ain't nothing
wrong with a little coffee grind