foreign
shakers it's Ruby
there are some actually many vegetables
you can find all year round in the
grocery and then there are others that
you have to be really quick on the draw
if you want to find them in season
I was lucky to find fiddleheads and I
was super excited because I have been
dying to try this recipe from one of my
favorite chefs Rich Mondo he has a
fantastic looking amused boost recipe
with fiddleheads and I also decided to
capitalize on the fact that lobsters
have been having great prices recently
so I am making a fun fine amuse Bush
recipe for today's episode of discover
create plate with fiddleheads
fiddleheads are the frilled Sprouts of
young ferns they have a tightly wound
spiraled Center and then a stock that's
about an inch or two from the spiral if
you're buying it in the grocery store
usually you find Ostrich Ferns because
those are the best tasting and they have
the least health concerns like other
greens and vegetables little heads are
rich in vitamins A and C they are also a
source of Omega-3s antioxidants and
protein actually fiddles heads have
about the same amount of protein as Nori
seaweed they are low in sodium so they
are perfect for people who are on a dash
diet
fiddleheads have more of a bitter taste
so pair them with salty notes like
parmesan cheese cured meats if you have
them and I'm using pink and Fleur de
cell salts today in my plating section
they balance buttery foods and go great
with earthy mushrooms like morels
since this is an amuse Bush so only a
bite full of two I decided to splurge a
bit by using brown butter to the fill
heads to ramp up the flavor even more
like I mentioned I added Lobster I
steamed it but you can leave it strictly
vegan like Chef Tramonto did by using
olive oil and omitting the lobster
we find my adaptation of Chef tramanto's
fantastic recipe in the Savvy Chic
Cuisine section of my site at
rubyjuby.com subscribe to my YouTube
channel for more great ideas and videos
find Savvy cuisine on Facebook and
follow me on Twitter Pinterest or
Instagram
thanks for joining me and see you next
time on Discover create place