hey guys it's juniapa and I'm here at
makeful Studios and we're doing another
3 minute DIY and today we're going to be
doing DIY string mason jars and you guys
are going to love
[Music]
them so for this DIY here are the
supplies you're going to need yarn and
Twine painters tape some mason jars
acrylic paint paintbrush and some
scissors so you're going to start off by
taping the bottom of the Mason jar with
twine this is the easiest step okay and
then after that you basically just wrap
it around like in bunches but like do
leave some spaces like this if you guys
can see what I mean so the light can
peek through but make sure it's not like
too spread out this looks pretty good
and so I'm just going to cut that string
and now I'm going to tape that on the
inside so that it'll stay in place and
then that's really it so you can spray
paint the jar but since I'm inside I
wouldn't recommend that I'm going to use
a paint brush and acrylic paint so
you're just going to go ahead and get a
nice thick layer and don't be afraid to
get this a little messy because it's
going to look really good in the end so
this is what it's going to look like
once it's been fully spray painted or
painted and now the fun part just take
it from the top and start pulling ooh
this was looking cool and the last part
is the bottom okay so that's what that
one looks like pretty happy with that I
think that looks so cool kind of reminds
me of like a white tiger or something um
now I'm going to go ahead and do this
one and we'll see how it looks looks
with yarn versus twine this part is so
satisfying I don't know why it just is
and there's that so the next thing
you're going to do is just get some
candles I have these two LED ones so she
going to go ahead and drop it in
there and that's what it looks like so
easy I'm so happy with that so if you do
recreate them of course always show me
on Instagram at bful and use the # frean
DIY if you're new here of course
subscribe and check out all the social
media down below and I'm Jan paa and
I'll see you guys soon peace out Girl
Scout bye