here's my girl light I've had for about
10-12 years it's a duel he's got high
pressure sodium 400 watt bulb and it's
got 400 watt metal halide anyone use a
metal halide bulb when you're growing
the plants and then the high pressure
sodium you want to flower the plant
produce fruit bud what have you anyway
these are sugar baby watermelons I
planet 32 of them so far 21 have came up
and these will go out in the garden at
about another three and a half weeks
looking around the house trying to find
something put these peat pots in are
good you know just water it from the
bottom and the best thing came up with
is this torpedo sled and best place to
put this light is over top of an old 112
gallon fish tank that I made so there's
my watermelons and hopefully they do
good we'll get bunch of watermelon out
of them and sometime in august i'll be
starting some watermelon life so we'll
see how those