[Music]
hi I'm Robin Jasco author of homite
homegrown and founder of grow Indy and
today I'm going to teach you how to kill
mold in a potted plant so one of the
things about indoor gardening is that
during the winter time your pots and
your plants are inside and they don't
get a lot of air flow and that could
mean that fungus develops so if you run
into a fungus problem um which you can
tell by looking at the soil you'll see
little bits of mold maybe showing up on
the soil or maybe you'll notice that
some of the leaves are yellowing you'll
notice you'll know that you have a
fungus problem um but don't worry this
is very easy to fix and you don't have
to resort to heavy duty pesticides you
can easily make your own concoction at
home to take care of the mold and get
rid of it quick what you're going to
need is hydrogen
peroxide a spray bottle and some water
and you're going to mix up one part
hydrogen peroxide to nine Parts water
and then you're going to put that in a
spray bottle and you're going to spray
the soil um you want to spray it one to
two times a day until the mold starts to
go away um and hydrogen peroxide is a
great natural anti- fungal so it'll make
sure it worker that mold so you just
spray your
plant you spray it right you try not to
get too much on the leaves you know just
try to focus on the soil and do that
about one to two times a day and your
mold problem will go away
my name is Robin Jasco author of hom
suet homegrown and founder of groy and
that is how to kill plant mold in a
plant pot
[Music]