brought to you by 1a auto calm your
source for quality replacement parts and
the best service on the Internet
hi I'm Mike Greer I'm one of the owners
of warning Auto I want to help you save
time and money repairing and maintaining
your vehicle I'm going to use my 20-plus
years experience restoring and repairing
cars and trucks like this to show you
the correct way to install parts from 1a
auto calm the right parts installed
correctly that's going to save you time
and money thank you and enjoy the video
in this video we're going to show you
how to replace the front power window
regulator on this 2003 buick lesabre
same as many GM full-size front-wheel
drive cars Bonneville LeSabre Park
Avenue tools you'll need our flat
Phillips screwdrivers as well as a ten
millimeter socket and ratchet and also a
door panel clip tool or a putty knife
this panel actually holes
little wire for your speaker pry on the
side where you can see the tab
speak really down
here try this hot green light we have
right here drop that and then back here
on your reflector on there try it out
now inside the door there's two screws
one there and one right there and I'll
just fast-forward through removing those
screws they are Phillips screws
you can use a finite nor panel clip tool
what if you might have random old use
your foot a little bit here there's a
master switch gonna pull out on a couple
of tabs
so you pull out on these tabs and then
that rotates down comes out and there's
your pin out pull our water shield back
here
so what I've done here just remove my
harness from my door panel plug it back
in here and a my regulator window butter
fine but most likely what you're going
to see
you can see right here is one of the
bolts that you loosen this bolt which
undoes this pinch and you can slide the
window up if your regulator is broken
which is what happens most often of
these cars you'll be able to just slide
your window up and down by hand to get
to these okay and actually the best
location is you bring your window all
the way up and you can access one of
them right through here and pull this
little access plug off and you can
access the other one fit through there
with the window all the way up you can
see there's one on there then there's
the other one there just got to kind of
push that cable out of the way right
here is your window motor the lead just
push just push down on this grey tab
push it out with the screwdriver just
pack it here with the window in the up
position I'm loosening those bolts that
hold those two clamps that hold the
regulator and the window together
ok so I have my window motor unhooked
from my regulator which would be like
having a broken regulator and you can
see I slide the window down slide the
regulator apart from the window and
slide the window back up secure the
window with a little bit of painters
tape to keep it from sliding down
unexpectedly
new regulator for one a Auto old
regulator you can see the new regulator
from 1a auto is exactly the same it's
going to bolt in function and everything
the exact same only minor difference is
that it has a little bit of a lead on
the window motor okay and I am going to
reinstall the original
because on this vehicle the original is
working fine and I don't believe in
wasting a good part regulator in
get this stud in place first make sure
that your regulator goes inside your
window make sure this party regulator
goes inside your window you can fill
your glass here take it down
I'm just going to fast forward as I
start those 10 millimeter nuts and then
use my socket and ratchet to tighten
them up you want to tighten them up firm
but not overly tight now I'm just taking
the painters tape off here slide the
window down slowly make sure it comes
into our clips there is our key back on
one
the window up so what's in place and
then tighten up our clamp to be firm
they don't have to be extremely tight
but on our door back up here okay just
keep the video somewhat brief I'm going
to fast-forward through putting the door
panel back on if you want to see this
part of the video in regular speed just
check out our other videos for door
panel removal and replacement for the
Buick LeSabre
you
we hope this helps you out brought to
you by ww1 ayato calm your source for
quality replacement parts and the best
service on the internet please feel free
to call us toll free 888 eight four four
three three nine three where the company
that's here for you on the internet and
in person