hi everybody is Rosie and in this video
we are making the hot water cornbread
just like grandma used to make so we're
starting off with some cornmeal using
yellow cornmeal and I have a little bit
of all-purpose flour in the bowl as well
now I am going to add a teaspoon of salt
and because I like my cornbread on the
sweet side I'm going to add a couple
tablespoons of sugar if you don't like
your sweet you can leave the sugar
completely out so now we're going to
whisk those ingredients and make sure
everything is well incorporated so now
it is time to add in our hot water this
water was boiling hot when I started
pouring it in and I guess that's why
they call it hot water cornbread or hide
but just be really careful and add a
little bit at a time when you start to
see that it's resembling a yellow
playdoh that's when you know you have
enough so that's the texture you're
looking for yellow playdoh so now I am
forming my hot water cornbread patties
and I'm using my hands it is still hot
my hands can take it if your hands
cannot make sure you have some cool
water like I do in the background just
in case is too hot and once all of those
patties are formed it is time to fry
them so I'm headed to my stovetop and I
have a pan here with some vegetable oil
in it and I'm going to lightly fry each
side of these patties
so once the patties are fried and they
are done I'm going to remove them from
the pan and I'm going to place it on a
paper bag or a paper plate or a paper
towel to remove some of the excess oil
and that my friends is it I'm serving
this with beans rice and some smoked
pork neck bones tonight it was the bomb
y'all it was so good but I want to thank
you all for watching don't forget to
rate comment subscribe if you haven't
already please give it a thumbs up if
you liked the video and be sure to check
me out at my blog for the complete
recipe you can print it out there thanks
for watching
you