with any stone grinding it's recommended
to hook up a vacuum or wear a face mask
here I'll be grinding the smoky quartz
from a rough to a high polish and again
I'll be using the 250 micron flex
diamond and then I'll move on to the
micro finishing diamond coarse medium
fine and very fine I probably won't use
all steps then I'll follow through with
step one premium diamond step 2 8000
premium diamond and step 3 50,000
premium diamond I'll finish off with the
cerium oxide to give it that high luster
finish so let's get started as I stated
I'll take the Flex diamond to give it a
nice little shape so it'll grind
beautifully so I have it at medium to
high speed
so from here I'll take it to the medium
diamond so I skip the core step the
quartz doesn't seem to be
that hard it's still hard but I think I
can forego that step
so again I like to trim that outer edge
and so right here you see it's nice
fluid smooth finish I'll continue with
the verify that means I skipped the fine
and proceed
same scenario medium for high speed add
some water
and as you can see here we have a nice
smooth finish here my hands a little wet
you can see that right there now after
this very fine
I'm going to move on to the premium
diamond now at this stage you also have
an opportunity to change paths and use
the felt wheel with my compound to see
how that works so running at slow speed
we give it a nice little polish here
there we go that's nice and smooth the
time and consistency is so fine on these
premium diamonds it's so easy to work
with just hold right here and you know
we're using the water as a lubricant for
the diamond remember my disc design
patented design creates a nice cooling
action so the water isn't there breath
pulling it's there to keep the diamonds
happy lubricated
want to make sure I got every little
corner here oh that looks gorgeous so if
you see any scratches that you miss you
might want to touch it up at this stage
because as you get finer they're going
to show up so spend some time a little
longer in the final polishing stages to
make sure you've got all the scratches
now this is fifty thousand and this is
what I say is you get to see the fruits
of your labor after this step is done so
really make sure I got I get every
millimeter of this stone
you see how I just hold it right up
against I'm using this finger to push up
against the wheel do you see that
beautiful fluid polish so far that's
50,000 oh my god I can see into the
stone at this point like a little window
into the stump and I finish it off with
the cerium oxide to give me that
exceptional high polished wet look
running it again at slow speed and lots
of water cerium loves water that's how
you get the cerium to discharge nice one
you can see that cerium you see that
white slurry
that's the cerium working its magic and
coming right off the wheel and there you
go this is the polished finished piece
of the smoky quartz