[Music]
what's going on guys killer 6 back with
another Borderlands 2 video for you and
today we're looking at my siren build
and we're going to go and build it right
here in front of you guys so first off I
always like to spec into Ward get your
Shield up faster I go into velocity to
get the bullet speed cuz we're going to
use a lot of
SMGs um we're not going to use Fleet for
this build we are going to use Quicken
we're going to use uh converge we're
going to use subse sequence and all of
these things are going to keep enemies
phase locked they're going to take extra
damage while they're phase locked um and
this is going to this is a pretty
powerful build it's not a great um Team
healing kind of build so um I I am uh
going to go ahead and put one point into
uh Rez though um just in case I'm
playing with like jolts or somebody else
so that way I can revive him from a
distance if needed to so flicker
foresight um
I we're going to do Cloud kill Chain
Reaction uh Reaper and then in order to
get down to ruin we're going to have to
put a couple of points into blight
Phoenix and we're also going to put a
couple points into Helios not because we
necessarily like those skills but just
so we can get down to ruin and that
gives us four points left and we're
going to go ahead and put those um not
into kinetic reflection we're going to
goe and put those into and the reason I
don't want to use kinetic reflection is
um I don't know mostly I use uh Maya for
uh farming tubbies so we're going to use
inertia instead it's going to get our
Shields up even quicker so ultimately
this build is going to get our Shields
up really fast um meaning that the be
Shield's going to stay constantly
charged well mostly almost constantly
charged I think it's about a 3se second
delay and there's the the tree if you
wanted to pause that and see in terms of
gear we're going to use the B we're
going to use um the uh the cat class mod
for SMG Dam Dage we're going to use a
bone of the Ancients with the the shock
damage and 49% cool down rate we're
going to use a Sand Hawk uh we're going
to use a double penetrating on km Tero
to Grog nozzle for healing ourselves and
a Norfleet for that inevitable Fight for
Your Life inevitable I say all right so
as you can see as long as you got
something phase lock somewhere you're
going to be doing a massive amount of
damage uh generally uh with my old build
I always like to kill the things around
the enemy that was phas locked but with
converge and or actually not with
converge but with um subsequence you can
go ahead and kill it and let something
else get phas locked and that will you
know continually be pulling enemies
nearby so that you can damage a lot the
a lot of enemies a lot faster I should
say and now that we have ruin on this
build we're constantly doing some slag
uh damage on these guys too so it's a
really powerful build things die really
fast and uh generally speaking you don't
have to worry too much about pulling out
that Grog nozzle and here as you can see
we're going to go ahead and break our
Shield then it's one two 3 seconds and
your Shield is recharged so really fast
recharge delay with this build so using
the be Shield doesn't really work
against you the way it does on some
builds and uh enemies just absolutely
get shredded so that's it for this build
guys I hope you guys enjoyed this if you
did then hit that like button hit
subscribe for more and I'll see you guys
in the next video take care
[Music]