hey there Duty so first today we're
gonna try out something that I've been
curious about for a while which is
whether you can use just regular old
toothpaste to restore yellowing or hazy
headlights sort of like what we have
here now as far as what you'll need is
basically just some toothpaste and the
toothpaste you want to use is something
like this which is for whitening which
also comes with baking soda and that's
gotta give it some greediness or other
words make it similar to a fine grit
sandpaper which a lot of times people
use for restoring their headlights
anyway and next you'll need an
applicator which could just be a rag or
better yet if you get a spare toothbrush
or soft brush like this laying around
you can just use that this one's going
to be a lot better than just a rag now
for we get started this to a couple of
before and after shots and here's a
close-up look at this angle and this
angle I think you guys can see more
clearly how hazy this headlight is all
right let's get to it so first I'm gonna
use this con tell to apply the
toothpaste to the headlight and we're
going to be generous after all it was
about two dollars and fifty cents for
this tube of toothpaste okay and after
we split the toothpaste around our
headlight evenly now we're going to use
our toothbrush
start from one side and work our way
together
alright let's work this down see what we
had it's not too shabby but they made
quite a difference this is quite nice
now here we go and here's where we have
after our first test the toothpaste and
it didn't work I mean it was quite a bit
of difference from what we had before we
started and here's a close-up shot at
this angle I think before we started
working with a toothpaste you guys could
tell at this angle how hazy it was and
now this is a good shot to compare it
with and there you have it folks as you
can see we're able to restore quite a
bit of shine back to our headlight but
to be perfectly clear you're actually
restoring your headlight and you're
basically just restoring a sort of the
shine back to it in order to restore
your headlight you need to sand down
your headlight or in other words the
protective layer that's sprayed on your
headlight when it comes out of factory
to protect the the plastic that tracks
your actual headlight is made out of you
can sand that down and then you need to
apply your own sealant or clear coat and
you know polish that and then you've
actually restored the exterior of your
headlight what we just did with the
toothpicks was basically just clean up
the plastic that's in case you know if
the UV layer is completely gone or
basically clean up so the layer if you
still have solid left on your plastic
but if you don't seal this you know you
can put wax on this and they'll protect
you for some time but if you don't
properly restore it if that protective
layer is completely gone you're going to
have to keep doing this you know maybe a
few weeks or a month or two down the
road you're going to be back to square
one and gonna have to clean it again now
if you want to learn how to properly
restore a headlight I'm going to make a
video restoring the headlight on this
side and I'll put a link to that video
on the screen so you can just click on
it along with some other video links
that you may find interesting but if you
find anything in this video useful
please give it a thumbs up subscribe if
you want to see more like it I'll see
you next time thanks for watching
you