you won't believe this look at this
Boise City room
Sofia you're in the boys fitting room
did you know that as you know here in
the boys room what are you guys doing
good morning guys look what cookies
doing I mean she was doing it before to
see that little black thing right there
she was trying to jump up on that black
thing she sees me no more guys it is
Wednesday we're barreling through our
first week back at school a lot of you
guys have been sending us comments about
your first day back in school
somebody's eyes are sick already and
your first week of school what yeah some
people are already homesick you're never
sick anyway we have so much fun stuff
happening today what are we doing like
right now no we're not it's school time
where we're doing later after school
we're going back to school shopping I
get a get few yeah like that are like
high but not rain boots yes you want
food boot they're my thing that's a her
thing I think boots are Sophie's thing
our booth all girls things anybody yeah
we have to go do some back-to-school
shopping which means that I've to get
all their other stuff what do you guys
do do you save all your clothes from
last year and then bring them up in the
fall and go through them and see what
still fits or do you just toss
everything at the beginning of summer
that was for winter I'm beginning to
think our method is a super
labor-intensive now my samples Nate I
changed it to second chance tables
because I like that name and there's
like this YouTube girl the hurry barn
like her she's like barn it's called
second
so you're stealing her name kind of but
I really like it yeah okay do you have
any rescue horse is that your second
chance stable yes um
Roxie's big one hanging her head this
one yes sir
Spencer over here is a rescue look at he
likes the puppy there me being first so
for a little backstory
you guys saw up they have their SH like
all set up on the dining room table well
now it's back to school it's been a bit
rough because we usually use that table
for our back to school so I Vic did them
off the table and this is what they did
Sophie's got her barn over here that's
Willa works tables this is a second
chance table on the same problem and
then what's over here
yeah cuz they don't have enough room to
take over the whole house it all there's
like and what's up there that's super
cool Wow look at that you guys this is
her homemade attack room um and then
she's got stuff on top - yep I'm
pretending that's the law that's the
loft so right here is halter hooks her
altar right we are back at the doctor
today Gabby's just gonna pick up to make
sure that her rash is gone away
philony Rajdhani I think you guys can
see you can kind of see the scar marks
it's mostly gone away the infection
bourbon and she's good still got all
these excute abates as you keep
scratching
yeah and Philippe's practice in being a
patient I don't know let's show them
your outfit though jump down jump down
take this out there all herself today oh
yeah she didn't pick this skirt I think
this skirt because white leggings are
not that good
[Music]
[Music]
Wow look at all the man we got crazy
well we gotta wait when I open that yeah
yeah because we have to do an opening
mail time oh the car came no mail time
send mail to the girls I'm so excited
are you guys so excited yeah can I see
the rocks are dirty I have to open it
tomorrow um would you get to Sophie got
a stub have you got this honking furger
that she always gets when she's here now
when I was young I used to always get a
burger - it's from AMW I got my favorite
it is bubble slushy team oh my gosh it's
so good it's it's peach juice with peach
juice with mango bubbles
I got a chicken burger looks super yummy
don't have any mayo on it
yep and black tacos Mexican
yeah
but let the shopping commence right
we're in stitches
do you see anything you like that's cute
those jeans are cute let's get looking a
unicorn - I didn't stay magical let's go
get that shirt jacket
I want shirt alright well let's go up oh
my gosh alright let's go look
oh my gosh not those pants like you you
can see things that you're not supposed
to see and probably stop running around
the store went those so we found this
store stiches warehouse store a pop-up
shop and everything in it is ten dollars
or less so so yeah like your your pop
holder alright so Sophie found this
shirt that she's gonna try on she really
wants like yeah I don't know it's gonna
look okay but she also has these
slippers Sam and have you taken off
we're looking at shoes gabby is trying
on boots they're super cute I like them
do you wanted higher ones though Gabby's
trying on his shoes and look at all the
stuff we got into foam
[Music]
we're gonna do a huge fashion show
tomorrow you guys or maybe tonight might
all ends right here so they're pretty
good boys I spanked her to the side all
right I'm shopping with Sophie that's a
good thumbnail and she's got all the
clothes basically you are just looking
around and grabbing everything with a
blue tag because that's her size
reference to figure out what's gonna
look good on her all right going to
change room I'm coming just want to
check and see if there's anything else
you won't believe this look at this boys
fitting room Sofia you're in the boys
fitting room because you know that
[Music]
as you know here in the voice fitting
room what are you guys doing do you know
this it was blue right over there look
on that side see his pink and there they
go into the girls spit in the room that
opened his mouth and take the bit my
using both hands down here no ok one
hands gonna go up in his ears ok yeah
I'm here and hold top right okay it's
gonna pull up when he opens his mouth
okay the other hands gonna pull up
fingers on the bit I wanna cheat push
finger it and push down on his mouth and
you're up on his gums there you go
my hands about reaching my thumb in my
yeah he's also a pain in the rear end
[Music]
before you do that
[Music]
[Music]
how far right
[Music]
alright guys we are home from shopping
what a grueling a time we had holy cow
is pitch-black it's almost 10 o'clock is
it almost 10 o'clock
almost 10 o'clock and the girls are just
getting too bad but that's the beauty of
home school when you have to take out a
night and do all your shopping you could
do school at night yeah we can just
sleep in and do home later anyway we're
gonna open all of our mail tomorrow on
camera so it down yeah that's gonna be
excited this is all of our loot we show
you this is all of our loot yeah we got
boots and we got a mail and somebody got
a really cool horse that has a really
cool saddle and the gods family yeah I
show you show you show them the saddle
yeah and there's a nice saddle pad and
and a bridle alright so we're gonna end
today's video where are you not even
gonna go through all of our clothes
because it is so late oh my gosh
tomorrow morning I'm opening these too
yeah so tomorrow we'll do all of it
before we end today's video I'm gonna do
a comment of the day and comment of the
day is gonna go to Juliet Thompson and
she said hey maybe your girls can do a
DIY rainbow saddle pad paint horses look
amazing in rainbow tie-dye and it would
be really fun for the girls and a fun
way to make boring white saddle pad
really fun and its really unique and I
think don't do it like put sharpie
marker dots on it or a line I don't know
when I put rubbing Elka like yeah I
don't know we'd have to look into that
but it would be super fun don't you
think that would be a fun project for us
to do in the winter yeah so anyway thank
you so much for that comment I wonder
yesterday's comment the girl that told
us about that website shy filled dazzle
with the coke
snazzle schnozzle or something like that
like yes people have been sending me
pictures of horses they've made on that
website all day I love comment of the
day like that so and I love this one
with such a good idea for us to do such
a great winter project but anyway we're
going to end today's video and if you
liked this video make sure you give it a
thumbs up subscribe and you freaky dog
walking in the background creepy dog in
a diaper whoa wait where'd he go behind
you beep Rosie creepy dog get a diaper
Oh walking in the background anyway
that's it for today see you tomorrow
bye bye
[Music]