well the great thing uh that tray is
what appeals to me most about real Brie
not fake Brie like that is it's fried
egg eNOS yeah you know a great camembert
that's made from raw milk or a real
brief from brie made from raw milk
tastes like a combination of white
truffles fried eggs and garlic you're
right it does not it does mommy money I
love it can I'm gonna get fork come on
yeah yeah I want some of that cheese so
what we're talking about is don't opt
for French breathe opted instead for
those cheeses that have a white crust
that are called Ubel crams or Triple
Crown CRE ma pronounced creme not cream
it's a better crafted cheese it's made
in a fractional quantity to what
so-called French Brie's your cheese
should stink people haha so you saying
you like it ha ha what I'm saying is
what you like is the creaminess and the
fact that it uses or may even be runny
we all love that
but Brie is not the right choice unless
it's brie from Brie and that's pretty
hard to find the liver double prime or
triple creme raw milk exactly look for
duble crabs and triple cramps an Andre
and kind of crack pie and Pierrot beer
and brats sovereign and de lys de
Bourgogne those are all brie like recipe
cheese's but they're much much better
than ordinary French factory Brie and
these are the things you would pair with
them yeah a cheese that sort of creamy
like that you need something crisp an
acid to come through that fat so that
your flavor receptors can translate
those flavors without a crisp white wine
or a great lager or a pilsner I love my
daughter or a pilsner
not a stout or a nail a lager or a
pilsner sloggers all right to cut
through that creaminess you'll enjoy
your cheese much better if it's rainy
Bree like sheep I never try to slide it
with a Caesar yeah