bottom tutorials here coming add to the
super quick and easy tutorial
it's the soda can pipe so the only
things that you're going to need for
this are an aluminum can and something
to poke holes with I like using the pen
but whatever you want so basically the
only step that you have to do in this is
about a half way to two-thirds down the
can take the pen or whatever you're
using and start poking holes you want
about eight to ten small holes small as
you can make them you don't want them
too big or stuff will fall through just
try to group them together and then once
you're done with that just go over and
make a carb on the side this is super
easy and convenient way to smoke once
you have that done just load it up and
light it and it should be good to go I
hope you guys enjoy this tutorial leave
a like if you did see you guys next time