sometimes you're just not in the mood
for a fast food you want something
cooked in your own kitchen in your own
stove but you don't want to labor over
the stove either you just want to put it
in and then forget it for about an hour
hour and a half or so and then you go
about your business
turn on some Mozart perhaps just get a
shower anyway
so you take the steak out of the freezer
it's frozen that's okay and you get your
disposable aluminum foil
when I say disposable of course you're
going to recycle it aren't you
all right so and then you go ahead and
you preset your oven to 400 degrees okay
so that took maybe about a minute minute
and a half once you've done that then
you begin to think okay now what do I
want my steak to taste like I like
onions so I put onions and I use soya
sauce and of course if you don't like
soya sauce you may want to put
Worcestershire sauce pick up pepper
sauce whatever sauce is you like the
idea is make it personal
absolutely then you get the steak and
you add salt and pepper to it now
somebody out there is saying oh my god
that's an awful lot of salt but if you
ever read the can or the labels of your
food you buy in a supermarket you'll
find that's very little salt compared to
the packaged food trust me on that along
with salt of course I want to add some
black pepper now that's easy to do and
then you flip it over and you place it
in your aluminum cooking foil dish and
on the other side do the same thing now
you may also want to add things that you
like such as time and other seasoning
that you like and perhaps you may want
to add some scotch bonnet pepper to your
steak why not make it fun and by the way
you know my good friend RW told me that
bonnet pepper is got a lot of healthy
benefits hmm so you wrap it around with
aluminum foil your oven is probably at
temperature right now but anyway
you wrap it with the aluminum for so
it's nice and enclosed remember the
steak is frozen in there and go ahead
and set your timer for about an hour and
15 minutes or so now here this is the
first time you're doing it I would set
it for about an hour then you can go get
a shower
turn on some show pollen if you chew a
pan if you like and then after that take
a look at it now if you don't like it if
it's not cooked then you'll know the
next time to make it cook longer if you
don't like the way it looks
take bloom and fall and brown it and
broil it a grill it put in a frying pan
and make it brown in the meantime there
you have it our later just add the
onions to it a little bit of mashed
potatoes some of my special sauce
anything you like the point is it was in
the oven all along and you spent your
time doing something else