[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
what's up my so squad I am so glad to be
back in this contra guys I have miss you
guys I hope you missed me I'm excited to
make this video but before we get
started my book came live paperback hard
well piggy back up I said hard come look
at this roasted lemon chicken the loss
of shrimp mac and cheese actually not
lots of sure there's I'll check to see
some home I'm fully loaded um but take a
soup um what else you guys I'll try to
show but I should be look I should never
Eddie right
I thought I could just go to a picture
look at that chicken Pam and I trying to
show you guys on my family photos so you
get a glimpse I don't know you know what
before you guys came up there we go
family photos that's just one page of
family photos I really love this book
thank you to everyone who purchased this
book the book Kenny
it was a lot of work to write them up to
send them out but I am so excited it's
pop it's it's part of me you know I'm
saying you got a line if you want to
make something happen
and that's what i've been doing i've
been so busy doing different things you
guys and playing so many different stuff
but i am back and then along with death
it's been under the weather trying to
watch them eat trying this will be but
thank you guys if you want to give this
book guys to make this below to the
website to get this book you go here and
get your e-book on Amazon and if you're
international you can get the paperback
on Amazon for international parties only
the pivot back is about bought Amazon if
you want your paperback
just go to the link below and I can help
you with that and let's get started hot
water corn
oh okay we are back hot water cornbread
that things that you're going to need
first of all you're gonna need two
teaspoons of baking powder 3 tablespoon
of sugar you can use one or two
tablespoons of sugar
I just before three tablespoons of sugar
1/2 a teaspoon of salt 1/2 a cup of
all-purpose flour and 1 cup of yellow
cornmeal in some bowl of water maybe a
cup of 1/2 decided ball you're not gonna
use all that water so let's get started
Oh me anybody need 2 teaspoons of butter
2 tablespoons of butter which I'll be
right back I'm back got my two
tablespoons of butter it do not have to
be at room temperature because the hot
water well melts it let's go over again
I got a half a cup of flour all-purpose
flour I'm gonna add it to my 1 cup of
yellow cornmeal boom right there I got 2
teaspoons of baking powder that helps
with a little rise situation I got 3
tablespoons of sugar remember that my
sugar is up to you to use one tablespoon
it takes four and a half I go over three
tablespoons I got this recipe from my ex
I'm his grandmother it's originally from
North Carolina and every time he went to
her house in the morning she will always
make hot water cornbread she had it for
breakfast but she had cheddar cheese
hers I have a teaspoon of salt
she had cheddar cheese and hers and um
his little press but wanted me to make
it so
his aunt actually gave me the recipe in
2013 and I made a couple of times for
him we're just gonna stir everything up
together you guys and you need some oil
not that much maybe a cup and a half
because you don't want your batter to be
submerged and all but you want a knuckle
over that it won't stick and it can
really fry golden brown on both sides
I'm just mixing everything up here
together I'm making a small batch as you
can see my grease is all
I'm using my iron skillet I got their
water back there and need to be really
really hot it's balling imma give it a
few seconds and I'm on foot place I got
my butter going in right there just like
that and then when I pull this hot water
on top of this and just stir it up it's
gonna milk that butter you're gonna get
a new stirred up nice and thick and B
gonna drop it into a hot vegetable oil
and I need not want it to be hot I want
to be like bubbling like bubbles so guys
hope you guys everybody so squat you get
your cookbook I hope you enjoy it I hope
you like it um I believe don't quote me
I should know my own stuff I think the
book is still on sale with the arm who
was at Emerson I say another one go to a
site and check it out I was in second
out I know but still sell at one point
I'm not sure but don't check it out and
you're doing again if you're
international you have to go to Amazon
if you want the e-book but the Amazon if
you want this who's that pretty girl
reading oh that's me and you like this
book go directly from me within the US
and I can help you with that okay guess
what now what is bothering that's what I
want so squat I want bubbly water like
that and ready to help you get that
water so um get hot like that I used hot
water to get it that way because my
water in my house is is like extremely
high and slow steady using cold water I
use hot water and I'm just gonna use a
little bit of water at a time and again
with this recipe
I'm a bnw so maybe a cup of water
because I don't want it too loose look
at that and I want that butter to melt
maybe a cup of cup and a half of soap
water like I'm using on your and I
want that better than milk this is gonna
melt that butter
if you never had half what a cooperating
you'll like it you can pair this up with
your in the wintertime with some good
old beans out with some chili again like
my kids grandmother who I got the recipe
from she just eat it with some cheese
shredded cheese in here and she eat like
200 for breakfast what are a piece of
sausage or something yeah let me say a
word
someone gave me some great advice on how
to UM say the word sausage but I'm not
telling guys I forgot
I destroyed yes stay on my feet and I
was like and she broke it down on how to
say it and I was like okay but not
better still have been melted and if you
want a patty this is a little bit more
water you want a good consistency you
don't want it too thin so if you want to
patty this you must definitely have to
let this own though this cornbread mix
cooled down but I would do what she
showed me how to do she don't have it
I'm gonna show you what she do and it
make up that your butter is a little bit
everyone sensitive temperature but they
don't have to be sea ice melting the
happiness of that um quadratus gonna
know that I like this right here this
texture I'm a boat with this in I have a
spoon right here my grease went on for a
while it's nice and hot I will be right
back we want to scoop it into the pan
okay and we waited a few minutes that
butter melt it now you got make this not
as loose as I did add less water and get
it a little bit thicker and you got
patty it up in your hand just have some
cold water on hand then put in your hand
the patty it up a little bit cold water
then placing your grease but that's how
his grandmother did it and for the time
I do it just mark it up
Tomomi other sama protest yeah this is
what this is how she do it
you don't get up and turn batter they be
a little bit looser than this magic
powder on a big side cuz I didn't want
to like fall apart and you just let
these cook on one side on this
medium-high heat
that's to their goal then ground you
flipped it
you flipped it you flip it and once it's
golden brown on both sides
it's done so we don't let this cook this
is one medium high heat I don't have
mini to make look guys I probably get
another three or four depends on how big
I make it yeah once it turned go to the
ground you flip it and you good to go
that grease have to be hot you see how
hot that grease with us and no you don't
have to have an honor skillet but I did
you just I get everything for Amazon I
did get this Amazon like last like
for like $12 or $13 or something um oh
yeah look that's what I wanted four
great guys again it doesn't take long if
you want to pack it up
you can I didn't
I shall I go golden maybe what the five
minutes all these cook for a quick four
to five minutes you see it's not that
much grease it's not submerged down in
here maybe a cup of half of vegetable
oil that's all I use no I just pulled it
I just pour it I let me get a plate and
I'll be right back yeah man if I have my
Baker's Rock my baby I stop yelling
right there I'm gonna take these out and
don't go on me I know I don't have my
cookie sheet on me Father I grabbed what
I could grab and they're nice nice nice
and puffy hot what a cool print they're
nice having my sweetness tool I'm gonna
do the recipe that Greece is still hot
man again just a little breakfast in the
morning some fried fish fish again add
some shadow cheese to it do anything to
the jalapeno peppers tools mix a nice
response be a little bit cayenne powder
if you like your food spicy and you can
actually make this batter your own again
I got eight I'll be here that kind of
medium to small we're gonna let these do
its thing when we come back we finish
we're gonna plate it and we out to
another video I so squadron turned off
my grease my pot this was a little bit
darker than the layer I like them that
yeah I like them kind of doc but they
are so ready I hope you guys liked this
recipe as quick as simple it's the
yes and what we're going to do is that
the wines that that's done I'm a
transporter and I'm gonna let you guys
see me cut one open but as you can see
that they're nice and done and the
inside we don't let those form them at
these cool oh look at this my hot water
cornbread again you guys pick up
anything you like to look let's break
this open look at that whatever
then look good guys so so squat hot
water cornbread like share subscribe and
remember if you want that book it's on
Amazon international is on Amazon ebook
and directly to me in the link below
I'll get it out to you these are my ride
BBQ ribs - I did it my way I fried it
like chicken I've tried it like chicken
that's so happy I hope you guys liked
this recipe