figure out let everybody know my problem
my problem is I've got a nice grass my
backyard and I got a visitor and I don't
want to see I've worked with this before
when I didn't have grass when it was
just straight dirt and he can obviously
see the holes of these critters and what
I normally would do is I use these
things these things are great
highly recommend them for smoking Gopal
and because of the factor that when you
do it they don't come back and once
they're tunnel is full of smoke they
don't like it they get out and go
somewhere else and if you don't believe
me I'm going to go over here but here's
the example we've had I had some holes
here I smoked them out they are gone
they've been gone for a long time you
want to avoid the stress and in the case
with me I got pretty lazy I should have
done this a couple months ago when I
started noticing it
now it's getting in the batting cage and
I just don't want more and more of my
backyard looking like a moon so I'm
going to start digging
we'll get another video maybe on wall
something here you know this this hole
here it doesn't get the flare all the
way in what you want to do is you want
to get the flare as much in as possible
or get it in an angle so it'd be nice to
use a trowel you know trying to do this
while filming and grab some of this dirt
out so it easily slides in there if you
really want to get it into the hole so
you can smoke them out
if you can't get holes right over here
it feels like it's real loose over there
oh it's real loose over there so there
see that's you want it and you get it in
there and now these things will smoke
for about 15 minutes I got one they're
done there's a hole over here that one's
pretty much ready it'll get done there
I've got one over there and it's really
important to smoke these guys out you're
not trying to hurt them you're trying to
make sure that they don't come back so
that that way then the next step you do
once you smell you got these flares in
here you smoke them wait about a week
you know see if no more holes are being
made if no more holes are being made go
to your grass company get some more
patches of grass patch the areas that
you have holes and you're back in
business and that's the way I would do
it here's how I learned this thing I
learned it from a Little League field up
and by Dodger Stadium the guy used
flares and using a mole trap use flares
and smoke them out in fact he told me a
story that is gopher came out of one of
them and was on fire and ran what a love
to have gotten a picture of that but
anyways there's enough tunnels down
there for the Gophers to find another
way out I'm going to be using four
players to seriously smoke them because
what I want to get done is I don't want
to see any more holes or patches in my
backyard so I can lay down some fresh
new grass on the areas that are damaged
I'm gonna start knocking lairs do work
again right you want to make sure you
get this thing cooking you don't want to
end up you know just not letting it cook
a little bit and you see that when log
is pretty wet what we're going to do is
we're going to lump them out right fit
in there pretty well we want to smoke
the holes as much as possible so that
way the smoke smell stays in there and
the Gophers dump well you got to make
sure that their hand up if we're
grilling moving
come on up closer you can hear the sound
of the smoke in there and it is moving
there
the sound of the smell smoke is still
burning here you don't want to burn it
out and you can probably drop some dirt
back in there so that you know you don't
want to lose the smoke smell wrap some
dirt because you only want the smoke to
stay in there you don't want it to come
out
you want it to stay in the holes if the
Gophers will get check of the smell you
make sure you hear it okay we got to
cooking pretty good all right
and you can see look I didn't even skirt
this one and you can see the tunnel is
filling up the area with smoke
you don't want to start a you see you
don't want to start patching up your
damage graph with without getting rid of
the Gophers first don't get rid of them
they're going to damage your nice new
grass too so one more right over here I
come on into the net this was the other
culprit actually you know I think I
couldn't find a hole on this one around
here see smokes coming out of that tube
maybe if we're lucky we'll see a scoffer
sprout out on fire
and my whole I didn't dig it enough
as lazy hear it moving like that and you
hear the sound it is uh it's doing its
job