[Music]
what's up guys Jay B after kill and I'm
back here on bdha Lands 2 and this is my
op8 level 72 Maya now I was going to go
ahead and commentate the entire son of
chromax fight that I had with Maya on
op8 and did what I did with zero and the
Gunzerker and give you guys a little bit
of a rough breakdown of my build for
those of you guys that are new and you
haven't seen my build videos and you're
too lazy to go back and check it inside
of my channel so uh I'm not going to be
able to commentate that entire video
today I I don't know if it's allergies
or I don't know if I accidentally cut
something on my eye but right now my
left eye is pretty [ __ ] up it's a it's
a little blurry it's a little bit irrit
at so I wanted to give myself a little
bit of a day off and show you guys my
build so of course we're going to have
the Grog nozzle because that heals you
65% of the damage even if you throw a
grenade that grenade damage will heal
you with the Grog nozzle so that's why
it's good to have like a quasar or a
storm FR anything that's an area of
effect grenade that causes damage over
time you're going to keep yourself
healing this is an unemp Herald
everybody knows what an unemp Herald
does the only reason I have an unemp
heral on my Maya is because if I go down
at OP level 8 the unkempt Herald is
actually strong enough without a bee to
pick yourself up and speaking of that
this is not strong enough to pick
yourself up without a bee this is a sand
Hulk this is everybody ask me oh my God
what SMG are you using I don't know why
because this is probably the most
popular SMG in the game it is the sand
Hulk this weapon the reason why it works
is you see all those yeah uh well that
actually was the Grog nozzle making
drunk and shooting extra bullets but
right here we're going to go ahead and
shoot this and you see all
those what the
[ __ ] that was actually pretty [ __ ]
awesome but you see all those
projectiles when you use that with the B
Shield it does the same thing with the
uncm herald it amps every single one of
those shots with the B damage so if you
take a look at the amp shot right there
we have 1.8 million per bullet that's
being done that is that is quite a lot
of damage being done with my to augment
that of course we have a shock and a
relic that gives us cool down rate and
that's uh pretty awesome I use a
legendary cat mod the only time I ever
changed my class mod is when I put on
the ru Rider zero capacity shield and
then we put on the break neck Banshee
now what that does is it activates a
skill in my tree called Fleet you see
that when I put that Breakneck Banshee
mod on gives me 100 110% movement speed
when my Shields depleted since I'm using
a zero capacity Shield to Rough Rider it
tricks it into activating that skill and
I run faster than a [ __ ] that's
how you get through areas and farm very
very fast for those of you guys that
asked on the video that I made for the
Pre-Sequel when I was farming cost the
caverns uh Minecraft Easter Egg how is I
moving so fast that is exactly how I was
moving so fast so let's go ahead and
take a look at the build right here and
this tree right here I should have res
since it's only one point and you can
use it to phase lock and pick people up
but I don't play with a lot of people
with my may I usually do a lot of solo
farming so I don't have res but you can
go ahead and you know pick one from any
one of these [ __ ] and stash it
inside there if you really want res but
uh we have wreck because wreck is pretty
awesome when you have an enemy phas lock
you do a huge amount of damage and fire
rate bonus and of course mine's eye
we're going to pick that up because you
know critical hit damage and we'll go
ahead and put our legendary class mod
back on we'll put the uh cat on right
here you'll see the that gets boosted
right there that gets boosted we get
Reaper boosted which does 80% gun damage
when the enemy's underneath 50% of
Health that's uh actually pretty awesome
and of course larger magazine size
reload speed the only reason I have five
out of five on emulate here is because
there is an emulate glitch if you don't
know what that is I will put a link in
the description down below on know how
to do it but you can get a lot of damage
with emite that's why that's why I carry
a fire nor Fleet because when I'm down
that emulate actually boosts my fire
North Fleet so even though a lot of
enemies resist fire inside of the game
it's usually still strong enough to pick
me up against like trash mobs so that's
why I keep emade on and I keep a fire
North Fleet uh sometimes I usually have
a shock nor Fleet but zero I gave that
to zero like two weeks ago
so I have accelerate because the sand
hwk is usually a slow firing projectile
gun but if you use it with the flying
prefix and you have accelerate right
here with the legendary cat class mod
boost in that that's why the bullets
fire god damn grab nozzle we're doing
this live right here but that's why the
bullets fire pretty fast same thing I
use on zero which is velocity and uh you
know a flying sand that's why that's why
I don't use use the damage sandhawks but
the rest of them I just go all the way
down to thought lock because this on op8
when you actually thought lock an enemy
uh you gain very very very large amounts
of damage uh I guess I guess it kind of
takes away their damage resistance a
little bit I'm not sure but you see I
don't have a B on there but I still
decimate that [ __ ] pretty easily
even though these are bar kids you see
you know I'm thought locking them so all
the you know bar kids are going after
them they're taking the aggro off me
just trash through things you don't even
need a be for little VAR kids but for
big ass [ __ ] like there's usually a
badass varit around here let's see see
if I can't get him pop out somewhere
where he at where you at badass VAR
kid nope he's not going to come out
because he's a
scumbag there goes an adult bar kid but
we don't we don't want any of that we're
trying to do a build video here for you
guys ah [ __ ] but yeah it's actually yeah
there we go let's let's go ahead and
thought lock you see he's over there
hurting himself because there's no
enemies to go kick ass on
so hey why don't you just die you're
making my build video look
stupid [ __ ] let's go in here and
close this goddamn door so we can take a
look at the rest of the skill tree
because
hey yeah
go
away all right take a look at the rest
of the skill tree over here like I've
already told you why I have Fleet we
have suspension that increases the
duration of phase lock and when you
combine that with thought lock which
also increases the duration of phase
lock and gives you a better cool down on
your uh phase lock so you're going to be
phase locking things all day long and
it's pretty awesome be able to just run
through areas and just trash pretty much
every everything this isn't now this
isn't a raid boss build don't those you
guys out there that are saying like oh
my God blah blah blah blah blah it's not
of raid boss build I use this to get
through op8 on dig struck Peak because
it's very good for mobbing it's very
good for just going through an area
keeping crowd control keeping enemies
away from you that's why it's good for
the son of CRX fight because there's a
lot of enemies out there that you can't
get second wins off of and there's a lot
of enemies that I can draw aggro from
phaselock and another thing thing is if
you're low on health we'll go ahead and
open this up there's probably some VAR
kads out here I could probably show you
where you at where you at there's a
varid you go ahead and phas lock them
look get yourself a little bit of Health
back pretty awesome right I think I
think that's pretty
cool that's uh pretty much it the only
reason I go all the way down here cuz
ruin cuz every time you phas lock
something it gives you slag and when you
use that with converge over here it
basically pulls all the enemies together
slags them and there's a bunch of nearby
enemies that get all types of nasty
Elemental [ __ ] happening all over their
body so I hope you guys enjoy this I'm
going to put up the build for one last
time this is this is what I call my
op8 uh Purple Haze mind [ __ ] build I
call mind [ __ ] cuz we got the thought
lock and Purple Haze because we got the
automatic slag and don't forget if you
play with other people be courteous take
something out over here and toss one
into resz cuz it really is going to make
life a lot better especially if you are
playing with a team oh
[ __ ] you [ __ ]
scumbag yay you should
die The Grog NOS was not very strong
it really isn't but that bubble that's
your subsequence I forgot to mention
that uh after you kill an enemy that's
thought locked this uh goes and finds
another enemy for you and it picks them
to thought lock them so as you saw
before when I chained all those
different thought locks onto all those
enemies you just kind of kind of run
through an area like that phase lock go
ahead and just pick them off keep it
doing that and since every time they get
phase lock it converges then
uh you'll keep it's it's like having a
singularity grenade just seek everybody
out and pull everybody together and you
feel like it and you have a shock
northly give him one of those cuz that
it's always pretty cool so my name is
Jay morning than after kill make sure
you guys rate comment subscribe I want
to thank you guys for watching if you
could leave a thumbs up on the video I'd
highly appreciate it CU it gives me
motivation to make more videos for you
[ __ ] that watch my
[ __ ] videos I kind of
just I I was going to make this a short
sweet and simple video but I did this
live and you guys know how I like to I
get rambled on a little bit I hope you
guys got some pretty good information
out here and let me know down below if
you like my build if you use my build
and if you've had any success with this
build because this is the build that I
Ed to solo Maya through op8 and it's
done pretty well for me and a lot of
people in my Liv is like holy [ __ ] man
it's [ __ ] wrecking face with that
build [ __ ] legendary [ __ ] runs and
nothing's touching me on the way through
and also it makes me look better when I
play with Maya and I'm drunk and I'm not
really know what's going on but I just
keep phase locking things and things
keep killing themselves cuz they're
thought locked so I look I look like a
boss even though even though the build
the bee and the sand hwk is doing most
of your goddamn work so like I said my
name's Jay more than after kill thanks
for watching and I'm going to see you
guys later
my eye this entire time has been
like it's been oh my God it's robbing
its ass off it's like I don't know if
it's a cut on the actual eyeball if I
have something in my eye or if it's just
[ __ ] allergies but it feels like
somebody has their finger on the side of
my eye and they're
[Music]
going you're just touching the side of
my eye and it's not cool
probably should stop talking so yeah I
hope I feel better tomorrow I hope you
guys enjoyed the
video oo yeah Mao man
rain
Randy
Savage why am I why am I still
talking I should have just done a full
commentary maybe I'll just maybe I'll
put some [ __ ] back in the background I
don't know
I'm out