hi ray Haydon here and in this video
we're gonna give you a sort of kind of
end result look of what the kitchen
cabinet project in my office should look
like now I have to admit I'm a pretty
hyper critical person on my own work I
love it I absolutely love the way this
has come out so far and on top of that
it saved us many hundreds if not tens of
thousands of dollars my wife and I do
have experience in remodeling a kit or
having a professionally remodeled
kitchen done by replacing all cabinet
doors replacing countertops with the new
modern ones and things of that nature so
we know from which we speak money that
we've expended and I'll make another
video about that when I talk more about
the seriousness of property ownership
kind of issues but with that we are
extremely happy with this but there's a
couple of things that I need to do
there's this routered design in the door
frame and the door front I need to
finalize those I may make a video about
how I do that maybe maybe not we'll see
how it goes how time is there is this
little piece of spacer on the front here
and the side of this cabinet these need
to be finalized as well with the semi
gloss paint let's come back over here to
this side this is the Formica countertop
again the Formica this Formica is on
this wall alright so I don't really I
didn't really point that out before but
this wall is actually the same exact
Formica that you're looking at right
here and again with all this stuff here
this same color it didn't look nearly as
open and airy in this room as it did I
need to do some finalize work along the
corners there so I'll tape this all up
get it ready to go finish that up after
I do another project and let me go to
I'm have to tilt the camera on this one
alright this particular door right here
is a mess is the one I made that mistake
on right down here I don't think that
you can see that on the camera I don't
think that it's going to show up I'll
see it when I see it on a bigger screen
the five and a half inch screen is nice
but a 32 inch screen is a little bit
better so I'll see if I can even see
that mistake it's right down here along
the bottom and I don't like the way the
whole door feels I love the width the
texture that's on these other doors is
absolutely fantastic and
after I get this fixed I'm making I'm
gonna make a standalone video on how I
fix this alright so we'll do that later
on this cabinet over here on the side of
the cabinet it is also the Formica of
the countertop let me tilt that down so
you can see the countertop it's the same
Formica is on the side of this box as
well so this is also painted white just
like this other cabinet here alright
which also had the Formica on it okay so
that's going to wrap it up I think for
this one here you get a general idea of
what the cabinets look like when they're
done they will be slightly whiter
slightly brighter but you really won't
be able to tell on a video just to final
touch-up things and things like that
things of that nature but in the long
run I don't think I spent a hundred
bucks it's my time and energy and stuff
like that and labor is very expensive
but you know I had the time you know I
mean I got the time make the time do
whatever I do whenever I whenever do
what I can the best that I can whenever
I have the opportunity to do it get the
job done and put forth the effort to
quality effort to get the job done right
the first time except for that one door
and you see the result alright the
entire room was pretty much this color
right here but now look at this room
it's nice it's bright its light its Airy
I think on a level of difficulty this is
probably level one all you have to do is
take your time relax go easy go slow if
you make a mistake fix it right away
with the rules of painting don't make a
mistake if you make a mistake fix it if
you can't fix it it was like that when
you got here and if that doesn't fly
blame it on the wall guy all right it's
humor if you're a wall guy don't be
blaming me that's what we always said
painting anyway so with that you get an
idea the thing looks nice and bright in
the airy and open there's a couple of
things I want you to think about I'm
gonna add to this video thing this is
indeed a dish rack okay
we do manually wash our dishes we do not
use a dishwasher in fact this set of
drawers right here is where the
dishwasher would go we also do not have
one of those little food grinder things
a disposal we do not have a disposal and
of our properties I am going to talk
about that in home ownership and I got
to mention another thing you see the
kitchen over there you should be able to
see the refrigerator right there has a
water dispenser thing and an ice
dispenser thing there is no water
connected to the refrigerator either I
will make a standalone video on that
specific issue of water being anywhere
than the sink faucet all right it's a
very important video I think it's a very
important issue and I will make a
standalone video on that so with that
until I catch you in the next video
alright take care and be well