there's a little oh yeah you're there so
enchanting here I love it yeah love our
home all right well uh what chanting too
I know and everything she brought today
is too and when I see beautiful flower
like these I think of Mother's Day of
course and just in time we partnered
with retailmenot and we're giving away
10 $1,000 cash cards to 10 lucky moms
and all you have to do is upload a video
of your kids telling us why you are the
best mommy in the world that's right and
all entries must be under 30 seconds in
length and the 10 winning videos will be
announced on our home and family
Facebook page on Friday May sixth so for
all you mothers days out all your
mother's day savings be sure to download
the RetailMeNot mobile app thousands of
online and in-store coupons are waiting
there for you all right filling us in on
one of the most popular flowering plants
in the world surely Bob Shaw talking
about the gerber bear garba do ever dare
hey Dad which one is it that's always
thought it was a gerber daisy up until
today I didn't oh no that's good Gerber
gerbera gerbera okay and actually people
in the garden industry we all say it
differently but we all know what we're
talking about it out we're talking about
the fifth most popular cut flower in the
world and you can see why look at how
beautiful and colorful and bold it's
like a party it's a happy thing it is a
happy flower man the colors are so
vibrant well how many varieties of these
are there well there's three different
types that I wanted to present to you
guys today so that you can understand
you know am I getting the right gerbera
for my yard okay first of all I have
some indoor and I have outdoor ones and
they are different right here this
beautiful little petite one is an indoor
gerbera what makes this different from
the medium and the large which are for
the outside these are going to stay
small and they're only going to bloom
for a short time you're at a short okay
short meaning about maybe two months
okay and but a really interesting thing
about them guys is that these will
probably give you about 15 max
flowers throughout that season which is
good for an indoor plant right because
it has a very small root system this is
and i'm going to show you can't wait to
show you the big root system but this is
a small root system so it's just going
to give you that much and then you can
change it out i have it in a pretty
little aussie yeah it's cute but that is
a beautiful little plant and it also has
the distinction guys I'm really happy to
announces that NASA made an extensive
study about plants that clean the air
and this gerbera daisies the number one
flowering plant ha that cleans benzene a
toxic chemical out of the air and it
emits oxygen and it just is an
incredible company little guy yeah yeah
it's a worker here we're being Laur yes
now we go to our outdoor barrel now what
I need to say about outdoor is if any of
you have had failure with gerbera
daisies in the past it's for a reason
you know gerbera daisies by nature they
attracted past and they had diseases but
there's been a lot of innovations and
there's breeders all over the world but
especially one in Holland that has
created this one the middle one this one
is an absolutely jaeger venia is a
disease resistant plant and it also has
a distinction that you could plant it in
the garden in the ground or you could
keep it as a beautiful potted plant
stand aside it no I'm patio outdoors ok
think that these don't want a lot of Sun
they don't want direct Sun so you keep
it in a patio or maybe in a little
dappled shade now in all places of the
country you can have this in your garden
except for where you get really really
cold you want to make sure that you know
you get another new one mix here or you
bring it indoors but us and people in
Florida Texas we can plant this in the
ground and it'll come back again next
year how do we know which one when we're
in are going to buy the the flowers
which one are indoors and which one are
outdoors all say it yes yes I always
look for a tag you guys signed a floral
this one says patio and it's exactly
what i want to tell you this is the
third time this is the patio gerbera and
the patio gerber as you can see what it
says yeah it's robier and what's really
awesome about this you could see the
sturdy stems it
sturdy your stina this is what you want
in your patio under shade like this
where you can cut these and put them in
your house you want to have a gerbera
daisy that you can use for cut flowers
this is it and so this you put in a pot
I have beautiful examples here in the
front different colors look at the
different bicolor patio gerber you cut
them up they done are they going to come
in no and you know why look at this root
system it has different what they call
crowns one two three four or five it
just keeps growing and spreading and
multiplying and each of this is
responsible for five to ten flowers so
can you imagine this one you can have a
hundred flowers in one season and we're
talking from spring to frost this one in
your patio it will have at least four
flowers at any given time I don't these
are strong how do you take care of them
and water them do we need to feed them
flat food okay it does want you to be
nice to them in the sense that perfectly
in a perfect world you want to feed them
a fertilizer for flowering plants once a
week but if you can't do that at least
once a month and that is enough to keep
it pumping out flowers and the other
thing is you want to make sure you water
it from underneath into the soil you
don't want to ever wet your why not yeah
because then you can get funguses and
stuff and though this is resistant to
disease you don't want to mess with it
so I would water it here and make sure
that it just stays a little bit moist
not super soaked never dry okay never
try