[Music]
so let's talk about how to clean these
rubberized car mats basically we'll zoom
in here on this
one you can kind of see the dirt and
grime in there there's nothing like
terrible on it that we can't clean off
pretty easily with some allpurpose
cleaner so what I'm going to be using is
simple green and I also have some purple
Power there either one will work any all
purpose cleaner then I got that little
scrub brush you can get those at Walmart
or any just any cheap Dollar Store
something like that and basically we're
just going to spray this down with the
cleaner scrub on it a little bit hose it
off and see what it looks like you might
have a couple spots that you need to
redo but just in one uh one application
of it it should do pretty well so let's
do that
[Music]
now
[Music]
wow
[Music]
all right so looking at how it looks
that's pretty good for one try there's
still a few uh spots of like tar or
something in there so we'll just go
ahead and put some purple Power on that
and see if that that'll take that off a
little bit
[Music]
better
[Music]
[Music]
so there's after the second time of
scrubbing them pretty much got
everything overall looks pretty good I'm
just going to set it out let it air dry
and then we'll show you what it looks
like when it's completely dry so here's
the finished product both mattes clean
dry kind of give you an idea
what they look like looks pretty good
and again this was really simple all we
did was spray that on there scrub it
reassess after that if we needed a
little bit more and let them dry that's
pretty much it very simple and makes
them look a lot
better