hi this is Pamela Morgan for flirting
with flavors you know so many people ask
me about how I make my homemade nutmilk
and why I make it when you can buy it at
the store well homemade is so much
better for you I'm using organic cashews
today and I soak them overnight in order
to soften them make sure that your
cashews are not roasted and they're not
salted we start with with raw cashew
nuts and these are going to go in my
Vitamix along there's two cups of these
I'm going to use four cups of water
although you could use as much water as
you like I still like my nutmilk to be a
little creamy and then I'm going to
sweeten them with
dates these are soft nice and soft and
no seeds we don't want any seeds in your
blender and then I'm going to spice it
up a little bit I love vanilla in my
nutmilk you could also o use cinnamon
you could use chai spice you could use
Cayenne whatever you want you know it
flavors we like to spice it up a bit so
I'm adding my soaked and drained cashews
to my
blender along with four cups of
water and my sweetener my dates natural
sweetener dates if you wanted you could
add sugar I like like to keep my sugar
content down a little bit and then my
flavoring some vanilla one
tablespoon but again this is all to your
taste you can make it however you
like put my lid
on our nutmilk is all Blended and I love
to save it in this little container in
my
refrigerator and then I'm going to use
the extra that I have for this nice
fresh cup of
coffee it's so delicious M great way to
start your morning this is Pamela Morgan
for flirting with flavors helping you
find your spice and ignite your Sizzle
please subscribe to our YouTube channel
and let me know no how do you use
nutmilk I'd love to get your recipes