hey guys my name is Marco and today I
want to tell you about an amazing
product for cleaning rifles and shotguns
basically our product is made from felt
which itself is made from wool it has
incredible properties allow it to remove
dirt and gunpowder deposits from your
guns barrel also after cleaning the gun
when you use our felt pads you will
apply the best possible protection with
oil until the next time you use your
weapon every package contains a certain
number of felt pads and an adapter you
can mount on it and use with your
cleaning pad after mounting you simply
apply some cleaning spray on the felt
and you are going to make a couple of
strokes through the barrel best
practices show you how to do it at least
10 times simply follow this
straightforward cleaning procedure which
I will now describe so the first thing
you're going to do is where you see this
this nut right here you screw it off off
of the adapter you take it off the
adapter then you take the wall filled
plug and you square it on to this end of
the adapter like that until it's snug up
and up against this side here and then
you take the nut and you put it back
onto the adapter on on the side where
the plug is you make sure that that is
that's tight yeah and you then you take
this and you put it on to the very top
of the rod cleaning rod that you're
going to be using for cleaning the
barrel of your weapon now that is ready
to clean the gun so now let's move on to
that so now the next thing we're going
to do is going to apply cleaning spray a
few times to the felt plug before
cleaning the weapon so
we're going to do that a couple of times
and that will be enough and put that
down there next thing you want to do is
you want to make 10 10 strokes inside of
the barrel basically you want to do it
at least 10 times and if you do it a
couple of extra times few extra is not
going to hurt it's just extra cleaning
for the weapon so essentially go back
and forth these ten times and you know
end up doing a couple of strokes
so as you can see the felt is very dirty
which is good means they got all the
dirt out it got all the extra gunpowder
out of the barrel and that's we want you
want to get the dirt and the Gunpowder
out and then the next phase when we
apply the oil we're going to apply some
very long-term durable protection for
your gun which will make it more
accurate last a longer time and just
generally protect your weapon so once
you've cleaned your weapon with the
cleaning spray you can leave it for an
hour to or overnight depending on your
cleaning routine and after that the next
step is to take some some oil and to
apply it to a fresh new felt a couple
times that's it
and what you want to do at that point is
the same thing so essentially you want
to fly to the weapon
same thing 10 more times
once you do that you are going to have
durable protection for your weapon until
the next season when you're ready to use
it again either on the firing range or
on the hunting ground so for the shotgun
the procedure is basically the same so
one little difference here is you have
these two in addition to the nut it's
what you do is you you take the thinking
that off of the adapter
take one of the washers off one of the
washers off you leave one washer on
there put the felt onto the adapter then
you take the first washer they took off
you put it back on top of the felt and
finally you take the nut and you screw
it back on top the first washer then you
take that screw that on top of top of
the cleaning rod
so again just as with the rifle before
cleaning the weapon you just give it a
couple of sprays with a cleaning spree
start here
and again same thing you make n so the
last step as with the rifle is to apply
some cleaning oil to the felt and your
gun will last a very very long time
and that would be that now we are
providing a couple of different calibers
seven of them to be exact starting with
223 also we have 2 for 3 and 270 we also
have cleaning felts for 30 which
includes 30 06 308 300 Winchester
regular and 300 Winchester short magnum
we also have felts 4 12 and 20 gauge
shotguns and 28 gauge is coming soon we
will introduce more calibers in the
future until then thank you and see you
soon