I am Daniel Powter and we are here at TV
TV and we will be preparing for today
I think the best tip to cook the burger
at home the most important is of course
the meat to have a good percentage of
fat in your burger but not too much
I would set on an ideal it's about 15 to
20 percent to have a very good cast-iron
pan or barbecue grill what's amazing
with the cast-iron pan as long as we
have a heat that's work as well as the
gas stove or electric stove or anything
and the seasoning is very sample is salt
and pepper on the burger maybe a little
drizzle of oil on top of the burger just
as you flip it into the pan first let's
say for a burger with about 3/4 of an
inch to 1 inch thick and you're gonna
turn it maybe twice if you leave about 3
minutes on each side every time in a
very hot grill it should be perfect have
all you ingredients very fresh and
prepared ahead while the burger is
cooking the lettuce is slice the tomato
is slice the onion is slice the cheese
is slice the bacon is crispy the buns
are ready to be toasted and I do put a
little ketchup on one side of the bun
and a little bit of French mustard
because I like Dijon mustard on my
burger and I feel them putting it on the
bun is less messy than trying to put it
after its go and you have to be generous
with your burger tomato not contain
enough lettuce and it's just assembling
new burger at the last minute you want
the burger to go from the pan to the
play
[Music]
you
[Music]