if you notice that one of the doors on
your Samsung refrigerator is not level
with the other there is a simple
adjustment to be made to fix it follow
along with this video to learn how to
level your appliances doors first make
sure that the doors need adjusting and
not the refrigerator itself if one door
is not higher than the other you may
need to adjust the refrigerator's legs
instead of the door use a level if
you're not sure when it is decided that
the door itself is the problem open the
door and insert an allen wrench into the
hinge pin hole note that on models which
a lower freezer drawer or additional
refrigerator drawer that drawer must be
open to access the hinge pin hole turn
the Allen wrench to the right or to the
left until the door reaches the
appropriate height then remove the
wrench you may want to check the
accuracy of your adjustment with the
level French door models only allow
adjustment on the right side door