[Music]
hi it's Rosie cake Diva and today I'm
just going to go through a very easy
recipe for modeling chocolate modeling
chocolate's really popular at the moment
for making sugarcraft figures and I use
it all the time however some of the
recipes have ingredients that can be
quite hard to get a hold of so I've got
a recipe that uses really easy to find
supermarket ingredients now I usually
mix my modeling choc chocolate with
fondant or sugar paste and I go into a
lot more detail when I do my figures
class so if you want to see that in a
lot more detail I'll put the link down
below now the ingredients I'm using are
250 g of white chocolate this is just
ordinary white chocolate from the
supermarket cut into chunks and I've got
100 G of golden syrup that's 100 G by
weight which is about 75 mlit in volume
and I've also got some Saran Wrap or
cling film ready for this recipe now the
first thing I'm going to do is melt the
chocolate I'm just going to do it in the
microwave I'm going to do it in small
burst cuz I don't want to overheat it
you can do it on the stove if you prefer
and find that
easier so I've melted my chocolate and
I'm just mixing it to make sure that
it's smooth one thing that people often
get wrong is to have the chocolate too
warm so if it is warm because you've
melted it make sure you're patient and
wait for it to cool down a bit so it
still melted but it's not got as much
heat in it now I've also heated the
syrup syrup is very heavy to pour so
I've only heated it enough so that it'll
pour a little bit smoothly but again
don't overheat it now before I mix the
two together I need to get my cing film
ready because this all happens quite
quickly so I'm just going to open up the
cling film ready to accept my modeling
chocolate so now that I'm ready to go
I'm just going to pour in the golden
syrup and mix it
until it's all Incorporated but I don't
want to overdo it and as soon as it's
ready I want to pour it onto my cing
film
[Music]
[Music]
so very simply once you've poured it
onto your cing film you just need to
spread it out this just helps it to set
a little quicker there we go and you're
nearly
[Music]
done once you've wrapped it just leave
it overnight to set you can pop it in
the fridge if you want which will speed
the process up but what you'll end up
with is something hard like this now now
all you need to do now is break off a
chunk and warm it with your hand or even
better in the microwave very gently and
you'll get back to the consistency that
you can use for modeling here I've just
done a little quick Rose here with some
modeling chocolate petals or you can
model anything you like now I hope you
found that useful just be careful if
you're in a hot country cuz you may need
to use a little less syrup or if you're
in a cold country you may prefer to use
a little bit more but this recipe works
really nicely for me hope it helps you
don't forget to subscribe and thank you
for watching
[Music]