all right what is up guys so today we're
going to be making this little ninja
star to triple point so it has three
points and it's modular so that means
you have three pieces at once certain
amount of pieces that you put together
in this case will have three pieces that
are exactly the same but we'll put
together so we can make one piece and
then we'll make two more and then go
from this so what you're going to need
is an eight-and-a-half by 11 copy paper
or any square paper so this is a
rectangle we're going to turn into a
square so you can use square paper
already and it'll be good so what you're
going to do is obviously going to make
this square how you do is you're going
to fold this top edge along this side
edge or you fold the topic the edge long
message so let's fold it this way
try to make it much of a point at this
point this point should be is like
pretty sharp should be a point and then
once you get it in position just crease
the whole thing down like that and what
you're going to have to do now what
you're going to want to do is flip it
over and this piece right here this
little flat that's the extra flap you're
going to want to fold back until you
come up and line up with this bottom
with this bottom piece right here so
then once you do that then you just
crease it like so and then what you're
going to want to do is you can rip it
right now or you can fold it back on
itself a couple more times if you want
or need so just fold it back on itself
crease it down go ahead and rip it off
and this piece is gone and put to the
side so we do not need that so what
you're going to do so you have this
little crease right here so what you're
going to do is take this corner and fold
it to this corner now since the other
corners are folded so take that corner
fold it up towards that corner try to
line it up the best you can and make a
crease on your bottom you're going to do
is just flip this so the triangular part
so it faces like that so the one points
at the bottom what you're going to do is
take this side
this side right here and you're going to
want to fold it up so it meets with this
top piece right here both layers so
you're going to want both layers you're
going to go ahead and just take that
line it up and go ahead and crease it
down just like so then what you're going
to notice that you can have this top
piece that you just fold it down with
the big triangle and then you can have
this other triangle on the side there's
right triangle so what you're going to
want to do is take this edge and line it
up with this edge words comes in like
this so just like and it's going to be
easier if you hold on the ground put it
on the ground rather than holding it so
basically what we did is we just took
this and folded it to meet up with that
edge right there and then we just
creased the rest of it like that now
what you're going to do is turn this
completely around like this and you
notice how you have so what you're going
to want to do next you'll notice how you
have this edge on the side that you just
made well the fold is we're going to
want to take this at that edge you're
going to want to meet it with this top
edge just like this and go ahead and
make a crease now if you notice after
you do that you should have this little
shape so we can get it a little shape
right here in the corner that looks like
a little kite shape or what you're going
to want to do is same way you just
folded it you're going to want to fold
that kite shape in half like this it's
going to get a little thick right here
so make sure you get your good creases
what you're going to do is go ahead and
unfold by grabbing this so just unfold
bring it all the way out like that then
also this little flap right here you
know one unfold - so now you notice
we're back to this triangle now the
small triangle though the right
triangles on the left side so this
little this top piece kind of right here
what you're going to want to do is fold
it down so it should meet up with that
so just fold it on this crease
just like that so to me up that Greece
now what you're going to want to do is
just these top two so just this little
clap right here these top two flaps you
want to fold this bottom piece and
you're going to want to fold it along
the side where I here just like that now
this is going to be a little bit pain so
what you're going to want to do now is
you're going to take this piece so it's
the same piece with the two flaps and
you're going to want to line it up with
this piece so it's not going to be very
big but you're just going to want to
line it up with that just like that
now here's when it gets tricky because
it's hard to see but I'm going to try to
show you the best I can so we got this
crease this current crease this is
current crease we have right now well
what you're going to want to do now is
you see where this meets up it'll meet
up with this they'll be this little so
this little point right here is going to
meet up but it does not meet on the
crease we're going to want to make a pen
mark where the crease is or where that
meets the crease so it's going to be a
little bit to the left because this is
where the crease is currently and this
is where you want to put it so then
you're just going to make so and at the
top it's going to be right where that
crease is just right with increases so
what you're going to want to do is take
this piece just the top layer and you're
going to want to fold it so you can meet
so the corners will meet there so
basically what I mean is
so this corner is going to meet the
corner is going to meet right on top of
that pant line and then you're going to
want to make the rest of it so it meets
up with that other pen line where the
creases and just crease it down like
that now what you're going to want to do
is unfold just this part just this one
part so keep the triangle part folded
down and what you're going to want to do
is you're going to want to fold the
whole entire thing so it'll be on this
crease down you're going to want to fold
it all over top and then you see how you
have these two little creases left what
you're going to do is just keep wrapping
it around
so fold that one make sure you pull it
tight on this one and you're going to
want to fold it down like that so it's
going to come up to a point like that
then you notice it doesn't go all the
way down the bottom that's fine so what
you're going to want to do is you see
how they have this little point right
here that goes over we have this little
pocket right here so what we're going to
want to do is we're going to fold this
tip down until we meet up with that
pocket what we're going to want to do is
put the pocket and then we're going to
put that inside the little pocket and
that gives you one piece that we're
going to need and we're going to need
three total so once you're done with
those three should have something that
looks like that three of them look
exactly the same you don't want to do
flip them all over but you notice that
you have this thicker pocket right here
but on this side you have a skinner box
so what you're going to want to be doing
is taking take two of them just like
this and what you're going to do is put
this tip inside this pocket so you want
to put it not in this front pocket but
you flip it upside down and put it in
the skinnier pocket just slide it
straight down as far as it will go just
like that and what you're going to do is
take next one you're going to stick it
inside this other skinny pocket right
here the same tip and then what you're
going to do with this since it's like
this you're going to want to put this
piece underneath so this last piece
you're going to want to put underneath
the first piece that you put in this
just like that and then same thing as
before so you're going to want to round
this corner this tip off because you're
gonna want to put it inside this little
pocket I'm going to round it off go
ahead and slide it in there that's why
you want to round it off so go in there
easily once you get that all the way in
make sure you flatten it out like that
and there you have your triple ninja
star so I hope this helped and we'll see
on the next video