hey guys it's Margaret from this lady
rides today's video is going to be a
little bit different than my normal
videos normally I share about our rides
and trips that we take on our
motorcycles but when we're not on our
bikes I'm a professional sewing
instructor and seamstress today's
project that I'm working on happens to
cross over into both of my worlds so
thought I'd go ahead and record
something that I thought would be useful
for a lot of riders and that's going to
be how to remove a patch from your
leather vest jacket or chaps so my
husband Scott got a new vest a few weeks
ago and he wanted to go ahead and take
his name rocker off of this vest and
place it on his new vest so in order to
do this you're going to need a couple of
tools you're going to need a seam ripper
and if you're not familiar with seam
rippers you can purchase them at most
fabric or craft stores or some little
scissors preferably ones that have a
curve tip that's going to allow you to
remove the stitches without tearing your
leather the first thing you want to do
is to locate the patch that you want to
remove and we're going to turn the
jacket
over what we're going to do is we're
going to locate the stitches that are on
the inside of the patch that we want to
remove now to make this easier for you
guys to see I'm going to go ahead double
check I've got the right patch and I'm
going to highlight those stitches
in
pink flip over make sure I'm not missing
[Music]
anything so what we're going to do is
we're going to find some of those
stitches we're going to take the seam
ripper and we're going to place the
point under those stitches now the area
that actually cuts on a seam ripper is
this little u-shape area are the reason
I'm working on the back side instead of
the front side is because I don't want
to damage the patch and I also don't
want to damage the leather you can use
the same technique to remove Patches
from something that you want to continue
to
wear you're just going to go along in
different spots going up under the
stitches and breaking them if you don't
have a seam ripper and you're using
Little Snips you're going to do the
exact same thing just find one of the
stitches and go under it you'll just
snip all the way around the entire patch
until it's loose I'm going to show you
an alternative if you're having a hard
time seeing the stitches on the back
side and I do want to warn you if you
try this you have to go really slow and
be very careful so you want to get it
started on the back and then you can
kind of lift up you'll see the next set
of
stitches and you can go in and snip them
the same way if you're working with a
seam ripper you can go
in and break those
Stitches the reason I like to do it the
other way though is because I don't want
to
accidentally dig that seam ripper or the
Snips into the leather or the patch and
ruin them and you just kind of snip and
pull you would just go ahead and keep
snipping same as you would on the back
all the way around the entire patch
until you're able to remove it so once
all of the threads have been broken from
either the front or the back you can
remove your patch either place it on
something new or if you took it off in
order to place a new patch on you want
to go ahead and clean your leather with
some leather cleaner and place your new
patch on if you have any questions about
how to remove a patch let me know in the
comment section if you're not already a
subscriber be sure to click the
Subscribe button and visit this lady
rides.com