hi there today I'm making liver and
bacon I just run through the ingredients
and the cooking process and then after
that mush you go ahead and do it so what
we need is liver vessel to get is the
Lambs live-oaks that's need to be the
most tender and bacon usually bit care
for the bacon because it varies a much
in saltiness so it's best to leave
salting or seasoning the liver and bacon
and alas the planet have salty the bacon
is that you using the I'm not using my
own beef stock homemade beef stock where
you can use a beef cube obviously onion
and just for interest on putting in a
couple of mushrooms there's a glass of
seasoning I'm putting in a cup of bay
leaves and I'll chop up some sage and a
bit of rosemary and that should do it
now
because they cook at different paces
I'll just do saute the onion first then
I'll set that aside a bit on um do the
bacon again set it aside after taking
the rind off and with the lamb fries
needs to be I think the thick of doing
lamb fries to have the heat quite high
so if you do it slowly it tends to get
quite tough and chewy if you fast fry it
and you tend to have quite a nice soft
and delicate texture to it and this will
be first of all seasoned in some so
rolled with some seasoned flour and also
cut into fairly regular thin strips and
just do it few at a time and a fairly
heavy bottomed pan so you get good heat
distribution
okay I'll start off with doing the onion
and what's that's so team I'll prepare
the lamb fries okay back soon that's the
onions chopped up just put them into the
fry pan with the oil in it and it's just
on a fairly medium to a low heat and
they just stay in the pan until they're
transparent and once they're transparent
I'll take them out of the pan put them
aside and start to cook the bacon right
that's the onion is pretty much done
let me see they're they're transparent
and want to get them out of here before
they start they're use the same pan to
fry the bacon there is one find the
bacon
is it's easier to take the rind off you
took or partly cooked and then I can
also cut it up into better side pcs so
while that's happening with the bacon
I'll start preparing the fans fried and
it's suggested first you wash it and
then just dry take out of the packet
move another tack
besides if any of these parts can be bit
hard so they can be removed
just cut that off
okay
which is be okay and what I want to do
now have to impede clearly the Messiah
citizen so no they will shrimp
to move that one that should be saving
to the cup
and take a duel at all put some flour in
thinking black boys better get the flour
put some flour in that's the flour you
call the play more flour put that into
the
then some salt just seasoned flour let's
put some salt in and some pepper
I'm using ground white pepper
and then
with the liver is flour combined at the
liver County
so basically what happens is when the
bluebird thing cook beauties that come
out with the absorb all the flower and
also when putting the liver into the
gravy of stock to have an effect on
thicken the slot below the flour
leftover just weed that a tie but you
might want to use that flour to thicken
the top of it kind of it clear after
cooking
so I've taken the bacon out of the
frypan and I'm just cutting it up and
putting it into the side dish before I
assemble the whole thing so just easier
way to get the bacon off when it's
cooked get the ride off the bacon I cook
and then that wine will go out on the
limb Peter probably right that's that so
I got this on a fairly high heat is that
a bit more well and what I'm going to
try and do is to run up the woods
flash-fry wouldn't work with the liver
so the key is to the fright quickly once
it's been season and don't put it in all
at once because it brings down the
temperature of the oil that was quite
one - really cool
Oh tips
thank you do it just let that cook and
don't let me cook right through because
what's going to happen after this is
done then we put into a bowl and put in
the oven I'll switch the oven or now I
did about 170 and if we put out 45
minutes an hour the ingredients don't
have to be exact so which is so much
onion liver bacon did you feel like
cooking there you see
yes
talking about five and once that's done
I can then move that aside to the rest
of the bacon add the rest of the liver
and then it's ready to be assembled just
flush buying the second batch of liver
pretty much
nothing put that before it now
two years now I'm not going to precook
the mushrooms I just put those straight
in and mushrooms optional too if you
find a pan or will bowl on the right
size take all your reviews that should
do it
I think so here we go so let's put in
the bacon onions
mix it up a bit
nothing and here
you should be I'll just coarsely chop
them some sage cuffed up couple of a
leaves with a rosemary again bottle and
I won't put any salt in because a the
salt on the seasoning and there might be
quite a bit of salt in the bacon so the
best to let it cook first but I put a
bit more pepper in there you go and last
but not least a big stop
so the rest of that will be and can you
say probably 11 o'clock and that can go
into the oven I said about 160 170 for
maybe about 45 minutes so to set the
timer and then we'll come back and see
what it's like that's been cooking about
40 minutes it more light on the subject
and as you can see it's really woke up
the
gravy might be bit thin action pop what
I'll do I'll just add in some flour just
to thicken it up a bit so I'll take some
of the flour from what we for spin about
enough not too much
he's always mix that through
and I'll put that back in the oven just
to get the flour to cook thicken up the
gravy a bit right so just finished it's
50 minutes or so in the oven and that's
what it should look like it's probably
point being might need just to taste it
and adjust the seasoning whatever you
like don't forget to take out the bay
leaves and Bon Appetit