get a mate today I'm gonna make a
healthy head like biscuits what's in
that day you have the way to find out
ugh this recipe so let's get started in
a bowl place the brown rice flour off
ground almonds rolled oats just got a
coconut and coconut sugar mix until well
combined in the saucepan melt some
coconut oil some maple syrup and by cop
side up or if you're American baking
soda give it a stir and then take it off
the heat place it back in the bowl give
it a big stir then out of the water mix
until well combined that looks so good
Thank You bench baking tray then skirt
balls onto the tray squash them down
with your hand placed in the oven for 15
minutes or until golden brown
Wow look at that
the insight this game was made in World
War one when soldiers wives had to make
a food to ship overseas to the
frontlines what they make an Anzac
biscuit well it's a coke biscuit we just
called the Anzac biscuit after exact
answer Australian and New Zealand Army
Corps is like that it is a day that we
remember all Australian and New
Zealanders who served and died in war
today
Steph has a first Anzac biscuit I am so
excited give it a job melts right in
your mouth
cover me oh yeah just like oatmealy and
and soft and delicious and somehow
they're good for you
I have to do that I'm a genius he's been
the one song from the recipe give me a
rough you guys he made it a million
times to make sure it was right just for
you I'm at least 7 times you'll knit
about four times what brings brown our
recipe today we're wearing our singlet
shorts and thought just for the lobby we
hope you guys try them and when you do
don't forget to send us a picture you
can click on those related videos over
there and definitely don't forget to
subscribe have a great anzac day
and if you're not in Australia or New
Zealand and you don't celebrate it you
could have a great and I protect you by
making these cookies