the things you'll need to make this
recipe are two apples uncooked steel cut
oats ground flax seed raisins maple
syrup fat-free milk walnuts and
cinnamon peel core and cut the apples
into half in
pieces coat the inside of your slow
cooker with cooking
spray and then we just add all of the
[Music]
ingredients 1 and 1/2 cups of water
[Music]
1 and 1/2 cups of milk and I actually
prefer vanilla soy milk it makes it
taste really good but for the purposes
of this video and following the
Pinterest recipe I'm going to use
fat-free
milk one cup of your steel oats
[Music]
2 tablespoon of your sweetener you can
use brown sugar honey or any other
sweetener you like but I like maple
syrup
[Music]
half a teaspoon of
[Music]
cinamon 1 tbspoon of the ground flax
seed
[Music]
a pinch of salt
[Music]
stir cover and cook on low for about 7
hours
[Music]
once it's done spoon the oatmeal into
bowls and then you can add the optional
toppings I'm adding raisins and
walnuts for
well thank you so much for watching my
first recipe video so give me a thumbs
up if you like it or comment down below
and let me know if you tried it and if
you liked it and don't forget to check
out all my friends down in the
description box so you can see some more
crockpot recipes if this is your first
time watching me don't forget to
subscribe and I will talk to you guys in
the next video bye
[Music]