hi everyone damn board lights we are
making oven roasted baby potatoes this
recipe is so simple and takes no time to
put together let's get started so I have
here a pound and a half of baby potatoes
which I've washed and placed into a
baking dish
I'm pouring over three to four
tablespoons of olive oil and I'm going
to season my potatoes with some salt
black pepper rosemary and thyme now I'm
using dried herbs because I thought I
had available at the time but of course
if you have fresh herbs in your garden
that you want to use go ahead and do so
also you can add any other additional
seasonings you may like such as some
minced garlic okay so I am now my
slaughtering the potatoes with the oil
and spices and I'm going to place my
potatoes into a preheated 375 degree
oven and roast them for 30 to 40 minutes
or until pork tender if you're lucky to
make these amazing baked potatoes into a
formula click the link to check out my
recipe video for some finger-licking
delicious spicy cranberry chicken I want
to thank you all for watching and I hope
you enjoyed making this quick and easy
recipe please don't forget to subscribe
to my channel for more simple and
delicious recipes if you haven't done so
yet and share it in the comments section
below what your favorite potato recipes
are I'll see you in the next video
thanks for watching