hey guys it's no good since here and I'm
back with another speed build
I'm studying off it a little bit of an
announcement my grandfather died the
other day and I'm recording this well
there's a lot of people that's there's
talking about all the things that have
to be taken care of so if I'm a little
bit awkward or silent or say I'm a lot
it's just um a little distracted that's
normal and also I might not be able to
upload on Thursday because of all this
I'm sure you guys can understand I will
try to upload upload anyways because I
think that building is a good
distraction for me it's not much I can
do anyways I mean my parents and my
uncles and aunts they will be taking
care of almost everything that's a dull
job I suppose but I will try to upload
but I cannot promise right now if I will
be able to so in case you're wondering
I'm Thursday where's the video might not
be there if you follow me on twitter
I'll keep you updated again I'll try to
upload but no promises on that anyway so
building a little Japanese style garden
or Chinese I don't know difference
between all the different Asian styles
that's the thing about being in Europe
we don't see a lot of Asian architecture
but I'm I guess this is more than
Japanese style at least to me it is but
we built this little pavilion thing it's
really cute I think lots of that and
show you open which I like because it's
a garden cycle swap also it's not a park
in case you're wondering and this is a
national park because I spun it off
building this is a park
then a little Walpole you can see me
going to the information screen and I
noticed that if you want to build a park
you need like a lot of things you need
the monkey bars you need a blade brownie
need toilet so you need chess table and
I didn't even want you need so many
things and this is just a small build
kind of so there was no way I will be
able to put all these things in there so
I instead changed it into a national
park which is I mean a little bit weird
but it was just a solution for the
ridiculous requirements for making a box
in case you don't have outdoor retreat
um yeah sorry but that's assume outdoor
sweet stuff in you as well so it
probably wouldn't look so nice anyways
but if you want it and you don't have
Auto to it just let me know and I can
maybe make some edits and all that and
then I'll load another version of it for
you anyways here we go we put in this
little pond with a bridge over it which
again I think it's just awesome I've
been doing so all these Falcons lately I
initially didn't use them so much when
the search for came out because I just I
didn't like him so much but recently
I've been loving them especially since
we got all the different kind of water
types but get together
I think definitely helped those were all
because not all of the fountains are the
same
but yeah we go in putting in this pink
awesome kind of trees as also my
groceries I suppose oh I like the green
trees are they big sweet stuff but we
end up changing one of the trees for one
of the twists in the movie hang out pack
with the lights because I thought it was
really cute also the light that came
with the outdoor tweet back there it's
so good for this build like I've not I
very very rarely use them because the
spell is so much different from anything
we have in game but it worked very well
because they have kind of an Asian vibe
to them in my opinion I mean maybe you
don't agree but I think they have a very
much in Asian style to them which again
I also hope it's a lot to grow with and
most of the things we got in game but it
was just beautiful for this build so I
put some bamboo around the place I've
been loving the bamboo
if you watched my previous build you
probably know that I cut some bamboo
from this this one place because of the
Sims motion but yeah we put some
greenery around it because if you just
have the bamboo that looks a little bit
I also love what I did with this kind of
fountain I'm thinking it's a pink
what is it it's like this sense kind of
thing I can cover its body just size it
up and put a actual fountain in there it
looks really nice and you know I'm
trying to build another custom fountain
just a little bit different a lot more
modern this one but I didn't know what
else to do
also loving these fish fountain things
and here we go putting in these Lenten
lights making kind of an archway over
the bridge which I think looks really
cute I wasn't too sure about it for a
little bit but any thought about it I
looked at it was like you know what I
can do that and now you put this with a
light in you and a top but you cannot
get but it lights up at nighttime and it
makes it look a much much better I think
try to put these lights on the table
what I wasn't feeling it sighs with
these lanterns in the corners is all and
yeah I end up changing the pavilion
because I didn't like the tables there I
need some more things but it seems to do
they insult pathways those just
something anything which I don't always
like using throwing pain but it works
very well for this build some more
bamboo and all that over here also I
cannot wait for another expansion or
stuff back or anything away because I'm
getting so sick and tired of using the
same things like I'm dead when it comes
to inspiration like this was just an
inspiration thingy that I got Rob
playing overwatch
I think obsessive over lunch
unfortunately because it's not good I
need to be working on my thesis but
that's not happening I don't win anyways
but I got this an inspiration from
playing another game like in the game
the stuff that we have it's just not
enough for me to be able to be like yeah
let's build this that's built this
because everything ends up looking the
same like whenever I build a house the
bathroom sale with the same two
bathrooms they all look the same
well you know again I don't know if all
of people struggle with that as well but
it's kind of a pain for me and here I go
putting rocks around a fountain I only
showed you a little bit because it gets
really boring I suppose looking at me
putting walks all about the fun and I
wouldn't know what to say if he spent
Emma's putting rocks on the fountain so
there's a little cut in a bit yeah and I
just show you real quick what it looks
like I used to have all things from
decoration category for some extra
detailing around the place as I usually
do and just simply put in some walks
around the fountain and a few in the
fountain in the corners as well
you change the water color and swim
around it from the pool category and
then we put some champagne around it as
well
again just for some extra detailing it's
a very simple kind of build so I thought
you two figured I should put in quite a
bit of detail just to make it look
really good and putting in some ways who
ain't paying about the flowers because
that just makes it look more realistic
and more the excelling in terms of
lighting lighting up the place I think
it's always a really good idea
and a foundation I love putting lights
underneath the fish found anything used
to light them up and using these like
fountain jet things with light again
just to light things up a little bit at
nighttime and make it look interesting
as well but here we go change from the
three as I mentioned earlier and up
putting the picnic table over there
because I figured you'd have love like
that and then if you want to go to it my
time and you know have a barbecue or
whatever at the park then you could
easily just do that and still f ups of
like every study table and then just
putting in some greenery around the
place
I wanted to use some mini red pushes but
we didn't really have them like just
some shrubbery and all that but I ended
up going with these flowers from
romantic concept back and I like them
the only thing is that the stems are
like kind of whitish not quite white but
a little wide and I I just wished her a
queen it looks familiar and worked well
having the knot Queen stamps for my
futuristic build yeah I did a little
while back but that's the only time you
can really use them and here they look a
little off but it's a compromise there
weren't any real red flowers except for
that so
they had to do a while get sent to
maintain I'm just putting in all these
there yes with follows and walks and all
that I wanted up treats mostly and then
just a few more Petrus moon dad
also on the lease higher
I stayed up way too late last night
waiting for my fans to come them but
they didn't come home until like 2:00
a.m. and I just said that playing
overwatch and I didn't realize what time
he was like at some point I looked over
and I was like hmm like 1:30 maybe I
should head to bed nice I'm not the
person that stays up online at all like
I usually go and sleep quite early
hoping to wake up at a decent time next
day so that I can do something but
that's not just really messed up and
then they were making a lot of noise
this morning as well so yeah um maybe go
putting in a few of these Wooden's to
see things which I like in this build
it looks really relative part it's
nothing would you usually see in a park
because usually there's only like
benches but I like them they put these
meditations tools around place and then
some yoga mats in the pavilion my trying
like just because it gives us some
something to do because before it was
just the barbecue basically what a grill
whatever you want to call it which I
mean that's ok but I'm just some several
reasons ago here so in case you have any
seams that really go into let's take of
on the scale like meditation yoga and
this would be a really good build for
you probably a very nice place me it
seems to come and just relax and get
focus I suppose but that's pretty much
it I think I mean just a little bit of
greenery over here in this empty space
and that we go into the screenshots as
always if you want to see build
something let me know down in the
comments or on Twitter check the
description if you want to download this
but that's it for me I will talk to you
next time
bye guys