hi everybody and welcome back to my
kitchen today I'm going to show you how
to make not the actual bread but the
garlic dressing that goes on garlic
bread and this is kind of an
old-fashioned way to do it but so far in
this little saucepan I got a stick of
butter real butter and three large
cloves of garlic that I've smashed and
kind of chopped up and a quarter of a
cup of olive oil and I'm going to put
this on a very low medium heat because
you want it to heat slowly I'm going to
throw in it really you should have fresh
parsley but I don't have any so I'm just
using parsley out of a jar I'm going to
throw that in and we're gonna let this
heat up and all melt together and that
you know it could take a little bit of
time but you want the garlic to infuse
into the butter and oil you want it on
you want it garlicky okay and so when
that happens we'll be back all right
we've got our butter and garlic and
parsley and olive oil all melted and I
actually you know you just you just let
it heat up together and let those
flavors meld you don't boil it you just
want to get the flavors to marry and I
wanted to show it to you because I can
only get so much in the frame of this
video with it being close enough for you
to see it all right so here's my bread
and I'm gonna move out a bit for a
little bit and I hate to move that much
all right then I've got this little
brush here and I'm just gonna brush this
on just like that
and you know I would have rather had
fresh parsley but I didn't have any so I
used dried and you know by the time this
stuff cooks together for a while it's
it's a it's parsley tastes like parsley
see
I don't want to get plenty on there cuz
this is not the last step y'all you get
it over here on this one I cut this
bread as evenly as I could I didn't do a
real good job button
I do this the best I could and that's
all you can expect from anybody if
somebody is doing the best they can
don't criticize them
mmm-hmm can you see those pieces of
garlic floating everywhere oh my
goodness
can't wait let's see this was just
enough for you can use a baguette but
this was a Italian bread so it was just
enough for this loaf of Italian bread
no I I got that on there I don't want to
miss a smidgen of it so I'm gonna pour
the rest over this now the next thing
you want to do and be cautious with this
y'all the next thing you want to do is
sprinkle a little bit of salt and don't
overdo it use a little bit I'm out of my
croushore salt so I'll be using this
Himalayans I think what I'm gonna do is
just for some reason well I've noticed
that this Himalayan salt is saltier than
regular table salt that you buy
start on this one
this oughta be enough right here and on
top of that now I do have fresh parmesan
but I was too lazy this too long to get
it ground up so I'm just using my
parmesan out of the jar I'm gonna
sprinkle this with Parmesan both of them
and what how much you use is up to you
just like the salt but I'm telling you
be conscious with the salt here we go
and I'm gonna put this in to a 450
degree oven and I'm gonna let it stay in
there till it's golden brown on top and
then we'll be back well the bread is out
of the oven it took about 15 minutes at
450 in the center rack and it's nice and
crispy I'm gonna get a close-up of it
you can see how crispy the size are and
this will be more tender in here where
the olive oil and stuff is and I'm gonna
try it's very hot see what I do with my
bread knife
I'm gonna try to cut one piece for you
let's see if I can get it better this is
what I'm cutting right here oh listen to
that can you hear it absolutely
delicious
and you know it's not just a top fly for
look at the inside of that bread let me
zoom further in can you see that it
penetrates the bread alright guys if you
try this you're gonna love it give me a
thumbs up if you like the recipe and
please subscribe if you haven't
thank you for spending part of your day
with me and until next time you take
care