[Music]
hey everybody welcome back to my channel
thanks for joining me today hey today I
am making a Mexican soup called pzle and
it is a tradition at Christmas time in
Mexico and I think you guys are going to
like this it's made with chicken and
homon now this is my version that is
very quick to put together um I wanted
to make it easy for you guys so you can
put it together any time of the week so
I'm rock and Robin and I'm going to to
show you how to do it right after
[Music]
this all right we're going to go over
the ingredients so we can get started
all right guys so we're going to need
some chicken broth here uh we'll need
some chicken thighs I like to use the
thighs because the the chicken meat
stays you know moist better than chicken
breast I like it better uh here's our
homon I've got some diced yellow onion
right here I've got my ancho chili
powder I'm using that instead of reg
chili powder I just like the flavor
better here I have some smoked papika
minced garlic a little bit of oregano a
little bit of ground cumin then we're
going to garnish it up with a little bit
of a green cabbage some chopped cilantro
little lime wedges and a little bit of
hot sauce if you want that all right
guys we're going to start here with my
stock pot and I'm going to place my
chicken in there skinside down uh over
medium high heat
so I'm going to add the rest of my
chicken to this some of this is uh
boneless skinless and some of it had
skin on
it so I wanted that um the chicken with
the skin on it to go down first so it
create a little bit of fat and then the
chicken won't stick I'm also going to
add some of the chicken
broth to this to cook
it it's going to take about 20 minutes
or so so got the heat up to medium high
I'm going to cover that and simmer
it all right so once the chicken now is
up to a boil I'm going to cover it just
going to flip these
over like I said we're going to cook
that until it's um you know it's all
done like I said about 20 minutes now in
the meantime while the chicken is doing
its thing I'm going to take my frying
pan here add a little bit of olive oil
to it and we're going to sauté up our
our
[Music]
onions now I'm going to sauté the onions
for about the same amount of time that
the chicken takes to cook so 20 minutes
or so this is what the onions look like
after about 18 minutes of sautéing them
and so now I'm going to add the garlic
to this and sauté it just for another 2
minutes all right so the chicken is done
I'm going to take it out and I'm going
to place it in my dish right behind the
pot here I'm going to let the chicken
cool for a good 10 minutes and then I'm
going to shred up the meat and then
we'll put it back in the pot okay so now
I'm going to take the onion garlic
mixture and place it into my
pot and we're going to place all the
spices in here got the chili
powder the ground cumin smoked
paprika the oregano we need to add a
little salt now this salt is going to be
to taste so we're going to taste this in
a little bit and then add more if we
need it
I'm also going to add some more chicken
broth all right so the chicken I think
is cool enough I'm hoping and so I'm
just going to take off the pieces that
have the skin on it and we'll throw that
part
away and then I'm going to shred the
rest of this up all right now we got the
chicken all shredded up we're going to
add it to the soup now the longer this
simmers guys the better the flavors are
going to be it's one of those things
that you know it just they need to meld
all those flavors so we're going to
simmer this for like an hour and a half
2 hours even the next day is better you
know when you eat it the next day so I'm
going to simmer this like I said for
about an hour and then we're going to
add the homon cuz the homedy doesn't
need to be in there very long all right
so we've been simmering this for about
an hour now I did add some salt to it I
tasted it so that you're going to want
to do that you can adjust your
seasonings now it's time to add the
homon which only will take about 15
minutes to you know get to the right
consistency so put that in and this is
pretty much it guys so another 15
minutes we'll be able to serve this up
all right guys here's our soup that's
really simple to make and you know you
can make it anytime during the week it
just it really does work well okay so
here we go look at how nice and hot this
is let it simmer as long as you can
because those flavors really develop and
it just makes it that much better now
you can garnish this up with a number of
things I like to use green cabbage put a
little bit on top top it really goes
well you can do cilantro you could do uh
diced up radishes uh chips tortillas
whatever you want and of course a little
bit of lime a little bit of fresh lime
on this is really nice really good
flavor all right do I dare to try it
it's a little bit
[Music]
hot the flavor is really good guys this
is very mild in terms of heat so your
kids will love it if you want to bump up
the heat a little bit you can do it in a
number of ways you can add regular chili
powder or you can do like a hot sauce
that I have here like a Tapatio or a
sriracha sauce any of those will work if
you like that heat so give that a shot
all right guys thanks so much for
watching if you haven't subscribed yet
this is your first time here at my
channel be sure and click that button up
there and there's another button down
below and uh please share the video I
really appreciate it when you do that
and leave me a comment if you have any
comments questions leave them down below
in the comments so thanks for watching
we'll see you next time
[Music]