okay so the H brush has come in a set of
four or you can buy them individually um
and you buy brushes specific to your
horse's color um because they all have
different strengths of bristle different
types of bristle um which is quite an
Innovative idea and they're a German uh
brand called H um and you can buy them
online the first brush um that you use
is shimel um and that has much sort of
rougher bristle so it's more like a
short bristled Dandy brush really um and
it's really good for removing stable
stains mod um and works quite well the
only thing I found is that on a more
fine coated horse sometimes it can be a
little bit rough but if you use it a
little bit more gently it works really
well and it's been brilliant for getting
stable stains off um then you move on to
the second brush the lip Zana which is
more like a standard um body brush
although it has slightly raised Edge at
one side and that's really good for
getting the deeper down out of the
horse's coat um and works really well
I've used this one probably more than
most of the others um then you move on
to the finer
brush um the Fela I think that's how you
say it um this is really good if you've
got a very fine coated horse who's quite
sensitive and ticklish it's very soft
but very compact bristles um and again
when you've got a nice clean horse um or
a horse that you're prepping ready for
competition um this is really good to
get that final kind of Polish um and
it's yeah I've use this quite a lot as
well um in conjunction with this which
is a curry comb um again a h curry comb
which I got free with the set um and
that's really good again for cleaning
the brushes um so the final brush is
very luxurious and exclusive um my
children like it cuz it's really soft
it's a sort of almost like a polishing
mitt with a bristle Edge um and again
that's really for your competition use
that final kind of Polish removing any
Trace dust um people kind of ask why
you'd want to buy a set and why you'd
want to use a set instead of just using
one body brush and then maybe a
traditional Dandy brush or Curry com um
I found they're really easy to use
because of the hand straps um you can
get ladies and gent sizes as well so um
they also do a kids version I believe um
so they're really easy to use and
actually get really good effects uh
results with because um of the hand
strap so you can really put sort of
effort into your brushing um and I find
the set actually works quite well I
didn't think I'd use all of them but I
do and it doesn't take any more time
than using um say a brush to remove mod
then a brush to um to clean the coat and
things um I'd say the um first brush
with the stiffer bristles um is really
good at modern stain removal and you can
really kind of scrub it into the coat or
although ticklish ponies and bellies and
things do find it a little bit rough so
you have to be a bit more gentle but
then my horse is quite fussy you can see
her there searching for dad cuz she's
starving um so in all are they worth the
money I think yes um the set retails in
at about Â£60 and you think that's quite
a lot for four brushes but you get your
free Curry con which is a bonus and I do
use that all the time um I'd say that
actually if you package them down
individually they're each worth um their
weight and gold and also they're
exceptionally good quality um I think
they pack a lot of bristle into the
brush um and you can really feel that
working they're all washable they're
easy to look after um and and really
smart so they are a luxury end product
but I think as a whole set of the kind
of things that you will use um and keep
on using uh for many years to come so I
think they are really worth their money
and I'm really glad I discovered them um
and have found their fre up my grooming
game particularly coming into
competition season um so yeah 10 out of
10 for them really great product so
that's the H um brush
set