huh okay what am I gonna do for this
cake uh-huh
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
because
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
make sure the gate gets all crumbled up
then you can add a cream to bind the
cake and make it moist go easy with the
cream just add a little bit at a time it
really helps to mix it up with your
hands so that you can get the feel of it
but just make sure you wash your hands
properly what we want is a dough like
consistency and once you get that
texture get about 2 tbsp of cake mix and
roll it on your palms and make a round
ball a little smaller than a golf ball
and then place it on the plate once
everything is done we will place this in
the fridge for 30 minutes now it's time
for cake pops decoration
[Music]
now here's the white chocolate red
dipping we just microwave this for 30
seconds just give it a little stare the
chocolate should be smooth and slightly
deeper cone into the coating first then
we can add tiny button shaped chocolates
inside the cone for a spit surprise then
we place her super chilled cake balls
into our cones gently dip the cake pops
into the melted chocolate slowly but
surely you can do it twice her until the
cake pops is covered perfectly and now
the decoration begins we use mini Oreo
and different sprinkles to decorate our
cake pops well get creative with
decorating you can use colorful
sprinkles to create fine assortment when
it comes to decorating these tasty
treats the sky's the limit then you
place them right side up on a two
stainless steel rod to allow the cording
to try and set
I really
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]