if you found feral or Stray Cats this
video will walk you through the simple
steps to help them stray cats are part
of every community and it's up to caring
people like you to help them luckily
there's a Humane solution that will help
you manage the situation trap new to
return otherwise known as
TNR it involves using a Humane trap to
catch the cat taking the cat to be
spayed and neutered then returning the
cat to the place where he was trapped so
he can live out his life spaying and
neutering these cats is imperative since
it stops future generations of homeless
cats from being born it puts an end to
nuisance Behavior associated with
breeding like spraying and yowling and
it also helps the cat's Health TNR is
pretty simple and if you live in Sano
County getting feral cats spayed and
neutered is free with our excellent
County voucher program or by subsidies
provided by Homeless Cat
Network you may be asking can't someone
just come and get the cat for me since
there are more cats that need to be TNR
than there are organizations and
volunteers just trap them it's up to
everyone who encounters cats in need to
help them or you might also ask can't I
just drop him off at the shelter since
feral cats are not tame and they're not
pet cats if they're taken to an animal
shelter they will be euthanized since
they're not adoptable TNR is the Humane
way to help
them if you live in Sano County before
you begin trapping contact the County to
have free spay neuter vouchers sent to
you you'll be able to get the cat fixed
at no cost to you if you present the
voucher when you take the cat in for
surgery if none are available or you
don't get your vouchers prior to the
surgery appointment contact Homeless Cat
Network the first step in TNR is to
catch the cat using a Humane trap in
order to have them sterilized and
vaccinated if you live in Sano County
Homeless Cat Network can loan you a trap
for free or you can rent one from
Peninsula Humane
Society provide food and water for the
cat regularly in a quiet safe spot for
at least a few days to get the cat used
to a feeding routine
take a close look at the cat's ears if
you see an ear tip which is a little
slice off the top of one ear the cat has
already been fixed and there's no need
to trap him the ear tip is the
international symbol of a community cat
that's been spayed or neutered some cats
may also have a small v- not out of the
top or side of the ear but that's less
common and more easily confused with an
injury Humane traps are simple to use
this one operates on a trip Plate System
to set the Trap lift up the top lever
then push the front door toward the
middle door lift up both together up to
the top then reach inside the trap for
the diagonal arm and pull it toward you
which will engage the trip
plate after you put bait in the back of
the trap a cat will walk across the trip
plate and the front door will close
automatically locking the cat
inside when you're ready to trap the cat
withhold food for a day to ensure that
the cat is hungry enough to enter the
Trap line the trap with cardboard or
newspaper and and put appetizing wet
food or tuna in the back of the
Trap try to keep a close eye on the Trap
and check it every 20 minutes or so
never leave a trap unattended overnight
or in direct sunlight unless you're
watching it very carefully you can also
cover the back of the trap with a towel
that way once the cat is caught he'll
have some place to hide until you can
cover the Trap
completely once you catch the cat cover
the trap with a blanket which will calm
him
next make an appointment at Peninsula
Humane Society's spainer Clinic to have
the cat sterilized vaccinated and ear
tipped to indicate that he's been
neutered appointments are accepted
Tuesday through
Friday after a short recovery time in
the Trap in a quiet safe location such
as a garage return the cat to the exact
location where he or she was
trapped to release a cat at any other
location than where he was originally
trapped is considered abandonment and
it's illegal not to that is traumatizing
for the cat so be sure to put him back
right where he was originally caught
then celebrate the fact that you helped
a cat in need and that you're pretty
fantastic for doing so thanks for caring
for the cats in your community it's
great that you're helping them