hey guys it's Jenny welcome back once
again to solid gold in my last video
update you guys saw me installing the
backgrounds which looked amazing but
today is finally the day when we get to
add the aquarium's
to the racks I know we've been waiting
for this moment for so long and Chris is
here with me in the fish room I wish we
had two of you because I'm not that
strong for this so we'll see how it goes
mr. silent wish us luck guys let's get
started we got the first two aquariums
placed on the rack I know you can't see
it too well right now because I don't
have any lighting overhead on top of the
tanks but that'll be the next step
before we put the top two tanks on the
rack with the others we're gonna get all
of the lights installed and run all of
the hose and tubing that have to go
behind the tanks because once the top
tank is on we're not going to be able to
scoop the rack back against the wall
because it'll be way too heavy so
amazing Wow we're attaching one of the
drain hoses for one of the aquariums
this is for the bottom aquarium so this
is where the overflow leads into and
then it drains the water all the way
down here and to the sump in the bottom
[Music]
we finally finished setting up all of my
custom aquariums tanks we've got them
set up on the racks which was quite the
task but we did it and we've got the
backgrounds installed and the substrate
should be getting here in just one or
two hours it's actually on a freight
truck out for delivery right now 600
pounds 30 20-pound bags of carob see
substrate so that'll be fun to get that
unloaded from the truck and bring it out
here but once we get that put in the
tanks behind me here they're gonna look
even more beautiful but they already
look so so good as you can see behind me
I I know I've already said it but I
can't believe that my tanks are gonna
look this nice it's like it's so surreal
but it's really cool that it's finally
all coming together and I hope you guys
are enjoying the process of watching
everything come together but now while
I'm waiting for the substrate to get
delivered I'm just gonna give you guys
an overview of how the aquariums work as
the systems that I've been talking about
for many many months now but they're
finally actually setup and running so
now I get to show you guys what I've
been talking about this whole time I've
went ahead and removed to the cabinet
doors on the bottom of each rack so you
guys can see how the filtration is set
up each two tanks is filtered on the
same seamless some filter so each rat of
two tanks is filtered on the same filter
these filters are set up with a sock tub
that's the tallest part of the sump
filter right here and that is going to
be the mechanical filtration filtering
out any particulates uneaten food fish
poop things like that before the water
passes through the biological filtration
the sock filter tub has a clasp that you
can lift off to help reduce evaporation
and then right in there you can see the
SOB for one of the tanks this is the
water coming from the overflow and
dumping down through that filter sock
and then on this side there's another
filter sock the water is coming from the
overflow of the other tank here and
dumping down into the other filter sock
from the sock tub the water dumps down
through these 90 degree elbows this one
here and that one back there into the
biological filter media chamber you can
see these filter media trays pull up
ceramic tile balls
that's the biological filter media where
the beneficial bacteria is gonna grow
that helps clean the water to keep it
safe for the fish the beneficial
bacteria will take ammonia and nitrite
out of the water
and then the end product of the nitrogen
cycle is nitrate which stays in the
water for the most part until you do
your regular weekly water changes so
that's how the biological media is set
up on this system and then the water
then goes through the the chamber
completely and this whole thing is
filled with biological media with those
little trays there's probably about five
trays stacked one on top of the other in
here all full of biological filter media
both systems are already dechlorinated
and this system in particular already
has my official psycho filter media
added to it so this this tank already
has cycled filter media running on it so
it is completely ready for fish I'm
actually adding my fish today which is
super exciting that's why I have my
bottle of pure ammonia down here because
for the past couple of days that it's
been set up and running with no fish but
with cycled filter media I've had to
feed the filter media with pure ammonia
so I'm just gonna test to make sure the
ammonia is all gone out of here before I
add my fish and then I'll be able to add
them in a little bit and this is where
the two pumps are each aquarium has its
own water pump to pump the water back to
it again we've got a glass lid to help
prevent or reduce evaporation you can
see the two pumps down inside
there we've also got the electrical
cords coming out of the pumps and
there's this nifty little hole here for
the cords to stick out and then the
green tubing is going back up to the
siphon stopper returns which you can see
inside the aquarium's there this is the
h2 overflow which is taking the water
from the aquarium and bringing it back
down to the sump to be filtered there's
the h2 overflow for this tank so that's
how the filtration works I'll give you
guys a view of behind the tanks too so
you can see from that angle you can
actually see the water flowing back
there we did leave enough room barely
enough room for me to squeeze back
behind here if I ever were to need to
and I already have needed to a few times
so I'm glad that we did that now that
all this stuff is set up and running
just fine it's not going to be a regular
thing for me to have to access back here
but if I ever were to need to I just
decided to leave just enough room to
squeeze back there so as you can see the
green tubing here that is for the siphon
stock or returns that is leading the
water back to the aquarium from the Sun
filter and then where do we have an
overflow okay we have some overflows
that are more accessible on the other
side so I'll go around to the other side
and show you guys those alright here's
an overflow that you can see really well
so this is coming from the h2 overflow
box inside the aquarium water is
overflowing they're spilling into that
hose and then going all the way down
there's the other one there for the
bottom tank and then the hose goes into
the cabinet below where you already saw
it going into the stock tub on the front
so that's how the filtration works on
the tanks really if you know anything
about some filters or wet/dry filters
it's pretty much just the basic some
filters set up with the added layer
having two tanks stacked one on top of
the other and both are being filtered by
the same sum but what about this
partially automated water change system
this is what I'm more excited about
because I've never had anything like
this before in all my years of keeping
fish and having multiple aquariums I've
never had any kind of setup where
anything at all was even remotely
automated so this is really exciting and
I want to share it with you guys because
really it wasn't all that difficult to
do and you should be able to do it with
your home aquariums as well so let me
show you guys how I took care of this so
as I've already shown you guys I have
this gutter for the waste water that's
going to carry all of the water from my
water changes all the used water from
the aquariums out to my water management
system and I've already shown you guys
as well that everywhere that I'm going
to have a rack of aquariums I have a
little vertical stand pipe section
coming up so that I can connect the
drains into it and this is all kept open
just so that no water can back up or
anything so air can get in here and keep
it from creating a siphon or suction
it's just better to have it open so here
are some of the drain lines coming from
my aquariums themselves as I've been
talking about each one is gonna have a
ball valve so I can just start it
draining and stop it draining by turning
this valve right here so this one is for
the bottom left aquarium this one is for
the top left bottom right is right there
top right is way back here but I can
still reach it just fine the drain hole
for the aquariums with the tree stump
backgrounds has been covered up by the
background and then the water just
drains out through these oh I can't
really see it but through there's tiny
little sliver of the hole that you can
see there it's covered with screen mesh
and then on this side there is another
hole which is again oh it's right there
you can see the little dent in the tree
stump that's where the other hole is
then the one up here was a phone 3d
solid background so I couldn't have
in the same way so I just drilled a hole
through the background foam and then put
one of these baskets trainers in here to
protect the fish from getting sucked
into the drain hole as the tank drains
but I'll show you guys right now I'll
just open up one of them to show you so
this is the bottom left tank you just
open it and it starts draining very easy
water changes and I've also shown you my
incoming water setup as well this water
is tied into my waterline for the fish
room here and then we have tees with a
length of tubing coming down and then
display symbol tubing with a ball valve
on the end of it that goes to each
aquarium so there's still going to be
two aquarium rocks that are gonna go one
here and then the other one there which
is why those tubing pieces are still
sticking down they're just waiting for
their tanks to show up but the other
ones are obviously set up now since the
aquariums are fully functional you can
see it way up there that's the water
coming into the top tank and then down
here the water coming into the bottom
tank now coming back around to the front
of the aquariums you can see the water
level in the sump has dropped quite a
bit it was right here at the max fill
line but now it's way down here and
that's because I drained this tank a
little bit but because it has an
overflow and it has a sump the water
level in the aquarium doesn't lower only
the water level in the sump does so
since I drained this tank a little bit
just to show you guys how it works I'm
gonna fill it back up a little bit just
so the sump level gets back to where it
was these spacers in between the two
aquariums have sliding doors that open
and then they also come off completely
if I need to take them off and then
right inside here you can already see
the water the hose for the water coming
in to the aquarium all I have to do when
I want to fill up the tank is just open
this put the hose in the water and turn
this ball down right here it is just
hose clamped up to the top right there
and then you've got the water line
coming in through a hole back there
there we have it water's coming out so
then I can just fill this tank and it
will overflow down into the sump until
the sump reaches the level that I want
it to be at and turn this off and we're
done obviously that wasn't a full water
change or anything but just to give you
guys kind of a little demo of how my
water system works for these tanks I'm
really excited because I've already had
to drain and fill these tanks a few
times just to get all of the dust and
particulate it's out of the water after
installing the backgrounds and setting
up the tanks for the first time and it
went so much faster than using a Python
and using the suction just created by
your sink so I'm really excited it's
going to make maintenance for these
goldfish tanks so much easier so there
you have it guys that's how my tanks are
being filtered and that's how my
automated water chain partially
automated water change system works for
these tanks but I just saw the truck for
the substrate pull up so I'm going to
help unload those bags of substrate and
get them into the tanks
[Music]
all right we just finished carrying in
600 pounds of aquarium substrate I have
black Tahitian moon sand sunset gold for
one tank what is this one Crystal River
that's what it is for the last one and
it's the instant aquarium type from
carob sea I really like this it's been
my favorite substrate pretty much as
long as I've been keeping fancy goldfish
and fish in general because it comes
with water in here so the substrate
isn't going to be all powdery I'm
sweating in this Florida heat and
humidity and there's gonna be a lot of
cardboard cleanup to do after this but
it's really exciting and I want to say
thank you to carob sea for providing
these substrates for my fish room
they're not sponsoring this video or
anything but they did provide the
substrate which was really really nice
to them I wasn't really expecting that
they would provide so much but they did
oh and I also want to say a couple of
videos ago I asked you guys to help me
decide which rock background I should
use for my favorite goldfish variety
which are the butterfly telescopes
between this rock one and that rock one
and then after I started setting them up
I realized that they're just a little
bit rough so I'm sure the fish would be
fine in them but just to err on the side
of caution I'm gonna put the I type
goldfish so my butterfly telescopes
maybe some bubble eyes or Celestials if
I get them down the road in these tree
stump backgrounds because they're a lot
smoother a lot less rough a lot less
chance for the goldfish to damage their
eyes on them so in the end I agreed with
you guys that this black and white one
was the prettiest for the for the
butterfly telescopes to be in but I
decided to go with this one because I
think it'll be safer for them in the
long run
[Music]
it's been about five hours now and as
you can see behind me the tanks now have
really cleared up quite a bit I love how
each and every tank is so unique and so
different really stands out from the
next but as a whole they all go together
really well which is what I was really
hoping for and I'm really glad that I
pulled it off you guys pulled it off
this is probably one of my two favorites
I have two favorites I can't pick it's
the fake rock one that has a little bit
of kind of goldish and tannish hues in
the rock and then with that one I went
with the Tahitian moon sand black
substrate and then this one over here is
my other favorite this is the one that
has really super natural looking
coming down and with this one I went
with the Crystal River substrate then
this one over here with some people were
calling the Nike swoosh this tank turned
out really well with the black Tahitian
moon sand and then the one down here has
the two big tree stumps and I went with
the sunset gold sand and this one I
really like how they all turned out and
it's almost time to add some fish but I
also want to show you guys when I
started opening the substrate I noticed
that carob sea also included some other
rock that looks really cool and I can't
really decide how I'm going to
incorporate these into the aquariums yet
or maybe I'll save them for future
projects or for my reptile and amphibian
tanks but we've got some big black river
rock here which I think could look
really cool maybe in one of the goldfish
tanks or even in some of the dart frog
tanks it would be really cute to see
them hopping around on those and then
also excuse me Palmer excuse me and then
also these ones over here these are
called their exotica mountain stone but
these are really really cool and they
actually might go with the color scheme
of the Nike swoosh tank because they
look like they're black and white and
I'm sure those colors would pop out a
lot more once they're underwater too so
maybe I'll put some of those in that
pink or I don't know let me know what
you guys think I'm kind of leaning
towards keeping these tanks really
really really simple like to the point
where they might almost be boring but
that's kind of why I wanted such
sculptural backgrounds because the
background itself would be the interest
of the aquascape in addition to of
course the beautiful fancy goldfish that
are gonna go in here and they're really
gonna be the main focal point of these
tanks anyways and it really is best to
keep your goldfish tanks really simple
and minimal anyways so I might just
leave it how they are with the really
sculptural cool backgrounds and then the
sand substrate add the fish in and see
how they do and then maybe after that
I'll think about adding other things but
I just want to make sure that the fish
are going to be safe in here I have
noticed that whenever I
larger elements sitting on top of the
substrate they tend to get a lot of fish
poop that collects underneath them so
that's my hesitation and adding things
to the tanks I just don't want to create
more cleaning work for me than it is
really completely necessary and I want
to make sure the environment is healthy
for the fish first and foremost well
there's really not much left to do now
but add the fish and I am so excited
because this whole fish room project
Fisher rebuild project has been going on
for about a year now I would say I think
it's been about a year and you guys have
been with me every step of the way and
things have really shaped up out here
it's really really hard to think back
and remember how this building used to
just be an empty shell like an empty
metal shell with nothing in it at all
and a rollup door and no windows and now
look at it it's a beautiful functional
fish and other animal room and it's
amazing video is already getting way too
long because I'm really excited so I'm
talking a lot but in my next video I
will be adding my goldfish to their new
home in this tank right here and there's
also going to be a lot of footage of my
fish just swimming around being their
adorable cute little goldfish selves in
that video so stay tuned for that thank
you guys so much for watching I hope you
love the new tanks and you aren't gonna
be seeing them a lot more in the coming
videos so stay tuned thank you guys I'll
see you next time and until then stay
goal
[Music]