yeah I'm not sure
um I'm dubious
surely not think it can't be I mean case
they've denied it you know they kept
Russia at the start but then I'm just
going to allow their eleven secret herbs
and spices just to be released on to the
public someone's gonna die surely
someone's gonna be the boot of a car
shipped out to the desert and dumped
before that's going to happen skeptic in
me say yeah I'm just I don't know I
don't trust it but I'm optimistic as
well
we'll see
[Music]
hi peeps welcome to another episode of
Adams eats so yeah that's what I'm gonna
do today I'm kind of excited nervous
optimistic
skeptical as well kinda know I just I'm
not sure but we're gonna give it a go
I've never done this before this is
first time on camera I'm gonna give this
a go pop down below I'll show you what
we need and we'll crack on and give this
a whirl here we are then folks these are
supposedly the secret 11 herbs and
spices that go into KFC so yeah if it's
works if this turns out to be just as
good then just changes things you know I
can make this at home any time I want
yeah I've got all that I've got fried
chicken recipe but it's not KFC so yeah
I'm hoping it works but I'm still
skeptical I say to you what you've got
then you've got ginger paprika oregano
celery salt white and black pepper
garlic granules basil mustard powder
thyme salt and then flour and then the
chicken now it's the recipe just calls
for the seasonings don't say how to cook
it or anything like that so I'm just
gonna have to wing it myself and you
know how I make for a chicken so what
I've got in this bowl is a whole chicken
portioned up
and I've covered it with two beaten eggs
and 300 mils of buttermilk and I've let
that sit there for a couple of hours you
know leave overnight if you want and
that just sort of tenderizes the
check-in so that's what I've done there
and then I'll just cook this in some
vegetable oil you know a temperature for
about 810 810 minutes and hopefully it
by the end of it we'll have KFC chicken
right then so I've weighed out the flour
I've measured out my spices put them all
in this bowl and this is your seasoned
flour so this could be care
so I'm just going to give that a mix up
I
noticed when I was making this it seemed
like a lot I was thinking herself Christ
that's that's a lot of herbs a lot of
spices and initially thought it was just
too much but it's what it says to do so
that's what I'm doing it's all mixed up
so we'll get our chicken out of the
buttermilk we'll get the oil on and
we'll fry these up right so I've got my
oil on I don't have a deep fat fryer if
you've got one of those use those and
likewise if you've got a probe to test
the temperature of your oil use that as
well I haven't so kind of happened to
guess here but I've got the oil I would
say it around
160 hundred and 70 degree centigrade
okay so I've also got a rat ready just
to put the chicken on after it's cooked
well get some of these seasoned up and
we'll get them in the oil just shake off
some of that buttermilk
get them in the flour it doesn't say
whether you should double coat them so I
don't know maybe I'll do
some of them just
as is or I might do a couple that a
double coat it will see straight in your
oil and
you want to cut these for around eight
to ten minutes till they're nice and
cooked all the way through I'm gonna
have to do these in batches I think Hey
looking pretty close guys I have to say
the color
he's looking fantastic
okay right well cut the rest of these up
I'll get them on the tray to drain some
of that oil and well have a look see all
the light okay so Friday I pulled my
chicken pieces and I put them on this
rack just to drain some of that oil off
looking pretty good actually the smell
in the kitchen is absolutely amazing in
hindsight I would probably and if I did
it again I've just lower the cooking oil
temperature a bit because a little bit
darker than what KFC is but other than
that pretty
pretty good we've got nice crispy bobbly
bits on there look really good
smells like KFC so I don't know well I
think I don't let these cool down for a
little bit so I buy into these now it's
gonna be screaming off and while I were
tastes
there we go I'm gonna try peace mmm I'm
gonna go for a piece that's well not too
[Music]
not too dark let's have a taste
Wow
like really close I'll tell you what
comes through is that white pepper I
mean there was three tablespoons of the
stuff in it I mean it's gonna be pretty
prominent but that's white pepper I
don't know it's the garlic in there the
herbs
it's delicious very delicious
I'm not quite sure this so there is
something missing I've watched a few
other videos and they've said the exact
same thing that's just something not
quite there and I think it's it's that
msg unfortunately
so actually and hot really and maybe
this is the original recipe
prior to adding MSG to it so
yes jury's out on that one well one
thing's for sure is absolutely delicious
and it's extremely extremely close
very close actually I'm still trying to
make my mind up about it but
whatever I would say give it a go try it
make it yourself you know leave a
comment below I'd love to your feedbacks
and thoughts on it if you've made it
yourself that's it for today guys thanks
ever so much for watching appreciate all
of your comments I appreciate all the
likes the shares you know without people
like you subscribing be no point you'd
be like watching myself so you guys make
this channel and thank you so I'll see
you guys next time again please like
share and subscribe on Twitter Facebook
or the usual and I'll see you guys next
time thanks for watching bye for now