and that's because this little thing
that I use uh-oh in
fact this
little hold up this little thing is
[Music]
Loop hello everyone welcome back my name
is Larice if you don't already know what
I'm going to do today is I'm going to
make my family some um sun tea I usually
make sweet tea but since it's a
beautiful day outside I'm going to make
some sun tea I haven't made this since I
was in Hawaii but I used to make it all
the time anyway what you're going to
need is a big old picture like this with
a spout at the bottom or a nozzle what
is the thing called I don't know okay
anyway they see
it okay and you also going to need some
tea
okay tea bags see the tea bags how many
I got here basically all you need is
some regular tea or you can use uh green
tea which I find is delicious it's green
tea with mint leaves it's delicious even
iced tea regular tea like this when mint
leaves is the bomb but I'm just going to
do regular tea today cuz I ain't got no
mint leaves so I usually for for this
since it's so big I'm going to use 12
but I already had just took these out
because I was going to do the regular
sweet tea with the pitcher and the K I
mean the kettle and the Pitcher so I
have eight tea bags right here and I'm
going to going to need 12 I'm going to
add four more
[Music]
mine okay so see this is all we do right
here and then you just stick the bag bag
in here make sure that
they're going to be heavy enough to stay
in there
cuz going to take the lid and we're
going to close it up like
this I think that's enough what you
think yep okay hey now we're outside and
we're going
to just leave it right here in the sand
see simple as that don't put it too
close to the edge in case somebody like
the kids will come out here and trip
over or something knock it off the
step there you go sun tea then leave
that out for a couple
hours and know you probably
think why would you make sun tea you can
just make sweet tea with the kettle and
picture and have it instantly well if
you taste this if you try this you'll
know why the taste oh is so much better
doing it this way naturally than doing
it from the hot water you know Kettle
and the picture so anyway thank you guys
and I'll see you guys again thank you
for watching don't forget to like is it
like And
subscribe I'm just likeing don't forget
to like And subscribe and comment down
below if uh if you want take care bye
[Music]