hello let's talk about clipper blade
replacement alignment and maintenance do
you want your clippers to last for years
how about decades there are artists in
our industry that have their
grandparents Clippers from decades ago
and they are still working at peak
performance due to ongoing maintenance
you will need your clipper a number one
Phillips head screwdriver as well as an
and displayed brush and is cool care
Plus and andis clipper oil for blade
replacement use the number one Phillips
head screwdriver to slowly loosen the
blade screws until the screws come off
now set the screws aside remove the
lower and upper blade grab your
replacement blade and place the upper
blade onto the drive and follow with the
lower blade with your thumb pressing on
the lower blade set in your screws turn
the blade screw that's closest to the
adjustment lever clockwise until tight
then tighten the other screw now it's
time to align the blades use the number
one Phillips head screwdriver to slowly
loosen the blade screws counter
clockwise evenly do this in quarter-turn
increments until the lower blade moves
slightly with your flipper in the closed
position use your screwdriver handle to
tap down lightly on either side of the
lower blade to reach the desired gap
once you have the proper gap adjust
accordingly to make sure your blades are
parallel
with your thumb pressing on the lower
blade turn the blade screw that's
closest to the adjustment lever
clockwise until tight then tighten the
other screw finally check that your
adjustments are still correct if not
repeat the process if the lower blade
and upper cutting blade or parallel
check the gap of the blades with the
Clipper in the closed position the gap
is the distance between the tip of the
upper blade to the tip of the lower
blade and is approximately as thick as a
business card if the lower blade and
upper cutting blade are not parallel
where the gap is not correct you will
need to adjust the lower blade finally
show love to your Clippers through
proper maintenance and care after
completion of every hair cut lightly
brush the hair off the Clipper blades
magnetic motor Clippers are sensitive to
hair buildup and not enough oil so be
mindful of these two things after
brushing the hair off from between the
blades turn the Clippers on and use an
to school care plus to sanitize and
disinfect turn your Clippers off and
wipe the excess onto a towel
for extended use use pool care + to
lightly lubricate your Clippers
throughout the cut
finally oil your clippers using the
5-point oiling system because this will
ensure that they work at peak
performance
oiling also prevents the blades from
getting too hot
turn your Clippers on to evenly
distribute the oil tilt it to the side
and place three drops of oil across the
teeth of the blades and one drop at each
back rail letting the excess oil run off
onto a towel
here are some other helpful tips coil
the cord and wrap with a loose tie
prevent from wrapping the cord around
your Clippers as this will cause
premature wear handle your clippers by
the tab and store with the blade facing
towards the floor when not in use to
protect your blade during storage use a
clipper comb attachment or blade guard
if available thanks for watching this
and is education video don't forget to
share it