today we're making a cocktail that has
bracelets bracelets Peach rum and 80s
music but we don't actually play cuz we
get sued yeah but we talk about it a lot
right like the entire there's no
cocktail here yeah no it never happened
save 15% off everything at awesom
drinks.com coupon code mayfl
flowers put down your Lost Boys DVD tape
VHS it's time to make a cocktail or beta
depending on how cool you are beta Max
not me I'm not that cool uh today we're
going to make a an 80s cocktail
Revisited that see one shot did it um I
practiced that I was going to say took a
future PR um called the fuzzy naval
remix TI style TI style yes it's it's a
remix on the fuzzy navl balance out a
little bit more probably better quality
than the than any fuzzy navl you've ever
had in your
life I'm going to guess you're probably
going to be right it's got kruan right
kruan Peach one and half ooun I talked
with Curtis he said one of the big
factors here was to get rid of peach
snobs cuz it's awful it's it's super
sweet it's stomach inducing curliness
like it's just so schs yeah but it's
it's it's sweet sweet schnaps it's
schnaps sweet so that's double sweet
that's super sweet that's like Superman
80s super sweet no um
super by doing so it gives you the
ability when you do that to remove the
peach kns to add the sweetener agent
that you want because Peach chops is
going to dominate everything you can
never play with the cocktail anymore and
what is the sweetening agent that he
wants to oh the orange juice okay cuz
orange juice is a pretty sweet juice
although orange juice fuzzy naval to
start with so right but it's super it's
the 80s sweet style it's like oh if I
add orange juice and Peach snaps
everybody will love it cuz everybody
likes candy except for people who don't
but this is a minority I think I like
cand we're using uh one I like candy 1 o
of angust store 1919 right I half o oh
the 80s week so half o of lemon heart
151 boom that's 151 proof you can use
Gosling's 151 if you've recently
realized you can't purchase this is that
what happened a lot I I had heard rumors
cuz you can't ship it I me you can has
nothing to do with that cuz I I bought
this on drink up New York okay it's not
there anymore I was like what the heck
and everybody's emailing me go why can't
I get this anymore because the producers
not making it right now oh really so you
cannot physically get it this is the
last bottle on the planet that's
obviously a lie obviously a lie but so
we should stop using it we should
conserve and then sell the shot the guy
the distiller said he's going to start
back up in mid 2015 making product I
don't know if that's true false or
indifferent or if it's not going to
exist anymore why would you just stop it
it seems weird um so there's something
going a pretty popular product right at
least in the tiki style you probably
want ice I think you bag these up bag
these up pretty good I hit those things
against my brick
wall concrete
wall like the Dickens like a boss see I
added so much in there cuz I wanted this
this is you this is TE this is going to
be it's a huge 19 no 14 o glass or
something 14 I'm starting to miss yep
I'll put this over here so we don't get
it in the middle of the mark good idea
mark would like that
Mark hey hey going on daylow daylow
night
glow that was
weird that's cool this is why we could
play with things that weren't digital in
the 80s we were
entertained this is awesome
see in theat already said who who gave
the add boys toys to play with to uh
Toys see my dog bark for the first time
barks the heck is he barking I don't
know oh that smells awesome my friend
are you kids tormenting him why don't
you pull out a couple of those little
straws right there that's a good idea
then you can straw it
up is that's a verb yeah we just made it
a verb make that a verb question of the
day the straw up a verb hammer time no
Voltron is the 80s we had asked last
time what last time what were your
favorite wow I don't now
I'm do I put them all in my mouth
they're your straws do as you please I
can get l lot more if I drank it all
once it can actually taste it's pretty
good you can taste it and
it's it's got It's got the fuzzy naval
flavor yeah the peaches there without
the massive Sugar Rush yeah yeah this is
a drink that's going to hurt you real
real bad that's yeah CU it it that's
awesome because 28 style oh no cocaine
and fuzzy na Oh no just do lies you got
yourself you're just like you're the 80s
lies of snap bracelets boom in deow and
you know what when they're
not you got to Peg your pants is that
what that's called pegging yeah right no
I don't know I don't even know if it
might be a 90s thing but I didn't know
it was called anything I thought it was
just called rolling up for pants um well
it's called that then it's called
rolling up your pants I still have a
lingering Peach that's a good rum that
is a good rum because it adds that peach
but it's not overly sweet the drink is
not this is a fairly well balanced drink
great
rum um it's finally distilled premium
rum you do get a little bit of a 151 in
the Finish like a little bit of like oh
that could be bad for me when you taste
it I like this but there's something
about it that scares me right exactly
it's got the warning yes the color is
not giving you a warning but put it here
for shot Mark oh was it there already
yeah know all
stws probably not it probably looks a
lot better thatd that's a lot better it
doesn't look like a scorpion bowl in a
small glass well big glass but small
compared to a scorpion bowl we need
smaller straw you can make a scorpion
this is a Scorpion Bowl recipe yes punch
this right up punch because it's got
It's got enough approachability for
everybody it's not overly sweet it's not
sour so you're not going to get those
people that are like I can only have one
of these cuz it's like a dessert it's
nice and strong so when you pour a whole
bottle of 151 in there you'll feel like
you're like doing it right you will feel
something yeah you might feel
numb you're going to feel numb with this
drink nothing know on the teeth come on
the face which could be I mean a good
thing depends on your goal that might be
what you're looking for it's only a half
ounz of 151 but since it's 151 that
might as well be a whole ounce of
regular alcohol plus you got an angur
1919 Trin and Tobago which is what we
did a review on that I believe it's very
tasty we did but you know we didn't do
in the review
what that's that's it right there right
good call 8's called right there want
his run back decate oh you know what you
need to do no I don't you need to get a
bunch of these in different colors so we
can code your rum bottles blue your
vodka bottles white can we just read the
label it takes so much time sometimes oh
I guess just pull blow want a question
of the day favorite 80 song favorite 80
song uh give me something to believe in
that's the only I we just had heard that
earlier on the stream come on I is like
kind of popular that's like an earworm
in a half is that come on Dex Midnight
Runners I think it's 8s who who is it
come on come on I know song but dex's
Midnight Runners dexi midnight run I I
it's one of those bands like Night
Ranger that I never knew the name of the
May from Billy Joel would be up your R
well that's is that right 1982 80s thank
you Jen um from Billy trying to prove me
wrong but I appreciate you stor the
storm FR must have been from the ' 80s
right was storm front from the 80s hey I
was honest and told you you were right I
appreciate it and I'm sure you'd be
honest and tell me if I was wrong too my
80s music playlist would probably have
been and some of this is in 80s but like
there was Billy
uh 50c stre playlist but uh no no like
this is what I actually listen to not a
playlist now on a streaming service but
like on it
tapes um I had I had um Aerosmith pump I
had uh mle crew I think I had the one
before girls girls girls I don't know
how to Blue wh snake White Snake like
the just wh snake album yeah um Guns and
Roses was that 80s uh I can't it's kind
of blurry and ' 80s and '90s fall I
think that's normal some of the early
'90s music sounds like ' 80s I want to
say no on the guns of roses no I want to
say no well they were probably around
but it wasn't I wasn't listening to them
in the 80s if that's the case maybe I
got to be the 80s D is it the 80s G and
Roses come on like Appetite for
Destruction but using illusion was
definitely not oh I never listened to
that crap I stopped listening after
Appetite for Destruction so I guess that
that is there are albums that will fall
within the category that I was thinking
of um Tiffany I used to listen to
Tiffany Tiffany of course you did
Madonna the Bangals Madonna yeah what
about uh what about uh Prince was that
80 I mean he was obviously in 80s but
the only album I remember had all seven
on it that was 90s I think that was
Prince my phone sucks that's your
question alone now that's Tiffany oh is
it yes heard that was that wait was that
somebody else first though dire straight
yeah there you
[Music]
go um yeah I thought him standing there
so wasn't that like the turtles or
something first I Think We're Alone Now
I think someone did the turtles they did
they they're very popular for a couple
songs it it was that song that no don't
anyway I I I swear it was a
redo I think you're right okay I have a
question why did you give me a lemon um
cuz it has a lemon heart in it yes
thought whoops like we didn't use a
lemon in this drink holy crap that's the
flu talking all right well that's the
coke um we're done we have done oh you
know what you want to do right now we
need to do more coke obviously but we
don't do that we only do that on a live
stream on Friday nights 6:30 Eastern
Time unless we don't do it no live
stream next week by the way yeah um wait
how does that work no no that's don't
don't listen to me because that's a
pre-tape so this is two weeks from now
so don't worry this probably a live
stream uh for the people in watching
live there's no live stream so what was
it oh yeah buy these a.com that's what I
wanted to say
it's our most popular item in the store
the tiki godhe head yeah it's pretty
cool class I get calls all the time for
this I had a call today from Fox
Style Style Channel or something what
know when I search for I Think We're
Alone Now only Tiffany comes up really
it was a movie though maybe I thinking
of a movie what's your favorite music
you thought was the 80s but turned out
not to be Wikipedia you'll find out cuz
Wikipedia will tell you covers and
everything anyway More Than Words is
that e no that's not 80s that's extreme
and that's '90s we're done I could be
wrong on that but I don't think I am I
don't know we're te
[Music]
drink
yeah and it's it it's okay swe it
doesn't things make your wrist sweat do
isn't that weird uh what is your
favorite 80s toy oh there you go Sil
budy that's not is it
at 60 oh that's