hey there everybody it is I wattles
welcome back to the channel or welcome
and today I will show you how to make a
cave spider grinder in a Minecraft now
this should work across all like
versions across you know like 1.11 1.12
etc and then on the PC ps3 you know all
the versions I'm doing it on PC if you
wondered and as a note I do not claim to
have invented this design I just wanted
to do a tutorial in of my style I will
link some videos in the description that
inspired this or did this before me or
whatever and remember if you enjoy this
at any point leave a like leave a
subscribe got any questions drop it in
the comments so before I get into the
tutorial I will show you your supplies
you're going to need a chest between 1 &
6
hoppers ish it kind of depends on how
you do the design but at least one
hopper you need at least one trapdoor
maybe a little more again depending on
how you do the design
I prefer iron you need water you're
going to need staircases slabs and some
signs you will get staircases and slabs
from digging out the whole room then of
course you need a spawner so go find
yourself a mineshaft find a spawner
alrighty so once you find these spawners
they're not that hard to find if you
find a mineshaft what you're going to
want to do is light it up clear it all
out so I suggest to work your way
inwards towards the spawner remove the
spider webs with a sword I'm assuming
you're doing this in survival remove
them with a sword or some shears if you
have it and just get life you want to
stop the spawns alright so once you got
it all cleared out lit up you're going
to want to do digging so this is kind of
step 2 now you want to clear out around
the spawner
I typically go forward this is the
design I always use I go for on every
direction on the x-axis so here is 4 in
every direction you could go 5 put a
slab on top of the spawner by the way
it'll stop spiders from kind of idling
up there or as many the spiders can
stand on the slab but just put a slab up
there now what you want to do is you
want to go 3 or 4 of
of the spawner as well so this is one
two three I usually go for you know you
want to give them as much room to spawn
as possible so go for above go three if
you're short on supplies but I suggest
for another little tip is well you're
digging this out you're going to start
getting dark spots higher up so make
sure you just throw torches on the wall
it doesn't hurt it's not necessarily
always necessary but torches don't hurt
right now all right so now that we have
above and all the way around the sides
cleared you're going to want to dig down
I do three down underneath the spawner
and a giant square but don't forget
about the torches you're going to knock
the torches off the floor move them to
the wall make sure you don't let it go
dark because that could be very very bad
I've made that mistake a lot of times
when I'm making this thing and I end up
getting killed okay so three dug it down
and that was step two now step three is
more digging what you're going to want
to do is go to the front of this box the
side doesn't matter so I'm going to
choose this side as the front over here
that I'm floating at and you're going to
want to dig down now if you did
different measurements like if you
decided to dig five away from the spawn
or just to make it a little bigger this
is where it may vary a little bit
now that the trench is dug you want to
find the middle with reiha all right so
take in those middle three you're going
to want to dig it out like this you have
this lower trench here but now you want
to take those middle three and go even
lower just like I did there and dig it
forwards maybe dig it forwards about six
or so blacks doesn't quite matter how
far you go because this is going to be
going into the room where you're going
to stand to kill these beasts alright so
now what you want to do is take that
hallway that you just dug and start
digging out a room make a room make sure
you leave at least two or so blocks in
between this new room and the spawning
chamber but just make a room for your
grinding doesn't really matter what
dimensions just however big you'd like
but make sure you leave two blocks in
between the spawn room and you're
grinding room alright so this is the
actual
winding part of the video this is how
you're going to want to trap these
things you need your staircase and your
slab so come out three from where the
trench drops you see give three blocks
in there put the staircases like this
and then throw your trapdoors on top
again could be wood but I choose iron so
you don't accidentally hit them then
take slabs and go like that so this
little gap right here
the spiders cannot get through poison
spiders are insanely hard to grind
because if you did that little gap there
they would get right through so the
trapdoors stopped them but you can still
swing in and hit these guys now make
sure there's no holes on top of it of
course you don't want to accidentally
let spiders into your room now go around
back into the room so dig you know just
a little cut through the wall to get
into the room and fill that back in so
this all looks like this now so you
can't get in there now it's water time
so just fill all of this in if you dug
five back or any other number you can do
tricks with like putting the water there
and then dig in a little lower to make
the water fall or whatever or using
signs but you want to let the water go
all the way to your trench here so if
you did different measurements use sign
tricks or whatever to get the water to
end over here now you're actually going
to take some signs and throw them in you
don't have to put any letters on them
whoops
and then you're going to turn around and
we're going to place our hoppers in here
so what I do is I put the middle one
facing out you know towards the middle
and then the other ones aiming right
into it like that now swing back around
to this room throw the chest out make
sure you can open it you should be able
to then go back in here and then now
that our signs are here we can put the
last water so water there water there
and then water like that so everything
is going to be pushed this way to the
front now go back into your spawn room
close up any other mineshaft exits if
you haven't done that already
make the room solid and then you can
start punching out torches now now this
part is really tricky to do if you're in
survival and I suggest to start with the
back of the room get rid of the back
torches and anything up high first then
work your way back with the water you
slowly let the water push it into this
room
like this then close up the room now the
rate of this thing will be different
depending on how much you want to light
up around the mineshaft
I suggest you go and light everything up
as much as possible within 250 blocks of
this square wherever you're standing
within your spawner light everything up
that will allow for the best rates but
now these things are trapped in here so
you can swing at them and kill them
maybe you set up an enchantment set up
down here to get yourself a better sword
to kill these things but whatever it's
safe now now there is a Meyer disclaimer
though if I am in survival mode so we're
in survival these things are poisonous
as you very well know
do not stand right against it or you're
going to get poisoned like that and
knocked back the trick is to stand a
little further back where I'm standing
here and just just swing at them like
that don't worry about the XP I'll show
you how to do that but stay in the back
and kill these things do not stand along
the edge of this thing to get the XP
this is what I like to do I like to to
get the XP this is my little trick that
I figured out I haven't seen it in any
two other tutorials or maybe I missed it
or whatever but dig down right next to
the chest
if you stand forward you get all of that
XP now there wasn't that much in there
right now but if you let these things
pile up there gets to be a fair amount
of XP and you could heal your vending
tools pretty easily just kill these
things
the drops should be going into your
chest and then the XP go right here cuz
it goes right through the staircase
block which is kind of nice and a little
easy to get it so now let me swing on
over to my survival world I'll show you
one of these things in use we are now in
my survival world this is my let's play
world so if you're curious to see me
setting this thing up it is episode it
is around episode six seven eight that
whole area
this is a double spawner so the design
is slightly different there's another
spawner in here there you can see it so
the design is slightly different it's a
little fancier with redstone so I can
push these things forward but it's
amazing I've been using the thing I've
got a sweeping edge three bane of
arthropods four sword which just
annihilate these things and then I use
the piston to put
forward because my little thing that
they go into is two blocks wide but it
works insanely well and then eventually
I'll get mending on this sweeping edge
bane of arthropods sort and then all
will be good
this thing is my favorites water in this
world and so with that that is the whole
tutorial now of course it's up to you to
make this thing look all nice and fancy
as you wish maybe throw some staircases
in here so you can walk on down grab
that stuff maybe you could expand the
chest I like to throw an enchantment set
up near these things because you're
going to get a lot of XP and then of
course the staircase out of here you
probably don't want to live in this
little hermit hole down here and one
other little trick is if you really were
annoyed with the poisoning you can get a
cow down here and a bucket and milk the
cow with the bucket when you get
poisoned drink the milk solves the
poison but yep so I hope you enjoyed
this tutorial if this tutorial helped
you or anything leave a like on this
video and maybe even subscribe I've got
a lot of other videos and then another
channel it'll be on the end slide and
thank you so so much for watching
I hope this helped you out I will see
you around this is waddles bye bye
you
[Music]