hello I am to show you how to clean your
pool table with wet paper towel okay so
you just take one and you put it here
okay you want to clean under the rail
because this is a place where the vacuum
cleaner does not clean okay so the third
would be accumulated after the rail for
like the use use a wet wet paper towel
clean under the rail okay yeah okay okay
you may want to use many of these with
paper towels to clean the entire to the
table okay and then what you want to do
is you want to clean the inside of the
pocket with the wet paper towel okay
because without vacuum cleaner
I couldn't clean so good inside the
pocket but with a wet paper towel I can
see much better and you want to vacuum
you want to vacuum cleaner the cloth but
you can't reach the other day rails so
you want you want to use the wet paper
towel for that okay so it goes way too
quickly to do with a wet paper towel it
doesn't get that wet okay it dries very
quickly so you can go you can go to play
pool right away so you don't need to
wait until the cloth will dry but then
if that is what is good with the waste
paper towel and you can buy these from
the stores you can buy the wet paper
towels in stores and you just throw away
this one okay Joe you know you want to
save the environment so I only use one
okay I just don't be quick before it
dries so I do that okay yeah now when
you see my clean okay you see I did I
had cleaned the table now I just need to
vacuum clean this entire cloth but this
is where I found the most dirt under
under the rail here so that is that is
what I wanted to clean okay because I
can't play fool if there's some dirt on
the table and if you see some dirt here
you take the wet paper towel you pick
them up okay and then then you can play
okay so now ya know now I can start
playing because I cleaned I change the
table quickly so you will lose you will
lose a lot of time if you take out the
vacuum cleaner start vacuum cleaning the
table and this with a wet paper towel
well it goes much faster okay you can
even bring it with you to the pool hall
clean clean the table or self if you see
you see that it is dirty
okay so that's the end of my video
goodbye