hello everyone long time no see
today we're gonna prepare Moscow Mule
cocktail and for this we need this metal
cap cube in it good shake it a little
bit chill it and put in it's all
ingredients first ingredient is ginger
mix to prepare this mix you need to
mixed up fresh ginger juice and sugar
syrup this matter we need about 15 mils
next step is lime lemon juice 30 mils
for one Moscow Mule next ingredient is
honey syrup about 10 15 mils will be
enough good and Angostura bitters this
recipe is not traditional not classic
but it's very tasty just believe and
vodka cus
45 even 50 mils of vodka nice and time
to shake good for into glass and
[Music]
at ginger ginger soft water yeah a
little bit mix it with spoon put a bit
more ice straw and small garnish like
mint and lime chips or you can use
ginger candy for example this is laughs
so time to taste brilliant
[Music]