how to clean the ivory keys of your
piano hello and welcome to videojug
cleaning the ivory keys of your piano is
a delicate job and should be handled
with care especially if you want your
piano to withstand the test of time
there are several liquid key cleaning
products on the market but you don't
necessarily need to spend your money on
them a few common household items will
do the job
you will need dishwashing liquid a damp
cloth and a dry cloth step 1
rinse your cloth and squeeze it dry to
clean your ivory piano keys start with a
damp cloth squeeze out all excess water
so as not to leave extra moisture on the
keys step 2 soak the keys put a tiny bit
of dishwashing liquid on a damp cloth
and wipe the keys gently until the dirt
has been removed step 3 wipe off excess
with dry cloth dry the pianos keys
properly using a clean dry cloth if the
keys have yellowed you can repeat these
steps and substitute lemon juice or
vinegar for the dishwashing liquid now
that your piano is clean and shiny it's
time to tickle the ivories
enjoy the music done