[Music]
hey what's up everybody I'm Tommy and
today I'm gonna show you how to repair a
broken chisel this is one of my
Knockaround chisels that takes a lot of
abuse here you can see I've taken a huge
chunk out of the tip in order to fix it
I clamped it up nice and secure and then
I filed the tip down until it was
completely flat again the goal is just
to make sure that the tip was a perfect
90 degrees to the length of the chisel
and I think I got it pretty close then I
set out to reshape the bevel with a
slightly convex surface using a file but
I could tell that was going to take too
long so I cheated by using the grinder
the only bad part about using the
grinder is that instead of winding up
with a slightly convex surface you wind
up with a concave surface so after that
I just filed that concave surface down
to try to make it convex and this is a
slow going process because there's a lot
of material to remove
[Music]
but with enough elbow grease I
eventually got it down and got the type
of surface that I was looking for it's
not real pretty at this point but we're
still roughing it out and it has the
basic shape that it needs
[Music]
and then it was time to start using the
course stones to further refine the
shape so here the motion that I'm using
will again just maintain that slightly
convex surface again this is one of my
Knockaround chisels so I'm not real
concerned with the exact degree on it
I'm just trying to approximate it I just
repeated that same process using finer
stones
after I'm pretty certain that the tip is
fairly sharp I just pulled the back of
the chisel across the stone to see if I
wind up with a wire burr which is a good
indication that the chisel is pretty
sharp and there it is
even though the blade was probably sharp
enough already I decided to go ahead and
repeat the process on the finest grit
at that point it was starting to seem
like it was pretty sharp
[Music]
then I just did a few quick tests to
make sure that it would function
adequately as one of my Knockaround
chisels
and it seemed like it was sharp enough
to me to do the job and where before I
had a chisel that was just basically a
piece of garbage I now had a chisel that
was perfectly sufficient for all
different types of work hey thanks for
watching I really hope you enjoyed this
video if you did please give it a thumbs
up and if you haven't already be sure to
subscribe to the channel until next time
I hope you have fun building something