hey there chip Marshall here in this
video I am going to show you a natural
ant repellent that is just as effective
as those nasty chemicals that your
exterminator likes to spray around your
home before we begin I would just like
to ask that if you find this information
to be helpful please do me a big favor
and hit the like button below or share
this video on your favorite social
network your support is what allows me
to continue doing what I love and making
free videos like this to help people
solve their insect problems the best way
to prevent ants from coming into your
home is to use a natural ant repellent
the solution I am going to show you will
also help to control spiders stink bugs
mice ladybugs silverfish and many other
common household pests this is an
awesome trick that you should use every
few months during bug season to keep the
creepy crawlers away the only thing you
will need to repel ants is peppermint
oil and a cotton ball this is an
inexpensive but powerful way to keep
insects out of your home it will also
make your house smell great just make
sure that you purchase 100% therapeutic
grade peppermint essential oil that is
undiluted it is very inexpensive so
don't waste your time with anything less
and if you need help finding that I just
posted a great stepbystep guide on my
blog about how to get rid of ants
naturally that page contains detailed
information about how to prevent and
eliminate ants inside and outside of
your home I'll show you which peppermint
oil we use in the Marshall household and
where we get the lowest price so once
you have that all you'll need to do is
add a few drops of peppermint oil to a
cotton ball and apply it along
baseboards around windows and anywhere
else insects travel in your home and in
that guide I just mentioned a moment ago
there is also a recipe for a more
powerful natural ant repellent that you
can rely on for a severe infestation
I've used it many times for customers
and it's my favorite way to quickly
eliminate ants so for less than $10 you
can make a natural ant repellent to keep
bugs out of your home all summer long
for more information just visit
www. chip
tips.com ants or you can just click on
the link in the description below I'll
see you there