okay this is the Puma stone that I I'm
going to use to clean the tile I'm going
to show you and you can buy this at the
pool so I prefer buying the small one
versus a large block one easier to
handle get your hand around and
um it's just much easier to scrape the
scale build off off with the smaller one
than the large
one and I wouldn't waste my money on
buying various chemicals to get the
scale off the top
they have some on the market where you
fill the water up above the scale line
and you add the chemical and it's
supposed to take the calcium and scum
build off right off but those are very
ineffective you just have to actually
get in there and scrape it off with a
pumin stone it's the only thing that's
effective a couple things you want to do
is wear gloves cuz the Pome is pretty
rough and eventually it'll wear through
your hands and it's it'll rub them raw
and you want to make sure you keep it
wet as you're scraping the tile and keep
the tile wet also that you don't scratch
it and that's key important thing is you
don't want to scratch the tile with the
stone so you got to keep it wet and keep
the tile wet also so keep dipping it in
rubbing water as you're scraping that's
how I do it to keep it
wet so with the Puma Stone I effectively
have scraped off all the scum around
this particular pool tile it's taking a
few months and I'm I'm just back over
and I just have this area left where it
has all this buildup as you can see um
on the tile and it's simple what you do
is you take the Puma Stone get it wet
and you just simply
scrape back and forth motion using some
muscle of
course and you can see it just scrapes
all that scum right off the tile you can
really see the difference in that one
tile I scraped and that took about 40 40
seconds to a minute scrape that one tile
off with that pum Stone you can see it's
totally clear of that scum buildup so it
does really work and the plumstone looks
really good on calcium buildup like
right here you have this calcium you
just wet it and you can scrape it right
off see it's coming right off of there
pretty
easily and that's a really effective way
of getting rid of the calcium and the
tiles took that right
off okay here's the
geyser tile soap that I use to clean a
with I'll show you how I mix it with
acid so I'll pour some of the Geyser in
here it's really thick
already and then I'll
add some
acid and you want to stay away from the
fumes and then you Stir It Up and that's
a good mixture right there it's going to
thicken up by tomorrow and it's going to
turn into this kind of pasty stuff right
here you see in the corner that's the
old stuff and it'll thicken up and I
just mix it with acid if it doesn't get
dark enough I'll add some more acid and
that really helps keep the tiles really
clean and that's the geyser for you just
some a muratic acid and the geyser mixed
together if you're not comfortable with
making the geyser soap and you can buy
the arrow scale off tile cleaner it has
um acid as one of the ingredients in
here uh phosphoric acid so it actually
works similar to what the geyser does it
has you know not as much acid as the
geyser soap but it will do uh it will be
much more effective than just using a
regular blue tile soap so again the
arrow scale off tile cleaner I call it
the red TI soap because the bottle
actually the soap is actually red and
that has acid in it so that's really
good for descaling uh but I prefer the
geyser over this but this is also very
effective okay and this is what the
geyser looks like after it sits for a
day or two when it mixes with the acid
it makes this really thick paste and um
I just rub it on tile
brush and I use this tile brush I'll
give you the uh information on the
um comment section of where you get this
brush hooks up to the pole and I simply
just use this as I go around and scrape
the tile and this Geiser is really
effective of keeping the calcium from
coming back on the pool tiles and the
scum
buildup so as you can see by that pumi
stone and the tiles the geyser every
week I've kept this pool without any
kind of calcium buildup since I've took
over this
account okay it's a real simple
procedure Just Clips on your pole like
your net or your Brushwood and I'm going
to go ahead and rub the tiles and show
you how I do this I basically take the
brush and I just brush along the tile
line you don't have to go too slow and I
just put it on there with some force and
it just coats it every week gets all the
buildup off pretty
easily