we're here in North Vancouver British
Columbia about over the Lion's Gate
Bridge to check out a joint that is the
oldest family run restaurant in
Vancouver this is the tomahawk s
mushroom pie this place is an
institution yeah beef dead it's where I
grew up it's just become an icon what
you're
pudding and so is second generation
owner Chuck Chamberlain Chuck is at
period who took over The Joint after his
parents opened it back in 1926 when Mom
and Dad started they had no idea on how
to cook but it wasn't a restaurant it
was more of a meeting place at that time
but today folks come for the food fix
girl up and that's all thanks to head
chef and zubidi take a mushroom pie up
who cooked in restaurants around the
world before moving to Canada cuz I
wanted to learn Canadian cooking hey
that's what you say right he he
hey and she brought an English favorite
that people here go bananas for and you
know bananas is good orire pudding
served alongside their roast beef dinner
I suck at making York sheer pudding it
just always has been like really flat
bread muffins don't taste good at all I
am now your
disciple so we have flour we've got four
eggs and we give them a little whis and
then we're adding milk and plain water
we've got that mixed pinch of salt to
the flour we start that F whisking and
we pour the liquid in slowly so is this
when the magic happens this is when
magic happens it mixes until it's not
lumpy okay that's done and so we have
our pan this is about 50 years old oh
this going to be leaving in a red
Camara this the magic muffin tin I'm
taking it we're putting beef drippings
in cuz they're what make it beautiful
this goes into the oven I've come to
understand a certain level of depression
when I've tried to do these and they've
not come out puffy mcmagic they've come
out flat MC tragic I'm just going to
leave on that one so we've got the
Archer pudding pan ready and it's going
to
sizzle spot checking you right here
there you go looking good the back oh
can't miss those ones then they go back
in the oven what Temple we at 400 and
they will be puffy mcmagic in about half
an hour oh God I can't wait that you
have to wait
see they ready no peeking set your watch
Mr bling here Yorkshire puddings okay
here we go you guys ready for this
watch there go I'm looking
for absolutely not how mine look quickly
they're puffing down now do we start
slicing
meat would you like the big one okay
beautiful gravy over everything two
knives and
forks go ahead
oh that's outstanding I haven't had that
puffy type of Yorkshire pudding in 20
some
years on the homemade mashed potatoes
with the Yorkshire pudding a little the
whole grain
mustard and then you get that really
tender puff from the pastry it's really
more gravy
please for you
anything good