hi it's Mike riton here from bug bully
pest control and today I'm showing you
this is a cic killer nest and what they
do is they make little um holes in the
ground like this and you might see in
your property where there's going to be
a dirt Mound it goes at about a 45Â°
angle and they make quite a bit of uh
dirt that they kick out of the nest and
they make a hole that they live in so
this is what we're doing
today so here looking at there's about
three or four nests along the walk way
so we're going to go ahead and treat
those and here is the picture again of
the hole that they make so these are CCA
killers they solitary
wasps and they just make holes in the
ground like this so in the treatment
process what I'm going to do right now
is I'll treat these holes so what I'm
doing is using a pthan based dust and
I'm putting injecting that right into
the
holes so here I go I make sure I'm
treating each and every hole make sure I
get the dust as deep as I can into that
hole so when they fly through that then
they won't come
[Music]
back so I'm just making sure again I'll
treat them a couple times just to make
sure I got enough of the Dust inside the
hole
and you can see some coming out there
some of the
dust and just a few finishing uh touches
on that and then we'll be all set so the
cic killer job is complete and if you
have any problems any pests at all give
us a call 61745 A1 1819 we service from
Worcester to
Boston