hello viewers welcome to another episode
of the cookery show on Indian tracks
today I'm gonna show you how to make
English cucumber sandwiches very simple
sandwiches I have the ingredients here
so I have some cucumber that has been
nicely thinly sliced have some salt
fresh coriander leaves some mint leaves
and some dill then I have some unsalted
butter here so first what I'm going to
do is sprinkle some salt on to the
cucumber to release help it release all
the excess moisture so leave it there
for about 15 minutes
once it releases all the water you
remove the slices make it dry and then
we will make the sandwiches so while
we're waiting on the cucumbers let's get
the butter ready I'm going to chop all
the herbs and mix it in the butter now
so you can see I've chopped all the
herbs nice and fine I'm going to add the
butter to the herbs and mix it so make
sure the butter is at room temperature
so it's nice and creamy will you mix it
to the earth look at that it's beautiful
but be using it for the sandwiches you
can add a little more butter to this
so you can see all excess juices that
are coming out of the cucumber after
adding the salt so what we're gonna do
is we're going to discard this so I've
removed all the excess water is going to
Pat these cucumbers dry place it into
the tissue onto the tissue so it will
absorb all this excess moisture on the
slices can see the tissue is absorbing
it instantly
so I'm just going to butter the slices
bread both sides this will give you a
nice or B cucumber sandwiches so to this
I will be placing the cucumbers
maybe add a few more like just put in
the slice so I'm just gonna cover this
I've trimmed the edges of the bread and
now I've made the sandwiches just cut
them into nice triangles yeah before
serving so here you have the English
cucumber sandwiches they make a lovely
snack for your kids and for yourself to
enjoy