hey Mark from holat love Morgan's with
me hey Mark what do we have today so
today a couple Grinders from quinart we
have the cbm18 and the Supreme grind um
both you know look kind of similar these
are lower cost Grinders but they're
going to be fine for doing drip pourover
press that kind of thing wouldn't really
suggest them for espresso um they both
allow you so they both have 18 grind
settings adjustable here by turning the
hopper same thing over on the Supreme
grind um also both use a well you select
the number of Cups you want and then it
kind of uses a timer to dispense coffee
so over on the cbm1 18 you select your
number of Cups here and then you press
the start button and it'll grind for a
time you know it figures is right for
that amount of Cups so you might have to
work with that a little bit to figure
out exactly what you want um no digital
display over here this one's a lower
cost grinder um because of the digital
display and something else we'll get
into in a minute but you can select the
number of Cups here press the start
button sounds like a vacuum cleaner
really um the only way to stop this is
to slide it back um but let's what I
really want to show you is the Burrs
because burs make a big difference when
grinding coffee so I'm going to take
these off so over here on the cbm18 we
have what's a it's a conical steel
bur this is typically used and you know
you'll find these in other manufacturers
grinder um pretty pretty good setup
grinds well and you can see it's it's
fairly large and it's made of steel so
it's it's
resilient um steel can wear down a
little bit over time not really a
concern unless you're grinding rocks so
we go over here to the Supreme grind has
a really different sort of a burr this
one is a flat ceramic bur and you can
just see how much smaller I don't know
if you can see in there yeah we can kind
of get a look inside okay but but a lot
a lot smaller um bur and also this thing
you know when I started up
before you heard it it it spins super
super fast now as you go up into higher
quality Grinders especially those you
know oriented more for espresso and
stuff you find typically that they grind
a whole lot slower and the reason is um
when you grind faster you're creating
more friction and more heat so you're
cooking your ground coffee just a little
bit and what what does that do well
that's going to as you heat up the
coffee it's going to release flavors
that are not going to end up in your cup
M so you're going to lose a little bit
of that flavor and Aroma yeah might not
be a big deal for some people for others
it's going to be a very big deal if you
know those into espresso they they
probably wouldn't want to do that at all
um so I'm going to put some beans in
both okay so you got Hoppers up here and
we'll Grind With
both so on this one you know I I do like
how it has the labeling for espresso
drip and French Press both on the dial
as well as up top here yeah so if you
see if you see when we turn this it kind
of gives you it tells you the number
that you're at grind setting wise then
also kind of give there's a little icon
I don't know if you can see that in
there so that can be helpful for people
that are just you know getting into
brewing coffee at home and maybe don't
know what range they want to be in for
different types of um coffee preparation
yeah so again you just select the number
of Cups you want here now that's just
basically a a timer really I'm going to
set it to two we're going to go all the
way course and we'll take a look at the
grind we're at 18 so I'll just press I
set it to
two now you see this one grinds it spins
really fast too compared to um a lot of
I'm going to stop that really fast yeah
really fast so it grinds very fast but
there's an example of our corses grind
setting that to me is like uh and you do
notice you know in a lower cost grinder
you don't have a lot of consistency in
the particle size you can see some big
chunks in there and some some fines MH
um but that would work for French Press
yeah I mean you know you do get some
fines in there um so as you go up in
price and grind you're going to get a
more consistent grind as you spend more
on a grinder so something to keep in
mind y um so we'll do this on its finest
setting now they label espresso on here
I guess if you're using maybe
pressurized Porta filter in a lower cost
espresso machine you might get away with
these I wouldn't really recommend it
again I'll stop that again and you can
just go manual on this one as well too
so you just press this button oh if
there was coffee in there and just grind
away um so here's our finest
grind so yeah it's pretty fine not not
you know not really what I'd be looking
for for espresso but you know you can
get away with it in the pressurized
Porta filter okay so we'll go over to
the Supreme grind here
and let's go all the way course with
this one and again it's got that slider
up here for the number of Cups you want
it's just a timer thing I'm just going
to set it here we're going to end up
stopping
that and just a really different sound
in that it's going really really fast
I'm going to again the only way to stop
that is to slide that switch back over
we'll take a look at our coarses setting
here so very coarse very very coarse
we'll get rid of
that and we'll go all the way fine and
see what we get on the finest and these
are straight out of the
box we'll set that back to four press
[Music]
start so these are going to be direct
drive so the motor is kind of directly
connected to those burs as you go up in
price and other Grinders you're going to
get gear reduction which helps those uh
Burrs spin a little slower doesn't
transfer as much heat so again pretty
you know pretty fine MH um yeah you know
could you get away with it in that
pressurized Porta filter yeah probably
yeah but don't try to you know use this
on a nice a high-end prummer machine no
no you would you wouldn't be happy with
that at all um they also both come with
a a scoop for measuring out your coffee
and a little gr and a little brush is on
the other end that's kind of handy so
when you take this off you can brush the
burs off inside okay so um let's see I
think that pretty much covers it on
these guys again lower cost Grinders
both from quinart
cbm18 and the what the heck was
it's the Supreme grind Supreme grind
thank you Mor I don't know why I blanked
out there uh they're both available
where at Hol love.com all right guys
thanks for watching hey why not
subscribe now for easy free access to
more videos on everything coffee brought
to you by holat love.com
[Music]