this is the gel memory foam pillow uh
you can see it has the gel on one side
only actually so it's supposed to keep
you cool overnight uh I had this for a
week now I really didn't notice any
difference compared to a normal pillow
as far as being cool um I mean but it is
really comfortable so if you like your
pillows to be on the softer side then
this is a really good option I mean the
quality of this pillow you know just Top
Notch I mean starting with the cover you
know the interior is you know pretty
common for memory form that I've seen in
the past uh and then you have the blue
lining here going across for the cover
looks you know gives a really nice look
to it uh as far as the Comfort level I
would say if you're looking for a soft
to firm firm is the 10 it would be about
I would say six maybe 6 and 1/2 um so
this one maybe I would say probably 8 or
7 and 1/2 the Comfort level this is the
tempic memory from pillow I've been
using for about 4 years now and I've
noticed this kind of on the firmer side
so I wanted to try something softer uh
and this is a really good replacement um
so let me just show you you know this
one you can see there's a resistance
when I press it it comes right back up
and it's kind of harder to press this
one if you press it softly it goes in
and pressing it in know more it takes
longer to come up so when I sleep on
this it uh Dives in about this much I
goes in this one actually goes in a
little bit more like this and you know
you're more in it by they don't go to
the bottom which is good so overall I
mean the Comfort level is really good um
so it's for somebody who's looking for
um you know pretty much a softer pillow
the other side doesn't have the memory
uh the gel but uh you know I usually use
this side
anyways because I feel the gels to be a
little bit uneven uh this you know this
is a smooth surface of the other side um
so yeah I mean if you're looking for a
you know memory foam pillow with gel I
guess and uh you know something that's
on the softer side then I would
definitely recommend this because it's
very comfortable