well hello there dolls don't look too
hard and we might turn into stone I'm
doing my Medusa lift for you today so if
you want to learn review this look just
keep watching here I'm going to start
out by applying a very light foundation
is I'm just pale so really you can apply
your normal foundation if you want to
but I'm using to make it forever and
then apply some Mac prep and prime right
underneath the eye blend that out we're
going to use some contour you have
contour your face I'm using a Anasazi
Beverly Hills contour and I'm contouring
like a lot a lot on my face to make it
look very flim kind of evil because the
more you do the more it looks evil do go
down your nose as well you want to make
your nose a really pointy so I'm going
to use really dark color and you'll see
later that I add a little bit of green
here I'm adding a tiny tiny bit of green
and this one's called fringe in the
electric palette and I also added a
little bit of humid by Mac so just keep
contouring with that I added a little
bit of this color this is what the humid
color is we're going to put that all
over the lid now and make it really
winged out and I also did the one eye so
that I saved time so I'm putting humid
all over my top lid and underneath as
well
now I'm just blending out with a blank
row on a blank brush oh no it has
nothing on it so then we're going to add
a little bit of this color and this one
is called olive scrumptious scrumptious
scrumptious
olive I think the please say it by Mac
and basically we're going to add in that
right to live here and the lighting here
is so weird I'm sorry it was like a
weird time of the day
and we're going to do a really thick
wing liner and this is a L'Oreal liquid
liner I have we're going to wing that
baby out just do a really really thick
line
I'm going to use my Anasazi uh Beverly
Hills
um eyebrow and dip brow in ash Brown
also if you didn't notice I brought it
down the nose a little bit too so make
sure you do that add some mascara and I
also made my liner a little bit pointy
on the inside corner there and I'm using
some strip tease lashes bye bye the boss
and I'm going to go down my nose with
the same color just a hint of the green
so I look kind of green on my nose now
I'm going to use this trick and this is
the most ugliest thing ever but it's
just some stockings I had and this is I
use this for mermaid tricks too and I
normally have a stencil for this but for
some reason I couldn't find it so knees
my mehron green and i'm going to go all
the way around my face but I do it in
sections so I did the top section first
and I do dark green black and the normal
green so I do the dark green it's called
Amazon green and then the normal green
all by mehron paradise veins now I'm
going to do the sides of your face like
I'm doing here same way and then I'm
going to go over top with a brush and
just blend them a little bit so that
they don't look so prominent because
otherwise it kind of looks more matey
now I'm going to use green all over my
lips I'm using the Amazon green or not I
was on sorry like green by Mayo and
paradise veins
this was supposed to be a also a
collaboration with my friend Gina
shequida
and she has a ton of like really fun
Halloween tutorials so go check her out
on with her below but she unfortunately
couldn't do it because she is like doing
this crazy mean green I'm so proud of
her
so I'm really excited for her that she's
doing that with NYX so I'm going to add
some of the green on top of this I'm
using humid again and I'm using that
scrumptious olive so I'm using humid all
over the lips so they look kind of green
and dark green and then I go in after
with the black you'll see what I mean
and I'm going with the scrumptious Olive
right in the middle of the lip and then
I'm gonna use some black you make these
little kind of wings upwards and those
are to look kind of like teeth like
snake-like and then I make the top of my
Cupid's bow pointy as well and I added a
little bit of a flick to the outside
corner so that it looks more like
serpent II I'm going to make one down
the middle of the lip there and then I'm
also going to go and I'm going to add a
little bit to my nose but I'm doing
these with a mayor on paradise paints
the one on my lip I was using my L'Oreal
liquid what's a call minor sorry I drew
a blank they're known so now I'm making
these little points on my lip here to
make it look more serpent EE and this is
with the mayor on paradise paints in
black
now I'm going to do this design that I
did in a previous tutorial for the
serpent lady and I at that time I wasn't
sure if I was going to do Medusa so I
wanted to add this actually into my
Medusa tutorial because I thought it was
like a really fun kind of side of the
face so I'm going to link that down
below and in this box here so that you
can go check that one out so make sure
to check out my other Halloween
tutorials and I will see you in the next
one bye dolls
you