so we moved back to Australia that's why
you haven't seen us for a while because
we were very busy relocating from the
entire back to our home country we get
away for a lot of years but the great
thing is about this new kitchen it's
really big spacious it's a bit old and
sort of you know it's all chipboard and
trying old seventies stuff but at least
we've got plenty of room we've got
another that works we've got a fridge we
thought we'd cook something Australasian
I'm not going to say with it's from
Australia or New Zealand I'm not gonna
give you that argument we thought we'd
make a pavlova large eggs at room
temperature we've got organic ones here
we want whites right there we just want
the wires so I'm going to try this thing
I've never actually seen what happens if
you put an egg yolk in with white
whether at all you know think about it
doesn't and I always recommend not doing
this
yeah if you stuff that up you're gonna
you're gonna stuff up the whole lot you
see you need to do it into a single bowl
that's why I've got this one I don't
even do care - exactly
and then refill yeah do you know what
I'm just going to try going around the
other side of the bench now that we've
got under buddy this is just incredible
whoo look at that background effected by
currently this has got something that's
a bit different in it where you sort of
heat the egg whites up before you can't
source Metheny it's too wide done it's
meant to be like a like a double boiler
no this is fine no no no you get it on
this is fine get this water up to the
point where we're just getting little
fine bubbles on the bottom but it's not
boiling
trust me lip it's fine don't worry right
what's in there in the end we decide to
go with I'm just going to get a quarter
of a cup of water
we're spiced again there's mostly cream
of tartar in this it didn't get bought
no it's quite short or a smoke whose
response
for that but anyway when he looked on
the Internet's and come up with us
pudding you can put lemon juice to set a
creditor title we know that we're going
to use a line one teaspoon of cream of
tartar or two teaspoons of lemon juice
okay that's one that's more than one
you're getting towards two now one three
four hours - but okay
maybe you've adjusted it perfectly it's
just got a little popping bubbles in
there I don't understand how it's okay
it's okay as long as we keep it moving
and I just keep whisking that I'm not
whisking it up to soft peaks or anything
like that but I'm whisking away at it
until the mixture starts to feel hot to
the point where you don't - keep your
fingers in it I don't know how this
helps heating it up like this we're
making your meringue but our weather
opens up the texture a little bit to let
more air it makes it firmer or just lets
the egg white know that you mean
business and starting to get there and
you know I probably shouldn't have
picked that up like that because that
was probably bound to be half of it
actually put out my screen whoopsy it
hasn't cooked Lenny hasn't cooked yeah
no comes up how does this thing work
again never use it
crazy home just wait till it gets
thicker did you put sugar in the sugar
was meant to mean while I was doing
dummy oh it's because you're putting the
pressure on but won't be melted and
dissolved like it would have been see
that's why the heating one and a quarter
cups I'm also supposed to putting some
vanilla now ladies got this stuff I've
never seen before it's not vanilla
essence it's not vanilla bean it's
something in the middle it's vanilla
bean paste I reckon we probably use
about half yeah of what you would use if
it was essence yeah we recognise one
teaspoon whereas I think we'd normally
use to so I just put in one teaspoon if
you happen on this sort of make so long
three big ones one you doing
what you going what this is your hand
I'm sick of learning backchat me so much
what happy voyage boil button much
better off using
just gotta get that ring
relations from the
with a wig applied
really should be using Vikings hi Katya
this train entering
what do you reckon Lin is that look well
it's not moving is it's not moving no no
it's like looks like plaster doesn't it
that's in we're heating the oven up to
what is it 2 to 5 Fahrenheit Lenny or
look at it
I know the Snowman that's only eight egg
whites that amazes me eggs are amazing I
love eggs do these horrible tiles we
gotta go gotta go
the beauty of doing the warm method is
it allows we have a crispy shell on the
outside and a really marshmallow V
Center that's what he's our pride of it
yep oh no I think that's probably about
the right that's probably a good height
actually so bit over 100 C to 25f what
are you putting it in form let's check
it after an hour and a half but I
expected to take at least two hours
expanded inside cuz it is it ready oh no
it's not ready
no it's what wibbly-wobbly it should
have a hard carapace around it back so
skeleton turn it up about 20 degrees for
another 20 minutes or so going Brown
we've turned about to high
let's not let's leave it let's turn it
off now we're going to turn it off stop
cooking okay the thing with the thing is
if you want to you want to leave it on
fan because if you're not going to eat
it straight away which of course you're
not going to because you want to have a
cold the moisture in the air will get to
it home zero degrees yes yes they're on
and it's just kind of sitting there in
suspended animation
definitely
okay it's a cold light of day we
realized that the purveyor really wasn't
crust enough on the outside so we put it
back in on a hundred degrees Celsius for
another probably and now if he's
starting to really create that lovely
crust so it can go it's been in there
overnight just with the fan on to keep
it dry but that wasn't enough to cross
it off maybe leave in for another half
an hour and learn from this that we made
it so be that two hours in there wasn't
enough to dry it out so another half an
hour right yes better now
oh yes beautiful like you can just hear
it's got a crispy shell apart from the
fact that it's got a little brown
because we made that mistake turning it
up to five for a few minutes
courting disaster here isn't a hand
gonna go through the bottom on the car
Holly oh well that was my heart was in
my mouth
there we go just whipping some crazy as
you do yeah pieces it's a bit rusty that
thing that I've had machetes shot better
this is the best best baby
selection of tropical fruits normally
the local historical barriers just know
where they could where's the cherry
Peeta
you really have to dress it just before
you eat it so if you're doing it for a
party or whatever leave it in the oven
with just with the fan on until you're
ready to serve it otherwise it will go
something
and the old passion for drizzle yeah
well that is seams with some impressive
topping work I think
oh that's good I'm going first yeah
looks a bit brown on the under needs
yeah but we've acknowledged that that's
a problem hmm not too dry right
don't sweeten the cream cause it's sweet
enough already
yeah crispy soft that I like the way the
texture of the inside comes up with it
with a warm egg white method it seems to
give it make a bit more marshmallow in a
bit more dense and the advantage of that
warm cooking method is that it
stabilizes it a bit better so you less
likely to have a collapse which is a you
know what are you putting on together no
in the oven it could really fall down
that one coin of hers has no burn Alice
I was talking you know completely
collapse and he's drinking some detritus
mor more something yummy what drives us
dr. Isis debt writers get it right us I
think overall you last one you made was
was the one that was a corker you know
this is good I'm glad it has no I was
worried it was gonna dry out inside the
cooking method must be bit over 100 to
see what was it to 15 to 25 F and just
cook it until it's crispy on the until
it's got a shell on the outside of it
not not doesn't rebound doesn't have a
yeah and don't display in Jesus took
don't do it late at night either light
or not when you go to get a bit first
all the pervy nods