I ever got myself a new expedition
backpack so he evolved you too and looks
like a really good piece of kit hit
expect from exhibition but tried yet
what I'm doing is I'm just getting there
all the straps and everything adjusted
up to suit myself I've put just a bit of
doing here - Patti I always like to do
that with new gear and give it all set
up so it's ready to go now one of the
things that I hate is having loose
straps hanging around like this so
basically I just followed sheriff you
know I do my comic on how to solve that
problem there are some proxy and given
time exhibition and maybe tell the
country some like actual products to
help you manage those loose ends well I
haven't got access to those and probably
on a bit too cheap to buy so we're going
to use this stuff here which is double
side velcro tapes a bit in each word
this particular I'm using and it's the
type of stuff that used for securing on
the trip cables computer cables that
kind of thing so well you can't wrangle
and just show you why I do it
and hopefully won't use a few guys
alright so that's a shoulder strap see
there the excess strap so need to get
that out of the light
so we've got this stuff you need to use
this either way for those who aren't
familiar with it it's double sided
you've got the ferry side of the velcro
there and the rubber side on me and
basically this is we're just gonna wrap
itself up now so you can use it off with
the theory side out or with the other
side out whichever you prefer it doesn't
really matter okay so what we'll do to
get started with this is the way I like
to do it is to put it like so overlap
like that and that's going to mean that
this caps come or slider and I'm going
to roll that strap towards the inside
sort of roll up with this velcro still
cradled in the middle now it's a little
bit awkward with the roll on but if you
don't know what week you know best not
to cut it until after you've rolled the
the strap up so we'll just keep doing
that till we get it where we want it as
mentioned you obviously need to make
sure you've got your strap pretty
adjusted before you do this
the good thing about this is you're not
actually doing you can't read this later
if you either wrong or something okay so
we're at that point now you can see the
stretch around and in the middle there
is the tailor velcro so at this point
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
wrap the velcro around the back back
over the front he'll give me a link
which is a bit less I'm just going to
cut that away so we're doing okay that's
what you're left with so you get might
be able to see just a normal zoom the
camera in a bit so you got you get some
detail on this that will focus in
through the middle is where the velcro
is coming up it goes right the right
around back over and now I've given it
just to a bit there I'm sorry I'm out of
rope ologies just stick that up now that
can't go anywhere it can't slide it off
at the bottom because the tabs in and
it's all nice and secure if I do need to
adjust that or change the belt wing or
anything else like that there's no
problem doing that I do apologise to get
out of frame while sitting back yet so
that's just a nice easy solution and
that'll just hang there quite nicely and
it won't annoy you will do they have one
in just a moment I won't bother doing
that on camera the other thing I found
that this stuff's really good for now
this is the waist belt on this one and
you see this one came with master size
keepers on it the exist built but if you
buy pack that doesn't have that again
this is perfect for that kind of use as
well it's really good
alright guys thanks for watching hope
that's useful to someone like me