hey everyone it's Anna slash bumpin from
possum calm and I'm going to be showing
you how to make these types of resin
pendants preferably how to put resin in
the center of something that originally
doesn't have that spot to add something
now I don't have these domed on the back
but you get the gist it's basically how
to put resin in the center of oh but you
can do it in the center of just about
anything a square triangle whatever you
like
star etc but you will have to have the
front part flap to be able to do this so
let me get started and showing you what
you're going to need to do this project
alright so you're going to need this
mold if you want to make the oh I use
the Oh from the word love from this mold
I got this one from crafters delights
you're going to need some resin I've
already pre-mixed it doesn't really
matter if it has bubbles in or not
especially if you have a heat gun I'll
just be using my heat gun I've had
forever to heat up the resin and get rid
of all the excess bubbles you're going
to need tape I'm just using packing tape
it's just a thick packaging tape that I
use for my packages and I already took a
piece off and I have a circle that I've
already done so I'm going to get up
close and show you what you're going to
have to do with the tape and the resin
piece
okay so you're gonna have to take your
piece of tape make sure that it is big
enough to fit over the piece and try and
do whether you don't have any finger
prints because it's going to pick up
those fingerprints and you're going to
want smoothly because your resin piece
is flat you should be able to do this
good I'm not too sure if you can do it
very well with rigid pieces I'm sure it
would just seep out but you're just
going to make sure that you get it like
around the frame and stuff so that
there's like no air pockets or anything
and I always like quadruple check this
and stuff because you don't want it to
seep out from the piece and you're going
to be putting the resin in the center
here so if you have a gap between here
and here or a bubble that's going to
seep through and when you pull off this
tape part it's going to come off clean
and clear just like this piece or this
piece so let's continue with tutorial
alright so I zoomed in as far as I could
I'm going to take my clear resin that
has nothing in it it's just clear no no
paints no pigments no nothing and you're
just going to pour a little bit in the
center you don't have to put like a
bunch but just enough to create a
barrier basically like a layer of the
resin um see how that there's some
bubbles you can just take your heat gun
or a blow straw I like using a heat gun
and you can just get rid of those
bubbles so I'm going to do that
all right and you're going to take your
sticker I just have a cute little twin
star one and you're going to place it in
the resin be careful you don't want to
get the resin on you it's preferred to
wear gloves when you're doing this like
nitrile gloves but I don't have any and
I've never used them so what you're
going to stick your piece down into
resin I'm just using a toothpick um you
can use just about anything to stick it
down as long as it doesn't leave
anything
so like toothpick popsicle stick a
lollipop stick stir sticks anything
works so that is it and I will be back
later after the resin is dry which will
be quite some time and then I will peel
the tape off and show you guys how that
works and how it looks and stuff mmm so
I will see you and I don't know like six
seven hours
all righty so I can peel this off now I
already started peeling it off from one
corner but then I went back and I just
had to stop so basically all you're
going to do is carefully pull it off and
it's going to just leave the resin there
and that's literally it like you just
take the tape off and if your tape has
like a weird pattern from the stickiness
it's going to kind of leave that
sometimes this is the first time I think
I've got that but it's very shiny it's
flush cute I like it I used um uh I
think this is either Kiki or Lala I I
think this one is Kiki um but I use her
in there and you can feel part of the
sticker here it's sticky but you can put
another layer of just clear resin over
that if you want and I already down the
back of this while this is drying so
this is already done and that is how you
do it if you have any questions or
anything pertaining to this how to do it
or maybe you're confused or something
didn't make sense or you just helped in
general just comment below and I would
be happy to help and I think that's it
thanks for watching guys woosh