[Music]
the reason you wash your birds is so
that they can look their best at a show
it is important that your bird or birds
are clean because it best represents you
as a poultry owner
for washing your birds you will need a
top to put the warm water in you'll need
some sort of mild shampoo or dish
detergent you can also use specially
formulated shampoo that you can buy from
any poultry supply company you will need
a toothbrush for scrubbing the legs feet
and toes and you'll want to use some
lotion for the combs you'll also want to
use drawing the bird a towel and you can
choose to use a blow dryer if you choose
to use a blow dryer be careful not to
scare the bird
water is in the tub and I've tested it
and it's warm now it's time to wash the
chicken be gentle chickens don't like to
be banked at all trying to get every
finger wet ah scrub take the toothbrush
and scrub the legs under water to get
rid of any dirt I might be on the legs
take your fingers and put them in water
and then kind of clean the comb get rid
of any dried and dead skin they won't
like it but it'll get them clean and
take the toothbrush again and clean the
vent area and get rid of any dirt the
middie there now that your bird has been
washed in the soapy water go ahead and
rinse the water off put the water on low
and make sure it's still warm
you
now that the bird has been rinsed it is
time to dry off first we'll dry them
with the towel
since it's cold outside I've decided
that I'd like to bromo dry this chicken
first though I have to apply the lotion
to the combs and wattles the lotion will
moisturize the komen model comes and
models are the common models and give
them a better color
now - time to blow-dry the chicken I'm
going to put the speed on Mount and the
temperature on wrong
[Applause]
[Music]