[Music]
hey guys today I'd like to show you how
to make cucumber sandwiches I was
introduced to this gosh probably 30
years ago at a wedding shower that I had
gone to for someone and they used it of
course on bread and over the years I
have too but because I'm doing this diet
I'm not doing bread and so we've chosen
to kind of do them a little bit
differently and so I want to show you
how we make them now I bu the English
cucumbers um you could probably do it
with a regular one I did for many many
years uh you just have to I would uh
scrape the seeds out of the center of it
and that's just why I use this one
because you don't have to scrape the
seeds out of these so we're going to
start with our happy cream cheese like
Tammy from yo-yo Max
uses um we're going to use one cup of
shredded uh cucumbers and I just take my
Shredder here and just I peel it and and
then just shred it up but we're use a
cup of that now if you don't really like
the taste of cucumber a lot you may want
to cut down on that um I'm going to use
a thir of a cup of shredded onion I
again did it with my little Shredder I
just put it on there and shredded up my
onion now you can also use spring on
onions if you would like um I don't
because to me they're like stringy U so
I don't we're going to use a half of a
tablespoon of garlic powder we're going
to use 1 and 1/2 tblspoon of
deal and we're going to use salt and
pepper to
[Music]
taste try not to throw that in there
[Music]
okay guys now I finished mixing mine and
I went ahead and ran mine through my
little food processor to make it thin
enough if you're going to use this for a
dip I would suggest you running it
through your food processor and if
you're just going to make it for like
little sandwiches you don't have to you
can you can just leave it like it is but
I like to make mine really smooth
because I'm going to be putting mine
into a Piping Bag now you don't have to
do this you can just put it on a
cucumber you can put it in a sandwich
obviously you can do whatever you want
with it but um I had talked about in my
weight loss video how it means a lot to
me to have pretty
food so I go the extra mile and I put it
in my bag and then I just sliced up some
cucumbers like
[Music]
this and that's what I do with
them like that or you could take take
your vegetable peeler and then just peel
off a couple of or however how many you
want peel off some slices of cucumber
like
this now I'll show you what really helps
on
this dry your cucumbers off
that just
helps the uh stuff stay on it better but
just put it on there kind of
[Music]
thin and then I've got some skewers like
this and I've got skewers like this
whatever you want to do we're going to
roll these up
there we go take a little
skewer and skew it like
[Music]
that that's it Guys these are really
easy you'll notice a Common Thread and
all of my videos they're easy because I
don't like stuff that's hard to cook or
takes a long time I I just don't like
that so these are super easy they're
extremely low carb you can do it you
know any different way I ended up taking
and cutting uh the bottom off of a great
tomato and put it on there but y'all
these are so so good the longer you can
let this sit together the flavors kind
of all come together this is so
good you can have it for a meal or you
could use it you know as an Ord derve or
whatever you want these are really good
and super easy I hope you give it a try
guys see you next time