because let's face it when coffee
started to be drank so many many many
years ago this is how it had to be
ground hi everyone I'm Brian with French
press coffee calm and in today's video
we're going to be talking about the
famous ha Rio ceramic coffee mills
curtain now the ha Rio ceramic coffee
mills curtain is a really trusted and
well-known coffee grinder for coffee
lovers coffee enthusiasts and a lot of
folks that we've talked to here at
French press coffee calm but there's one
little problem
all the instructions are in Japanese for
it so we thought that we would make a
guide to show you exactly how you can
set up use properly adjust for grind and
this is going to be the really important
part and clean your Hari o Skerton now
this is going to be a slightly long
video so if you're interested in seeing
a specific part of the video you can
check out in the description of our
video the time codes that will allow you
to click to the portion that you would
like to watch
let's talk firstly about the parts for
the hereos curtain grinder we have on
the far left here our glass jar this is
where our grounds are going to of course
end up as we grind our coffee then we
have our bean hopper and this is an
important part of the ha Rio grinder not
only because it's where our beans go but
also because it does have a burr on its
bottom a ceramic burr here for grinding
so that is a very important part of the
grinding process with the HA Rios garden
then we have our second part of our burr
grinder this is again a ceramic grinder
with the metal shaft this is going to
all come together of course and I'm
going to show that to you in a moment to
grind your coffee we also have this
small clear washer and this is a really
important little piece which is why you
want to make sure you keep an eye on it
it's a little hard because it is clear
so always keep a good eye on that when
you're cleaning we'll talk about that
later on next up we have our adjustment
nut and we're going to talk about why
that is
in a moment we also have our nut stopper
that's going to interface with the
adjustment nut then we have the handle
pretty straightforward of course this is
for turning to grind it is plastic and
very easy to make use of and finally we
have our fixing cap and the lid to our
hopper let's assemble the Hari o skirt
in and I'm going to start with just the
hopper and burr grinder portion we're
going to not focus on the glass jar just
yet first of all we're going to take our
shaft and second part of our burr
grinder we're just going to insert that
and you'll see it slides up and directly
through the center of the hopper now
we're going to start putting everything
together our washer is going to come
first place that washer right there and
it's going to fill that tiny little gap
between your shaft and your adjustment
nut which is coming up next then we're
going to take that adjustment nut put it
on top of the shaft and we're going to
screw it down not too hard don't crank
it and here's the reason that we're
going to not crank this over this is
going to set us up for the zero position
for our grinder and this is going to be
important down the road for when we're
choosing the type of grind that we want
to make use of and as I say that's
really important so we'll get into that
in a moment so don't wrench that down
just finger tight and you should be fine
next up you'll take your adjustment nut
and you're going to place this on top of
the shaft you're going to notice that
it's only going to fit in a certain way
so I can't force this on I can just turn
it until it slides on and that's because
this is lightly keyed and a little
square so it will pop right on after
that you can take your lid and pop it on
if you want you don't have to put this
on right now because I found that you
can also slide this on with the handle
on the handle will go on again in the
same way as that retaining nut because
it is keyed a little bit so just pop
that handle on and then tighten down
your fixing cap and again you don't need
to wrench any of this down very hard you
want to be light on it and finally you
can put your lid on by sort of just
stretching it over the
down over the shaft of the handle and
then everything is together now of
course the important thing here that
we've skipped over that we're going to
dedicate a whole portion to is how to
adjust for grind because in this case
you're still in the zero position and
you want to choose the proper grind so
we're going to show you guys how to do
that right now let me show you how to
adjust for the proper grind on the ha
Rio skirt and grinder this is pretty
easy once you get the hang of it so I'll
just show you guys how I'm going to
remove the fixing nut and then I'm going
to remove the handle and after I've
removed the handle I will remove the
retaining nut I'm going to set all of
this aside now what I have here again is
the grind adjustment nut and this is a
little trick that we've come up with
here at French press coffee comm we've
marked a notch on the adjustment nut by
making use of a red marker and we've
marked one notch here and then we've
marked down and on to the hopper shaft
and so what this allows us to do is line
those two up and this just is a way for
us to start off and get to know this as
time goes on I think you'll be able to
just eyeball this and turn as you need
to but this allowed us to be able to
really know that we were turning the
adjustment nut the right amount of
notches for the grind that we're looking
for and when I say a notch I am talking
about this actual physical notch right
here inside the adjustment nut so when I
talk about turning counterclockwise to
adjust for that one notch would
basically look like this so I'll show
that to you again I know that my red
line here designates or my starting
point so if I want to turn two notches
this would be one notch and this is two
notches so it's a quick and easy way to
just get yourself used to this and
remember the important part here is that
I've zeroed out the grinder I know that
I have this finger tightened down and I
have my burs together on the bottom half
of the hopper so I'm in the zero
position so anywhere I adjust from now
is just going to be done in single
notches or more than one knotch
depending on the type of grind and let
talk about the grind that you would use
for the number of notches that you would
turn and before I talk about the
different grinds that we can make use of
by turning these notches let me just
show you a little bit of what this looks
like if I turn one notch right now just
one and I flip the grinder over you can
see I have just a tiny bit of play in my
Birds so of course that's going to give
me a more fine grind will turn this up a
few more notches as you can see I get
more play and then if I turn this fully
this would be a complete 360 essentially
and if I flip that over you can see how
much play I have there so this is going
to give me that clearance that I need
between the birds in order to grind my
coffee beans and again The Closer that
they are together the closer my birds
are again one notch the finer my grind
because the less play between my burs so
moving on with that knowledge moving
from a zero point setting on the burs
for my hari o skirt and this makes it
pretty easy for me to know how many
notches one by one I need to turn my
adjustment nut in order to get the type
of coffee grind that I would like and
here's what I could get with those
different types of grinds with one notch
of turn I could get espresso mocha pots
a very fine grind essentially we will
preface this by saying that with a
full-on espresso machine and automated
machine something along those lines this
might not get as fine as you need it you
would want to experiment with this but
for a mocha pot or just an espresso
style grind this works great medium to
fine grind would be two notches this is
great for arrow press or pour over cones
medium grind would be three notched
turns and that's great for drip cone or
pour over cones medium to coarse grind
would be five turns five notches and
that's for a clever brewer or a Chemex
something along those lines
and finally coarse grind to get a coarse
grind you'll want to turn the adjustment
not seven notches this is great for
French press cupping or for any other
coarse grind needs that you might have
with the beans inside of the hopper now
all this is just a baseline for you to
work off of and remember this is subject
because taste is subjective you're going
to want to find the grind that works
best for your coffee experience and so
as a result you're going to want to
tweak your adjustment not on your hereo
grinder in order to find exactly what
you want out of the grind that you're
looking to achieve with the grinder and
let's talk about how to clean the Hari o
skirt and grinder this is fairly
straightforward
first of all separate the glass
container and the hopper remove the
locking screw the handle the stopper and
the washer make sure to really keep
track of that washer because again it's
easy to lose put that somewhere where
you're going to remember where it is and
then wash all the parts with water every
part of the Hari o skirt and is washable
by hand so you'll want to use a light
detergent dish soap something along
those lines and a good brush to clean it
don't be too heavy on it just take your
time get it nice and clean and then dry
it dry each portion and put it back
together in the way that we've shown you
here in our video
you
here's a few general tips to keep in
mind when you're using the Hari Oscar in
Grindr
tip number one is take your time
grinding grinding don't turn really
really quickly just take your time
grind slowly and this is going to give
you a good grind on your coffee and tip
number two is don't grind with your
heart and grinder without beans in the
hopper and definitely do not turn your
grinder counterclockwise because doing
either of those things
might damage the burrs in the screen
grinder tip number three is don't adjust
for extremely fine grinds like Turkish
style coffee because that could also
damage the birds in your grinder coffee
bean oil can add up and buildup on the
coffee burrs so just make sure to keep
them clean soak them every once awhile
in a neutral detergent and then clean
them very carefully don't use bleach or
any harsh detergents or cleaners on your
burbs tip number five if you want to
protect your countertop your wood table
or your workspace make sure to use the
silicon pad that covers the bottom of
the glass jar portion of the grinder
this way when you're grinding you won't
drag that glass over your surface and
take the chance of scratching it tip
number six don't use a metal spoon for
tapping on the glass or anything along
those lines a wood spoon is recommended
you could scratch the glass or even
worse of course you could break it with
a metal spoon tip number seven the
grinder is completely washable so that's
a good reason to keep it clean as often
as possible the entire thing can be
cleaned all of the metal is stainless
steel the ceramic burrs are able to be
cleaned very easily and unlike metal
bars they are going to be rust free so
with a little bit of care this grinder
should last you probably for a lifetime
and tip number eight by using the lid
which comes with the hari o skirt and
grinder your glass jar can now become a
storage container for your ground coffee
and there you have it guys everything
that you need to know about the hari o
skirt in sir
Vanek Mill burr grinder now if you guys
have questions comments if we've missed
anything or if there's anything you'd
like to know more about make sure to get
in touch in the comment section of this
video or of course visit us at French
press coffee dot-com we're always happy
to talk coffee with you guys we hope
that you found this useful and as I say
really once you get used to using this
grinder I think it's just going to
become sort of second nature just spend
a little time gain to know that
adjustment process and you should be all
set to get some really great coffee
ground and you get the enjoyment of
knowing that you did it by hand so you
probably get a little bit workout at the
same time never hurts right
as always guys I'm Brian with French
press coffee comm and thanks for tuning
in and until next time take care if you
like that video go ahead and give us a
like and while you're at it why don't
you subscribe to our Channel and I'll go
ahead and wait for you if you do I'll
give you an iced coffee quote come on
thank you so much and now for the quote
I would stop drinking coffee but I'm no
quitter