hey what's up everybody I'm Shelly and
today I'm gonna be showing you how to
make my delicious oxtail stew this
recipe can serve up to about eight or
more people and it is absolutely
delicious really good so let's get
started here is all what you will need
to make your oxtail stew
you will need five pounds of exhales you
will need about ten pieces of the larger
oxtail and the smaller pieces you will
need about nine of these and that will
equal to five pounds altogether along
with that you will need some all-purpose
flour
canola oil an optional red wine what
sester sauce better than blue on B face
tomato paste vinegar and for our
vegetables you will need two russet
potatoes two stalks of carrots and some
organic frozen green peas for your
seasonings you will need one yellow
onion garlic fresh thyme and bay leaves
for our additional seasonings you'll
need some salt Tony Satter is Creole
seasoning now if you don't have this you
can use these a dorrance Creole
seasoning Oh to slap your mama Creole
seasoning you will also need some chef
Alfred on Sport your magic and optional
ingredients you can use some cayenne
pepper and hot sauce and there we have
it
chop one yellow onion
here we have about seven cloves of
garlic we're going to chop that up until
it's mince here we have some fresh thyme
we're going to remove the leaves of the
stem of the time
Bunch all the leaves together
chop the time very fine and so it
resembles coarse crumbs like how you see
here here we have two stalks of carrots
we're going to chop the carrots into
quarter pieces
using a potato peeler peel two russet
potatoes
cut the russet potatoes into quarter
chunks
here I have some cold water into a large
bowl add one teaspoon of vinegar give
that a quick stir add your ox tails into
the vinegar and water solution and this
will help clean the oxtails you're gonna
let this sit for about 10 minutes here I
have a medium-sized bowl with some cold
water we're going to add one teaspoon of
vinegar give that a quick stir add your
russet potato chunks into the water and
vinegar solution not only does this
vinegar and water solution clean the
potatoes but it prevents them from
turning brown here I have a small bowl
with some cold water we're going to add
one teaspoon of vinegar get that a quick
stir
you're going to add your carrots into
the vinegar and water solution not only
does this help clean the carrots but it
also helps prevent them from turning
brown you can leave your carrots and
your potatoes in the solution overnight
in a food processor add 1 cup of chopped
yellow onion
one tablespoon of chopped garlic and one
teaspoon of thyme
blend all ingredients for about two
minutes or until the mixture has a paste
consistency and this is how it looks
when we're done and we're going to use
this to marinate our ox tails so let's
get started with that we've transferred
our ox tails to a large bowl let's add
some seasoning add 1/2 a teaspoon of
salt 1/2 a teaspoon of Tony acessories
Creole seasoning 1 teaspoon of Chef
poppadoms porter magic and you can add
the oxtail marinade which we've made an
eye food processor you can add that in
there and 1/4 cup of Worcester sauce now
at this time you can add your optional
ingredients you can add 1 teaspoon of
cayenne pepper and 1 tablespoon of hot
sauce if you like using your hands rub
the seasonings into the oxtails
you're gonna cover this and place this
into your refrigerator and let this sit
overnight here we have five cups of hot
water into a medium-sized bowl add 1 1/2
tablespoons of the betadine Boyan beef
base stir it into the hot water until
the beef base dissolves into the water
and this is how it looks when we're done
now for an optional step if you want to
add the red wine add 1/4 cup of red wine
stir all your ingredients together
pre-heat your fire to medium-high heat
add 1/3 cup of canola oil
let's all get hot for two minutes add
your oxtails into the all
you're gonna let these oxtail sear on
each side for two minutes and this is
how it will look when we're done we're
going to remove them out of the pot and
place them onto a serving dish this is
the same all that we've seared our
oxtail Zhen add 1/3 cup of all-purpose
flour using a wooden spatula stir all
your ingredients together
continue to stir this for 6 minutes or
until mixture reaches a dark brown color
now I'll let you know that cooking times
vary so you can take a shorter or longer
period of time okay it's been about 6
minutes now now mixture has reached a
dark brown color
add 2 cups of chopped yellow onion and 2
tablespoons of chopped garlic stir all
your ingredients together now we're
gonna let this saute for four minutes
now don't pay attention to the smoke
that is normal add your beef base and
mine mixture now remember this is 5 cups
of beef base and 1/4 cup of wine stir
all your ingredients together now let's
add some seasoning add 1/2 a teaspoon of
salt
1/2 a teaspoon of tony satter is grill
seasoning 1 teaspoon of chef poppadoms
porter magic 2 teaspoons of time and if
you want to add your optional
ingredients you can add 1/2 a teaspoon
of cayenne pepper and 1 tablespoon of
hot sauce now I did forget to add my
Bailey used side - Adam later in the
video but you can add your bay leaves at
this sign add 2 tablespoons of tomato
paste remember when I marinated my ox
tails there were some juices and
seasonings left over from that I'm gonna
add that in there
stir all your ingredients together let
this come to a slight simmer turn your
fire down for medium high to medium-low
heat our mixture is at a slight simmer
add your ox tails
is there all your ingredients together
cover with lid let simmer on a
medium-low fire for two hours now they
won't let you know that cooking times
vary so it can take more or less time
it's been about two hours now and as you
can see our oxtails are starting to get
a bit tender add your potatoes
it's there all your ingredients together
add your carrots and that's about one
cup that we added in there and add one
cup of your frozen green peas stir all
your ingredients together
cover with lid let come to a simmer
first then let simmer for 40 minutes now
they won't let you know that cooking
times vary so it's gonna take more or
less time okay it's been about 40
minutes now and after 2 hours and 40
minutes of cooking our exhale suit is
now done now I do want to let you know
at this time you wanna check your
oxtails to see if they are nice and
tender and nearly falling off the bone
you also want to check your potatoes to
see if they're tender as well if your
oxtails are not tender you have to let
it cook longer okay and the same thing
goes with your potatoes okay you want to
make sure that both items are cooked
until they are done okay quick tips your
stew will thicken as it cools also if
you have any oil build-up you can take a
spoon and just skim that off the top for
best results you can let this cool
completely place it in your fridge
overnight
and the flavors will increase and here's
the final presentation and there we have
it
oxtail stew nice time to go ahead and
take a bite oh yes
[Music]
man that exhale is nice and tender then
you have the flavorings from the beef
stock the red line with all the
vegetables and seasonings that we add
man even the vegetables taste
well-seasoned I mean it is absolutely
delicious
Wow talk about you and you know what the
best part about this recipe is is that
once I cooked it once it I let it cool
and I put in a refrigerator overnight
all those flavors sell and increased
overnight oh man it's delicious I tell
y'all try the recipe and there you have
it ladies I'm Jenna
exhale stewed made by a New Orleans
native thanks for watching if you like
my channel you can subscribe to it you
can also check out this recipe along
with all my other recipes as well as
contact me or if you want to donate to
the channel visit WWE COO canoes calm I
am also on Facebook at wwe.com slash
Charlie the cook and rumors you can like
follow a contact me on there as well so
until next time take care and I hope you
all have a blessed day bye bye
[Music]