[Music]
hey YouTube family so in this video I am
going to wash my hair so first
disclaimer is I am not a loctician I am
not a beauty Guru I am not anywh a lck
professional at all all I do on this
channel is share my journey with you
guys share my experience expences I am
not a professional so what I say here is
not professional advice is just my
experience and I'm sharing with you guys
with that said I wanted to tell you guys
that today for the first time in having
my locks for over six years I will be
washing my hair with the Dawn
dishwashing liquid and that's this one
right here it is recommended to use this
color the blue one because it's more
stronger more Ultra it gets rid of
grease and dirt and grime more the
reason why I'm doing this um is
because I haven't really given my locks
a really deep deep clean cleansing clean
in a very very very long time I've never
ever washed my hair with Dawn
dishwashing liquid or any dishwashing
liquid matter of fact the most I've done
is a few years ago maybe 3 years ago I
did do a apple cider vinegar rinse and
it gave me good results but I don't
really don't care much for it because
it's a lot of water you got to mix the
app side of vinegar salt B baking soda
all of that you got to put it in it's
just too much work for me so I don't
care to do it I don't have a lot of
buildup but that doesn't mean I don't
have buildup at all because I interlap
my hair mostly I don't use that much
products because I don't really retwist
I don't have a lot of product in my hair
but I do retwist occasionally and I
found that last year 2015 I retwisted
maybe about three to four times for the
entire year and this year 20 16 I
probably retwisted once for the year
already only my roots and I only do that
when I'm going to and I need to go
somewhere and I didn't have time to
interlap my hair so with that said I
know there's some kind of buildup in
there and plus I really want to give my
hair a really good deep clean because I
live here in New York City and there's
so much dirt and grime and just so much
in the air on a regular basis that gets
in my locks I know it traps and holds on
to things so I feel I want to give my
hair a really really really good clean
to just start fresh and also more
importantly in a few days it will be my
birthday my birthday is July 17th so why
not start off another wonderful
fantastic year with really clean clean
deep clean squeaky clean locks so that's
what I'm going to be doing today but
like I say as I preface this video
before the Dawn dishwashing liquid does
not have the best ingredients for your
locks it will from my um research dry
your hair out it it's not something that
you use every day every week every month
I'm just doing this once after having my
locks for six years and if I do decide
to do it again it will probably be in a
few years from now or maybe next year
but it will not be something I will do
on a regular basis because I understand
that this will dry my hair out and we'll
get it Tweaky clean with that said
without further Ado I'm going to wash my
hair I part of really don't want to wash
my curls out because I've had my curls
in for almost 3 4 weeks now I'm so in
love with
them really don't want to wash them out
but hey that's new of the game I do have
to wash my hair so I'll let you guys
know the results after I am done and if
any of you guys ever washed your hair
with Dawn dishwashing liquid before let
me know in the comment section just
because I want to know who else is crazy
like me to do something like this but
once in a while I will break the rules
of all my health and green beauty
products just to get a really deep clean
if it means help in my locks but just
once in a while right ain't no harm with
that part in my face if you see um a
mask is because when I usually wash my
hair I always do a face mask at the same
time just to give my face a good clean
while washing my hair so I'll be doing a
face mask at the same time so if my face
looks kind of weird or
crazy just ignore it just ignore it
because I clean my face clean my hair
clean my face too I just told me to do
every Sunday hair and face get washed
together so just ignore it and just
enjoy the rest of the video all
[Music]
right as you can see I am back hair is
totally different it is all washed
mostly I would say 90% Dry still a
slight bit damp and I put it in these
two strand twists some chunky two strand
twists well for me it's not two strands
it's more like a lot of strands cuz my
hair my locks is so small but this is
the look right now but it's not about
the look it's about my thoughts on the
Dawn dishwashing liquid that I used to
wash my hair I did not see as
much dirt and ground leave my hair as I
thought I was going to see which is a
good thing I thought the tub was going
to be really really dark and dirty and
just grimy and black and just Brown and
nasty it was some brown when the water
was washed out of my hair but it wasn't
as bad as I thought so that's good my
hair does feel really really clean it
feels that squeaky clean
feeling after I finished it really felt
like my hair went through the valley of
the shadow of death because CU it was
dry it was really dry but I did not fear
any evil because I knew how to fix it
after I washed with the dishwashing
liquid I followed up with my Alafia
everyday sha shampoo this is the
moisturizing shampoo and I did do a
review on this shampoo you guys can feel
free to watch it if you would like the
link for that video will be in the
description bar but I followed up with
this and this did a great job of adding
the moisture back in my hair so this
really helped because after the
dishwashing because my hair was really
really dry and it felt like that squeaky
sparkling clean feeling which is what I
really wanted but it needed to have a
lot of moisture back in my hair so I
followed up with that and then after
that I let my hair air dry for a little
bit when I was two strand twisting my
hair I used this
extraordinaire it is called
extraordinary hair if you love it it
will grow and I received this in my swag
bag when I went to lock appreciation day
I used this all over my scalp as I was
too strand twisted my hair and then even
when I was finished I put a little bit
more all over my scalp and then I put on
my dryer and did kind of like a dry in
my hair but at the same time hot oil
treatment with this oil so that's how I
followed up with that and now my hair
feels wonderful it really does feel
clean from the Dawn dishwashing liquid
not that it was crazy dirty before
because I thought that my hair was just
disgusting but it was it was not as bad
as I thought it feels really good I'm
very happy with the results very pleased
would I use the Dawn dishwashing liquid
again possibly definitely not anytime
this year maybe next year I'm not sure
but you never know if I need to I would
but like I said before you guys this is
not something I would recommend you do
on a regular basis or every month or
every two months this is only maybe once
a year once every few years you feel
like you really need to deep clean your
locks because no matter how clean you
think your hair is it's locks people
things get trapped inside of it debris
no matter if you don't use any product
things just from the air itself might
get trapped inside your locks so it is a
good idea to give it a deep clean hair
in there whether it's with the
dishwashing liquid or apple cider
vinegar you're preference but I do
recommend you to give your hair deep
clean ever so often app aad of vinegar
like I said is just too much work for me
so I just took the easy route and did
the Dawn dishwashing liquid not the best
ingredients but like I said this is once
a year or every two years or in my case
it took me six years to try this so try
it at your own risk if you're interested
these are my thoughts my experiences
because it's my journey do it at your
own risk I enjoy the results I think
it's a fantastic idea to do ever so
often any questions or comments leave
them in the comment section as usual
don't forget to follow me on on all my
other social media sites everything is
at high journey and thank you guys so
much for watching another video from me
I really
appreciate it hope you guys have a
wonderful day and make sure you guys are
enjoying your journey bye