hi it's Liz Cassidy here from Nana's
kitchenware
make sure when you're baking a cake or
doing any other cooking using your
measuring cups and spoons that you
choose the size of cup or the size of
spoon that's most appropriate to the
recipe
so where our recipe calls for two cups
of flour make sure that you are using
the full one cup size
actual measuring cup
make sure too that the measuring cups
and spoons you use are strong enough and
sturdy enough to withstand the most
rigorous of abuse
sometimes you may have to dig out dry
ingredients such as sugar baking powder
icing sugar and the spoon will get
subject to quite a bit of pressure on
the handle
when you're using the spoon you can
either pour the liquid or solid into it
or use the spoon and put it into the
container and measure out
a level spoon or a level cup of whatever
ingredient it is that you need according
to the recipe
equally when you're measuring a liquid
simply pour the liquid into the
appropriately sized spoon in this case
vanilla Essence into the one teaspoon
sized spoon and this makes sure that the
sizes are clearly visible on the handle
of the measuring spoon that you are
using