hi again folks welcome back to five year
effort today I'll be making gravlax or
cured salmon this delicious Scandinavian
delicacy is wonderfully easy to make and
perfect for parties at Christmas New
Year or midsummer to make this dish
you're going to need the following
ingredients 1 large salmon fill it with
skin deboned descale and trimmed equal
parts salt and caster sugar for a large
piece like the one I'm using you'll need
about two deciliters that which is
around one cup of each 2 tablespoons of
juniper berries and these are optional
and one large handful of fresh dill and
here are the ingredients on-screen once
again filo
[Music]
start off by crushing the juniper
berries if using in a pestle and mortar
[Music]
mix the salt sugar and crushed juniper
berries together in a bowl
[Music]
place the salmon out onto a large board
and rub the sugar and salt mix well into
the flesh
[Music]
finely chop the dill and pack the d√°il
onto the top of the salt rub
[Music]
cut the salmon and off and fold it back
onto itself so the flesh slides are
facing inwards
[Music]
place the salmon onto plastic wrap and
cover one place into a bag and store in
the refrigerator on a tray for three
days
turning over each day after three days
remove the salmon rinse away the rub
until pat dry finally slice and serve
thanks ever so much for watching I hope
you enjoy making your very own Corral
relax I'll be back soon with something
new so do check back again soon for more
recipes from five year effort
[Music]
you
[Music]