[Music]
hi everybody its Elise power from simply
recipes today we're going to make a
one-pot chicken orzo dish which is
perfect for a weeknight meal we're
working with chicken thighs and the
first thing you're going to want to do
is trim the excess skin and fat from
your chicken thighs now you can use
chicken breast bone-in skin-on if you
want or even chicken drumsticks but in
any of the case you're going to want to
trim off as much of the excess fat as
you can then sprinkle both sides with a
little bit of salt do this first before
you do anything else
with this recipe it'll help dry out
moisture and increase the flavor to the
chicken pat dry the chicken pieces on
both sides and pick up as much moisture
as you can with a paper towel this way
the chicken one splatter so much when it
goes in the pan heat two teaspoons of
olive oil and a teaspoon of butter in a
large skillet large enough to fit all of
the chicken pieces and when the cutter
is filming lay the chicken pieces in the
pan skin side down
[Music]
let the chicken pieces cook for about
five minutes without turning giving them
a chance to brown on that side before
turning them over once you turn over the
pieces let them cook for another four
minutes on the other side
[Music]
once the chicken pieces have browned on
both sides remove them from the pan and
set aside but don't remove the exact
that is in the pan
see all these brown bits at the bottom
of the pan have filled the flavor we're
going to use the fastest remaining in
the pan to now Brown the orzo add 2 cups
of Gordo's to hot pan we're cooking orzo
like one would cook a traditional rice
pilaf and still using rice we are
rounding the orzo stills that have
confused the orzo with all this
wonderful nutty flavor once the order
starts to brown during one and a half
cups chopped onion reduce the heat to
medium and let cook stirring often 2 to
3 minutes until the onions begin to
soften then add the minced garlic and
cook 1/2 a minute more
[Music]
in a large measuring cup there together
two and a quarter cups of chicken stock
3/4 cups of canned crushed tomatoes some
black pepper about half a teaspoon and
about a teaspoon of salt
[Music]
next place the browned chicken thighs
skin side up on top of the orzo pour the
tomato stock mixture over the orzo
increase the heat to medium-high and let
the stock in the pan come to a full boil
lower the heat to the lowest heat you
need to maintain a bare simmer cover and
let cook until the orzo has completely
absorbed the liquid and the chicken is
cooked through about 10 to 12 minutes
remove from heat and let sit for five
minutes before serving add more salt and
pepper if you need and sprinkle with
fresh parsley to serve
[Music]