hi guys I've teamed up with kery gold to
bring you a brilliant back to basic
series filled with what I consider to be
those essential home cooking recipes
from some buttery Sweet Treats to Epic
bakes and some serious comfort food I've
got you covered let's get
cooking Ruff puff pastry is an
absolutely brilliant recipe to have as
part of your collection it has the rich
crumbly flakiness you get from puff
pastry but also that butteriness that
you get from short crust pastry I'm
going to use it for a Savory dish a
chicken pop pie but you can also make it
for desserts and really lovely Sweet
Treats so to start off I have some plain
flour in a bowl and to that I'm going to
add some really cold Cary gold butter
I'm using a pastry blender to mix this
up if you don't have one of these you
can use two knives and just go at it
until you have those nice crumbly bits
of butter so get in there and just press
that butter into the
flour and now we're going to talk about
the wet ingredients so to a bowl I'm
going to crack one egg in here so one
large pre- range egg give that a good
beating just to make sure that it's
nicely
combined and to that I'm going to add a
tablespoon of balsamic vinegar it adds
that savory flavor here give it a good
seasoning with some black
pepper a pinch of sea salt give it all a
good mix up and then a tiny tablespoon
of ice cold water now the trick is to
only add a tiny bit of this to start
with just pour it straight into the
center and then using two forks we're
not getting our hands in there at all
we're going to toss this in that
liquid you're looking for it to start
clumping together and at this point it's
looking pretty good so just press it
together with your hands very very
lightly and then turn it out onto the
surface press it together and you really
don't want to work this too much just
until that dough comes
together wrap it up in cling fill them
and get it into the fridge I do have one
which has completely rested and it's
firmed up it's now going to be ready to
be rolled out on top of this chicken pot
pie and for this chicken pot pie we need
that creamy delicious chicken filling so
in a pot I've softened down some onions
going to season it up with a tiny pinch
of sea salt black pepper with this onion
mixture essentially we're going to make
a white sauce so to the onions add in
some Cary gold butter we're going to
melt that down and we're going to make
up this beautiful thick white
sauce on top of your bubbling butter get
in there with some
flour and now to loosen this out I'm
going to add a tiny Touch of chicken
stock slowly but surely until we have a
nice thick
sauce a generous amount of cream goes in
here we're going to flavor it up with a
nice peppery hit from some English
mustard about a teaspoon a generous
teaspoon is going to go in there really
nicely I've got bubbling thick white
sauce now so I'm going to turn down the
heat and to this I'm going to add some
steamed broccoli just steamed until it's
nice and tender and then I have some
left over cooked chicken and this all
goes straight in there as well so give
it all a good mix through so it's nicely
combined get this straight into a pie
dish now I have just one of these but
any baking dish will do so just transfer
all that mixture straight out into it
this is going to be a serious chicken
pop pie I have the pastry that has
rested it's still quite hold unwrap that
from the cling film sprinkle it now with
a tiny Touch of flour and you just want
a nice even dusting over both sides and
then just press this out we're going for
about half a cmet to a cmet in thickness
here so just brush the edges of your pie
dish and this will make sure that your
pastry sticks to the
tin okay looking pretty good so
carefully lift that pastry straight
across and you want to start pressing
this down just ever so slightly into the
edge edges just so that it sits flush to
the filling and now using a knife we're
just going to cut off the
edges you don't have to be too perfect
about this I quite like the fact that it
kind of looks a bit rustic and homemade
to decorate this just press with your
two fingers and your thumb so that you
get a nice fluted
Edge that looks so good so to finish it
off just Pierce a hole in the top and
this will make sure that if any of that
liquid starts to expand it has a place
to go so just a few little pokes around
the side
this now needs to get a little bit of an
egg wash it's going to cook off for 25
minutes you're looking for that top to
go crisp and golden and absolutely
delicious this is a chicken pop pie the
smell is so good I'm getting that waft
of buttery pastry so I'm going to have
to try some so grab a spoon I feel like
I shouldn't break into it because it
looks so beautiful but I'm going to so
crack in just around this sides take out
a nice generous Spoonful that is what
I'm talking about steaming crumbly
creamy all those
[Music]
things you know what that is my ultimate
comfort food dish crumbly pastry flaky
and buttery that rich white sauce
wrapped around that steamed broccoli and
that really tasty chicken this is an
ultimate comfort food dish one you have
to try at home if you want the recipe
you can check it out in the box below
make sure to like this recipe share it
with your friends comment beneath
letting me know if you're going to try
this and of course I will see you soon
[Music]
[Music]
goodbye
[Music]
you just finally slice your onions and
Holy
Mary