[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
the colorful po Setia is a perennial
favorite of home Christmas
decorations we've got some hints and
tips to ensure that your plants bring
you happiness for
[Music]
[Applause]
longer look carefully when choosing your
poin Satia all your time and effort will
be in vain if you buy a plant in poor
condition check to see if it's been
watered the soil should be neither too
wet nor too
dry take a good look at the small
yellowy green flowers in the middle of
the plant they should still be in Bud
[Music]
form the point set is should be
displayed in a warm place away from
drafts plants that have been placed in
an entrance or outside are already at a
disadvantage and their leaves are more
likely to suffer because of
this below the colorful star of Top
leaves the plant should have another
layer of fresh green leaves a healthy
plant will have thick green leaves with
no damaged
spots make sure that the poins ceter is
well wrapped in the store and do not
leave it exposed to cold temperatures
for too long when you get your
poinsettia home unpack it as soon as
possible it will look particularly
lovely in a decorative plant pot but
really the ideas and possibilities are
endless
[Music]
[Applause]
position your poins Satia in a warm spot
that is neither too dark nor in direct
sunlight poinsettias don't tolerate cold
or drafts well this is usually the cause
for any loss of
leaves poinsettias also dislike dry
heated air if your plant is kept near a
radiator it will need more frequent
watering point cus prefer a room
temperature of between 15 and
22Â° remember too that flowers and plants
placed near fruit and vegetables tend to
wilt more
[Music]
[Applause]
quickly poin settia like a little water
every other day during
flowering
watch out these plants do not like
standing water water them in moderation
and tip any excess water out of the
sorcerer or plant pot straight
away during flowering the Poinsettia
does not need any fertilizer after that
a conventional liquid fertilizer can be
added to the watering can once a month
when
necessary if you follow these tips you
should be able to enjoy your poinsettia
for
longer
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]