good day guys it's Greg's kitchen time
once again and today I'm going to show
you how to make a delicious chicken cord
on blur now it probably sounds a little
difficult and oh you're probably
thinking oh man that sounds hard man how
am I going to make it well I got to tell
you they are super easy to make and they
taste fantastic ham cheese and chicken
how can you go wrong with that
combination anyway guys let's go inside
to the kitchen and let's get started on
making a chicken
cam let's go this is Greg's
kitchen okay so for this recipe all
you're going to need is some chicken
chicken breasts are best but I bought
some chicken thighs just for something
different you're also going to need some
ham I just bought some shaved ham
because I love this stuff some cheese I
think this is gburg or something funny
like that but but swiss cheese is
probably good but they didn't have any
so I thought I'd just use this one some
bread crumbs yumo and an egg which I'm
just going to crack and then we're just
going to mix it up you can use a fork if
you
like now chicken coton blows are really
easy to prepare they hardly take any
time at all so what I'm going to first
do is turn on the oven cuz I need that
warmed up set the heat for
180Â°
C now I'm just going to put some plastic
down on the bench here just to make it
easier so things don't stick too much
now I'm just going to get the
chicken and well I should probably fold
this over like that and just start
pounding it like that that's what I like
to do just pound it pretend
it's either your girlfriend or someone
you hate so now that I've given it a
good hard
pounding just until it's fairly thin
that's only about o half a CM thick
right now there all I'm going to do now
is put the cheese on top like that then
I'm just going to put some ham on top
and now all we need to do is just roll
this up so try and roll it as tightly as
you
can and we'll get that
looking like that and now I've got these
skewers some toothpicks would have been
better but we don't have any here so I'm
just going to stick the skewer through
like that and sort of try and bend that
around and feed it through the other
side without stabbing
myself and what I'm going to do is just
coat this in the
egg now I'll get my bread crumbs and
what we need to do is just put the
breadcrumbs all over this chicken
okay so I've just got a baking tray here
which I'm just going to put some baking
paper
on and I'm just going to transfer these
onto this tray and now all I have to do
is place these into the oven for 30 to
35 minutes I'm going 35 minutes cuz I
like my chicken cooked properly hey good
luck oh have a look at this it's a cocka
too
now I know it's not the first time a lot
of you have seen a
to okay well that's the timer gone and
here they are so now all you have to do
is take out the skewers oh boy that is
still really hot so be very careful okay
well how about we just cut one open just
to see how it looks
inside we'll just take a look at that
the chicken is cooked perfectly it's
juicy inside the cheese is melted oh boy
what more could you
want yum oh well I'm really looking
forward to trying the chicken C on blur
let's give this a
crack just
Sensational well guys I really do hope
you enjoy that chicken cord on blur it
really is that easy to make and it
really does taste fantastic it's just a
beautiful simple easy dish to make
you'll impress everyone with it it's
better than buying it from the shops by
far and what else it's just a great
simple easy recipe I know you guys are
going to love it anyway guys thanks
again for subscribing thanks for
watching Remember to thumb this video up
for me and leave a comment because I
love reading them and I'll see you next
time right here on Greg's
[Music]
kitchen