I'm stand de frus Mr Green Thumb we're
at Willow Tree Nursery in St Petersburg
Florida a lot of folks like the idea of
growing cherry tomatoes now this happens
to be a small little plant but you can
grow either the sweet 100s which this
happens to be or there are a number of
other little Cherry varieties and they
are all about the same remember of
course the tomatoes need 6 hours of
bright Sun a day without 6 hours a sun a
day you're going to have a problem
typically I have people who call me
sometimes and they'll say ah we're
growing on the North of our house we're
not getting any production Well it can't
give you production because it's not
getting what it needs make sure you've
got an East or West location remember
you can protect it from the cold so if
you've got this in a container the
beauty of the little cherry tomatoes you
can have them in a small container and
you can bring them in because if you get
down below
32Â° you'll normally be singing via
candas to your tomato plant in other
words it'll be gone remember freezing
and tomatoes don't do well now they'll
take all kinds of heat little cherry
tomatoes will grow and produce when it's
a little bit cooler than some of the
larger fruited will they'll produce
fruit and when it gets too hot some of
the large fru and tomatoes won't keep
producing but the little cherries
continue to produce June July August all
through the Heat and they still do great
so they'll give you a little bit more
versatility and they'll also give you
I've had up to a thousand Tomatoes off
of one plant so you can have a great
production off a small plant now they're
not very big they're small but they're
great for salads they're great for
snacking they're probably a whole lot
better than eating those you know chips
and pretzels and things eat something
organic eat something fresh grow it in
your own little backyard in a container
grow it in a in the vegetable garden I'm
Stander frus for askm green thumb.com