today we're going to do a how-to video
on how to use sb's Precision cleaning
and oiling kit for their old filter
their old filter series now this is part
number 88-
00008 this is their Precision cleaning
kit now why this is important uh or I'm
sorry why this is a Precision kit is you
will get per your filter number you're
going to get a prec Precision amount of
oil used to oil the filter when we go
back with it but let's do a simple
unboxing here as to what you get with
your
kit uh first off you get your
instructions uh this is how to use the
cleaning kit uh this sounds very simple
but this is a very precise cleaning
kit you also get your cleaning
solution and the spray nozzle for the
cleaning
solution you get your filter
oil
and then you get also get your
applicator bottle now your applicator
bottle has uh tick marks on the side of
it which is incremental each one of
these increments on the bottle is 2.5 g
of oil now that is important because
every filter gets its own amount of oil
so today what we're going to be doing is
we're going to be working on the uh air
filter for a 6.4 L forward uh part
number
75-50 54 now that filter in particular
particular is going to take 90 G of oil
on the filter side of it and 17 G of oil
on the power stack side of it now we'll
show you that once we get the filter out
of the truck and get started so this is
what you have in your box again cleaning
solution the spray nozzle for the
cleaning solution your filter oil and
your application bottle and your
instructions again look up your filter
number on the internet go to s&b's
website which is SNB filters.com go
directly to their website and once you
pick your part number that that you have
for your truck uh and you scroll down
into applications there at the bottom of
the bottom of the of the page for your
truck it'll tell you how much oil that
you that you're going to use so let's
get the filter out of the truck and
we'll get started this is our filter out
of our uh 6.4 Power Stroke uh this
filter is in very very bad shape we're
actually going to replace this filter
and put a new filter on the truck but
this is a good this filter is a perfect
example of what this cleaning kit
actually can do so we're still going to
use it as our example but we're
definitely going to replace this filter
this filter has gone so long since it's
been changed uh this is a is a drive-in
Service uh truck that we had that came
in here this filter went so long without
changing it actually started pulling
into itself after it clogged up with
dirt now the amount of dirt that we got
out of this has been ridiculous but
we're going to start from the top and
show you uh exactly how when you bring
it off when you take this filter off the
truck the proper way to go back cleaning
it first thing that you want to do is
take take the filter and you just want
to knock it against a hard surface and
get the loose dirt out of it okay and
you want to do that you know pretty
gently the big stuff in here bugs and
whatnot just take your fingers rub
through it pull everything out you don't
want to use compressed air here you
don't want to use any type of tools cuz
this will avoid the warranty of the
filter now the filter's got a lifetime
warranty on it so uh you know you don't
you definitely don't want to do
that um now our second step after we've
got most of the the loose dirt out of it
you can see how much came out of it just
that a little bit of knocking around
that we've done uh the second step is we
want to use our cleaning solution our SV
cleaning solution now you want you can
use as much of this as you want to
ideally your kit your entire Precision
kit is going to do about three or four
oiling for you uh so you want to you
know use the use the clean solution
liberally enough to get as you know the
filter as clean as you can obviously so
we're going to start with
that
I
okay now we want to let we want to let
this clean solution sit on the filter
for about 10 or 20 minutes and you can
already see just running your fingers up
it crap is coming off of it U we're
going to let this set for about 10 or 20
minutes and allow it to soak in start
pulling the dirt out and degreasing the
filter okay we've let our cleaning
solution uh apply or sit on our filter
for about 15 minutes here and you can
already see what it's done to clean this
filter are even as filthy as the dag gum
thing was so we've let this sit now what
we're going to do is we're going to use
water to rinse this off we're going to
use low pressure water uh this is just
like not using uh compressed air to
clean this filter you want to use low
pressure
water you want to use low pressure water
for this is not to damage the filter and
you can see the crap just coming out of
this
filter okay now we've got our uh low
pressure water going through here we're
just about got it clean what I've done
is I've just sprayed it off until I've
quit having dirty water run out of this
thing
basically
okay now what we're going to do is we're
just going to kind of shake some of the
excess water out of this
filter quite a
bit now this comes to the part where
it's important to let you know that this
is going to take 24 hours for this uh
filter to properly dry this would be a
really good time for for you to have a
disposable drrive filter to go back on
your to go back on your SMB kit uh we
offer them on the website every vehicle
application we offer you the replacement
oil filter and we also offer you the
replacement drrive filter this is a
perfect time to have a replacement
drrive filter to put on your SMB air
intake kit that way your truck's not
down while you're waiting on this filter
to dry cuz this filter is going to take
24 hours to clean or to dry I'm sorry so
again we're just going to shake the
excess water out of it
and you can see hey we're already
starting to get it clean but we're still
going to replace the filter on this
kit all right 24 hours she's going to
lay we're she's going to sit there
tomorrow we'll come back and we'll show
you how to properly oil
it okay we've got our filter dry now uh
and we're going to we're ready to oil
we've gone through it make sure that we
don't have any big debris left and we
got everything clean uh again this
filter is in bad shape um this filter
probably went about 50,000 Mi without
being clean uh it's in very bad shape we
are going to replace it but we've used
it for our example uh filter to do this
how-to video on so now we've come to our
oiling process uh what we did was we
went on the internet and we found that
our 7550 54 intake kit is going to
require 90 G of oil on the outside of
the filter and 17 G in the uh Power
stack on the end of the filter
our application bottle here uh is uh has
different increments on it each
increment is 2.5 g uh and it's got it
marked up so we need 90 G which is just
about right
here so we're going to fill our
application
bottle
see you on the inside of
it
there's 90 G in our application
bottle
okay now to apply our oil we just pull
the top off of it what we're going to do
is we're going to go around the filter
we're going to start just a little bit
underneath the top of the filter here
we're going to go around the filter and
make two or three passes we're going to
keep doing that throughout the filter
section and we're going to let this
thing bleed down through the filter uh
it takes about 20 or 30
minutes
at 90 G uh we're a little bit less than
halfway done with our filter so I've
checked my oil level and that's about
right I've used about a quarter of the
bottle
we're just going to go back and apply
some more to the spots again this is
going to bleed through the filter
elements so you don't have to just
absolutely soak this thing in oil you're
going to get some bleed down in it's
going to sit for about 20 or 30 minutes
uh after we go back and hit most of the
spots where it looks like we need we're
going to need some oil hit them with a
light coat of
oil okay so I've still got I'm about
halfway done um I've got just a little
bit more than half of the filter here
according to the instructions from SNB
what they want you to do is they want
you to go back on each pleat
and apply a little bit more amount on
each pleat at the top of the pleat now
this is going to be our the most of our
bleed
down application of our
oil again don't soak it don't let it
pull up on the
pleat in the in the valleys there in the
low spot Bo of the pleat we're just
going to put a little bit on each
pleat and then we're going to turn it up
on its
in we're going to let that soak
through you don't want to over oil this
this could cause damage to your mass
airflow sensor if you over oil it so
make sure that you watch your amount of
oil that you're using it says to use 90
G on it use 90 G for proper oiling if
you run out of oil you use too much in
one section of the filter let the filter
sit up and Let It Bleed back
down okay that's pulled me down over
halfway I'm going to let this sit for
about 20 minutes going to let it B we're
going to let it bleed down and then come
back and get the spots uh pick back up
the spots we need to to
reil okay we've got our first
application of of our oil done and you
can see by the filter uh that we've bled
down quite a bit here and we've got some
sections that aren't covered so we're
going to go back and use the rest for
our 90 G oil to cover these sections and
try to cover the the filter as as evenly
as we
can
we've got just about everything on the
filter covered now now we're just going
to go back and I've got maybe 5 G of oil
left I'm just going to go back and try
to give as even a coverage over
everything as I can I'm going to tip the
filter up again I'm going to let it
bleed down again and then we're going to
go back and we're going to do our power
stack
okay we're going to let our our filter
sit for another 20 minutes Let It Bleed
down and coat the the entire filter then
we're going to do our power
stack
okay we've got our filter completely
oiled now we've got the outside of our
filter uh completely uh covered in oil
uh our full 90 G on
here okay all of our pleat are are are
covered everything you can see has
covered has bled down and and and
covered the filter completely now the
last step of our process is going to be
our power stack now not all filters have
this the power stack is the inside or
just depending on how you look at it the
inside of the cone here uh we need to
oil this this has been cleaned as well
but we're going to oil this now your
power stack has got a different amount
of oil for it if you have a power stack
filter it will tell you on or on s&b's
website the amount of oil for it so this
one's 17 G so we're marked to uh we're
going to fill it up to we're marked at
10 and 20 so we're going to fill it to
17
2.5 each
Mark
okay so that's 17
G now we're going to oil our power stack
and we're going to start at the top here
and Let It Bleed
down again just like the what we did
with the filter we're just going to try
to cover as much as we can then let it
bleed down now when we let this fil when
we let it this rest we're going to let
this rest on this end of it and you
notice when we when we oiled the outside
of our filter we were going around the
uh we were right underneath of the the
polyurethane end but now when we turn it
upside down to rest we'll cover the that
will cover the other end of the
filter we're going to use all 17 G on
this power stack trying to keep it as
uniform through here as we
can
okay I'm going to leave just a little
bit
here and what I'm going to do is I'm
going to turn this upside down and I'm
going to let that soak through our power
stack completely and to finish up the
process we'll come back we'll check to
make sure all that the power stack uh
the ribs of this are completely covered
in oil and that's it that completes our
process of how to use a Precision
cleaning kit on an SMB filter this
filter is clean and oil and ready to go
if it was in better shape we'd be
putting it back on the truck but since
this customer uh very negligent and
taking his filter off and cleaning it
we're not going to put this back on the
truck we're going to chunk this one
so that's your how-to video on how to
use a the SMB Precision uh oiling
kit