this is example one from the book how to
build in frame stairs with brackets
don't forget to visit the website to
check out our other stair building
books here's a simple three-step
stairway we have two 4x12 stringers
looks like we have some 3x12 Treads the
angle
brackets and a landing Landing is
sitting on top of two walls you can
build this you can build The Landings a
variety of different ways it's trying to
give you an idea here of how the
stairway or this type of Stairway can be
assembled notice that the top of the
floor sheathing lines up with the top of
the Stringer that is common it's a
common mistake also and again the book
will provide you with step-by-step
directions on how to cut the components
and assemble this type of stairway
let's take a look at the stairway
without the sheathing and you can see
there how the sheathing is notched to go
around the stringers and of course we
have
a kicker board here to uh provide us
help give us um a
nosing sometimes this can be built a
variety of different ways also again
Joyce sitting on top of the wall you
couldn't see that in the last
section there they are the stair St
stringers are sticking up remember a lot
of time and you can cut the stair
stringers um to go down you don't need
to this isn't something you need to do
again there's going to be more
information in the book about this um
you can uh do this a variety different
ways you can finish this this uh off
here you can have it go higher you could
have this go straight up this could go
lower it's not really a big concern as
long as the hand railing this going to
work I like to just have everything look
nice and it looks nice when the
stringers are actually tops of the
stringers are flush with the landing now
this right here is a nosing strip I
can't tell you how many times I come to
a Stairway like this and the floor
sheeting is even with the floor joist
and there is no nosing if you're looking
for a nosing simply add it to the front
of the landing and then have the
sheathing come over it and uh and it
looks nice everything and of course
you're going to have a nice comfortable
stairway also anyway this is it for
example one I believe there are at least
three or four examples for this book and
I'll try to make a video for each one of
them if you don't have the book um get
it it is a lifesaver especially if you
are going to build a Stairway like
this