[Music]
I'm out here in my garden where it's
about 13 degrees Fahrenheit which is
about 10 below zero Celsius which is
just cold unless maybe you're Canadian
or from up north
Peter MacKinnon Justin Bieber if you're
watching this let me know if that's like
Schwartz weather for you but for me
that's cold
needless to say nothing is alive of my
garden except for some garlic that I
have growing over there which is doing
okay my tomato plants as you can see
behind me are just frozen withered vines
but if you'll recall before they froze
to death we took a cutting and planted
them in a Thai japan-us container in my
basement so we're gonna go inside and
take a look at the progress and see how
it's doing and also take a look at some
of the problems that I'm having I've got
some yellow spots developing on the
leaves which I believe is due to
nutrient deficiency but which one is the
question so we'll talk about why that
happens and maybe some of the solutions
so let's go inside and take a look is
much better much more comfortable all
right let's talk about these tomato
plants now I have two plants back here
one that I put in a deep water culture
and one that I put in my evident Ainur
along with my lettuce and my single
radish that I'm growing just to see if I
can the one in the deep water culture is
doing much much better than the one that
in the evidence law system I've got lots
of tomatoes on it I've got lots of
blossoms on it it's got lots of leaves
whereas the one in the oven a flow
system is kind of sparse doesn't have as
many blossoms and doesn't have as many
Tomatoes so let's go back and take a
look on the Left we have the tomato
plant in the ebb and flow container
you'll notice that it is doing well it's
got some yellow leaves we'll talk about
those in a minute but overall I think is
doing very well it's got some Tomatoes
there's an elephant back there for scale
so you eat a big those tomatoes are I've
got some blossoms back here give those a
shake if you grow tomatoes inside you've
got to shake them in order to pollinate
them unless you've got some sort of wind
blowing over them I've also got some
lettuce or in the same container this
one's doing okay let's go take a look at
the plant
in the deep water culture now here is
the tomato plan the single tomato plant
growing in a deep water culture you'll
notice that this thing is massive it is
taking over the entire grow space I've
got lots of fruit on it I've got
ripening Tomatoes I've got ripe tomatoes
and I need to pick down there I've got
more blossoms more Tomatoes coming on
this one is doing awesome so what is the
difference between the one in the deep
water culture and the one in the ebb and
flow container well I don't think it's
the method that I'm using I think it's
the primarily the nutrient mix that I've
been using because this one's rowing
lettuce at the st. in the same
containers and growing tomato I've been
using a lower concentration of nutrients
lettuce needs fewer nutrients than a
tomato plant does if you give it too
many if you made the concentration too
hot so to speak you get tip burn you
kind of see bit a little bit that going
on here kind of try to walk the line
between giving the tomatoes what they
need and the lettuce not too much but
over here since it's the only thing in
the container I've given it what it
needs and is doing fantastic but you may
have noticed there's a couple problems
it's not all blushing Tomatoes blushing
Tomatoes and blossoms you'll see I've
got some yellowing leaves here the
leaves that were down near the base I've
pruned off they were yellow they kind of
fell off but they're starting to grow
back which is awesome but they they just
kind of turned yellow like this and fell
off now if you're outside that'll happen
naturally because the leaves down below
don't get as much light but inside I
didn't know why quite why that was
happening I think it has to do with lack
of nitrogen I'm using the general
hydroponics three-part solution flora
bloom flora grow and flora micro
Insignia focus on this you can see it at
all this is I've been using the blooming
and ripening blend which has the lowest
amount of nitrogen which is what the
floor group look the flora grow is
primarily nitrogen for bloom on the
other hand has more of these nutrients
as a zero five four it's got a lot of
magnesium in it it's got a lot of potash
phosphate things like that
when tomato plants don't have enough
nitrogen that leaves near the bottom
will turn yellow whereas the leaves out
near the perimeter and the outer rim
will stay nice and green and not have
any problems and they'll kind of fall
off and die so to counter that I'm gonna
give it a little bit more nitrogen
keep up the magnesium and others to like
that calcium the micronutrients just to
keep the tomatoes healthy and the
fruiting healthy and not to grow too
much foliage I'd rather have fruit than
foliage other than that I think that
will solve my problem it may have a
little bit of a problem too with maybe
some mildew or fungus these little spots
on here haven't quite figured that out
yet I'm gonna have to look into that a
little bit more but it doesn't seem to
be affecting the plant too much at this
point back to the tomato plant in the
inflow container notice these leaves
these leaves are different than the
other leaves in that they are yellow
here and green in the veins and this is
very typical of a magnesium deficiency
now the in the three part series that I
mentioned magnesium is most prominent in
the bloom mix I haven't been giving this
as much bloom because again lettuce I've
been giving it kind of a middle ground
and I think it just doesn't have or
didn't have maybe it's okay now cuz they
leave it out here again and the outer
rim are doing fine but maybe it didn't
have as much enough magnesium when I
first started growing so what I'm gonna
do to that what I'm gonna do to correct
that is I'm gonna eat this lettuce over
here and then I can give this the
nutrient treatment that it deserves so
there is the update on my tomato plant
that I grew from my cutting if you
didn't see how I started this go check
out my last video yeah I'll link it here
I've never done this before and it
seemed to be working fantastically I'm
gonna plant something else next that
I've never done before it so hope you
stay tuned for that I'll make a video
about it here in a little while so
thanks for watching and I'll see you the
next one bye
[Music]