[Music]
I'm Rebecca brand I'm going to show you
how to get grass stains out of fabrics
sometimes things just happen grass is
part of Mother Nature and can get in
your clothing or your pillowcases has a
case may be because you might have a
crazy kit in your household so I'm going
to show you my trick have getting
stubborn grass stains out of fabric any
fabric this spot is our test spot so I'm
pinning it and check out the rest of the
spots you need basic white distilled
vinegar for this recipe on getting out
grass stains so I'm pouring some into a
measuring cup you could use a spray
bottle but I want to pour it right on
that grass sting and drench it that is
what I'm treating it's a little wet
through here but not here our after
shots gonna be with that safety pin is
so we see what's been treated and what
hasn't and I'm using any liquid
detergent this is a generic brand and
now we're gonna pour that detergent
right on the grass stain come over here
do now those have been treated and the
rest of the detergent goes top loaded
into your washing machine and now time
to wash so throw it in and wash on your
cold cycle time for the rotation you're
gonna put it in your dryer on high not
to give it away but the other method
surely didn't work Kim she goes turn it
on
I'm going to high heat turning the dial
to heavy duty to prove to you you can do
hot heat for this on she goes comment
let me know what kind of stains or
issues in your life like grass stains
are in mine it's dry all right do you
see the pen I don't see those other
parts that didn't get clean at all
proves my point we got it clean as a
whistle all those other stains are still
here on both sides of that pillowcase we
should have pre treated that I'm gonna
have to check that out and where our pin
is is perfect Wow
so like this video with a thumbs up
comment and let me know what stains want
me to try to get out for you I'll figure
it out and show you I'm Rebecca brown
subscribe to my channel and let's keep
finding out great recipes in life like a
recipe for clean laundry especially if
you've been playing in the grass like I
have that was quite fun
[Music]
[Applause]