fall means football season and family
gatherings you'll be the head of the
party with these cookie butter muddy
buddies that spicy gingerbread like
cookie butter using into every square of
the cereal with a delicious topping for
added crunch will entice you to give it
a try but be warned
they're so irresistible they will
disappear by the handful so you might
want to consider making a double batch
so grab a cup of hot cocoa it's time to
make some magic in mrs. Kringle kitchen
make sure you hit the red subscribe
button and click the bell to be notified
when new videos go live in a large bowl
add your six cups of cereal squares and
set it aside in a food processor add a
package of bischoff cookies and pulse
them until they are cookie dust you want
them to be really fine add the crumbs to
a large sub-top bag and set them aside
grab your microwave candy melts and use
four ounces of vanilla melts and 3/4 cup
of cookie butter and a microwave-safe
dish microwave for one minute and then
in 15 second increments until the
vanilla candy is melted stir to combine
the ingredients add the half teaspoon of
vanilla and give it a good stir to
combine
[Music]
drizzle half of a cookie butter mixture
over the cereal and lightly toss to coat
making sure not to break the squares
then drizzle the other half and repeat
until thoroughly coated scoop the cereal
mixture into the bag of cookie crumbs
close it and toss to coat when it's
coated put it back in the large bowl
then take half a cup of powdered sugar
and a small strainer and sprinkle it in
fourths over the cereal then give it a
toss and repeat until the powdered sugar
is gone of course you'll need to give it
a quality control taste it's the right
thing to do
spread the cereal out onto a lined
cookie sheet and allow it to cool for 45
minutes good luck trying to keep your
hands off of it while you do broken
pieces are just begging to be eaten the
cookie butter settles deliciously into
every crevice and is sealed in by the
crumbs and sugar I need to stop drooling
it's embarrassing cookie butter muddy
buddies are deliciously addicting that
snappy crunch of cereal with the spicy
caramel coating as a dish that you'll be
asked to make again and again these make
the perfect gift so buy a flat of mason
jars and get ready to become very
popular come holiday time for the full
printable recipe head over to mrs.
crinkles kitchen calm don't forget to
Like comment and share the love with
your family and friends
[Music]