[Music]
Lavender is a deliciously fragrant herb
that deserves a spot in every home
Garden this easy to grow plant is prized
for its bright blooms and aromatic
foliage as an added bonus Lavender is
part of a special group of herbs that
are perennials meaning they come back
year after year with little to no
[Music]
care planting and growing Lavender is
easy whether in a garden bed or or in a
container Lavender is a perennial and
can be planted from Spring all the way
through until fall just avoiding the
hottest weeks during the summer as long
as you keep the roots well watered
you'll end up with a beautiful healthy
plant in no time and make sure that you
use your lavender the blooms look
beautiful in fresh cut flow bouquet and
smell wonderful they can also be dried
for pop Perri and fresh
sachet today I'm going to be planting
Lavender in a container beginning with a
pre-start plant make sure to use a soil
that's loose and well drained most bag
mixes are perfect for lavender never use
soil directly from the garden or the
landscape because it can be too heavy to
allow your roots to form properly and
can also contain weed seeds and other
bacteria to begin dig a hole that's
slightly larger than the root ball of
the plant gently remove the plant from
the container place your plant in the
planting hole level with the soil line
gently backfill the planting hole with
soil from around the container and press
lightly to firm the soil finally water
in your new planting to settle the soil
and start the rooting process you can
find an incredible selection of lavender
seeds and plants at our website
burpy.com happy
[Music]
gardening