what is up you guys I'm back here on
Borderlands 2 and I want to show you one
of my build videos again this one is
going to be a siren build and this isn't
my healing siren at all this is actually
my SMG
siren it's a sandhog build it's a
beehawk build if you will and I know a
lot of people were like and I know this
already I've seen this a million times
but I I just wanted to post this just
cuz I felt like it just in case anybody
doesn't know about it I just want to
help them out and just show them like
the full potential of this build and the
full potential of the sandhawks and
their SMG
damage and the tree the trees we're
going to go down is the cataclysm and
the motion skill tree and we're going to
go a little bit in the harmony skill
tree and uh we're going to start off in
the cataclysm of course you have to pick
phas loock uh first thing we got to do
is Max out the first tier
because flicker will give you more um
well you're more likely to cause
Elemental effects with guns and since
we're going to be using the different
elements of the sandhawks this will come
in pretty handy
foresight just because of the extra
magazine size and the reload speed is
not too shabby it's a good thing to have
especially when you're in combat and you
need that reload speed there you go four
sights got you
covered uh the ne this part of the build
to get to Reaper it's kind of weird
because I I guess you can pick whatever
you want because I I was forced to pick
something to get to Reaper because I
didn't I didn't like any of these
skills because they weren't like as
powerful as I thought it would be but if
you really want you can pick up chain
reaction and maybe another skill but I
just pick Helios and back draff because
Helios I'm always going to be phase
locking and there's always going to be
damage and there's always going to be
ruin and convert and all that good stuff
so that's why I pick Helios and I pick
back backdrop for the Nova
damage uh just to get the reaper then I
went with Cloud kill just for some extra
um corrosive damage just because it's
free damage I like skills that just say
oh hey here's some free damage just for
shooting an enemy and I'm like yeah man
I like that [ __ ] um so that's why I just
picked Cloud kill Reaper one of the best
skills that the siren has if you don't
have the class mod that I have that
boosts um boosts Reaper by like five or
if you have another one that has like
six or you don't have the cat that just
does plus five Reaper is pretty good 80%
gun damage if you got it all maxed out
and 40% if you just don't have anything
on it like a class mod this is pretty
good especially since I am killing pyro
the Invincible and I'm going to need
Reaper because he has his Shields all
the way up the whole entire
time um and I'll show you how I kill him
at the end of this V uh build video so
yeah that's what Reaper does and I skip
BL fenus because I hate kill skills as
you may have noticed from my other
build uh ruin I pick ruin because that's
like the best skill that the siren has
slag electrocutes and crows all nearby
enemies because I pick it we're going to
do that with converge and I'm sure you
guys all know about ruin and converge
together it's like boyfriend and
girlfriend just like slacks everybody in
that Center of mass all you have to do
is like Norfleet them or just just like
spread bullets into that Center of mass
just to kill them
all and that's it for the cataclysm tree
and we're going to do now the motion
tree and the first thing we're going to
put is put our points into his
accelerate for some extra gun damage and
more bullet speed and since I'm using
stop stoping sandhawks instead of flying
ones stopping ones are a lot slower with
their fire projectile
rate so I just um since since accelerate
was boosting bullet speed I was like hey
I got stopping sandhawks more bullet
speed uh pretty effective flying
sandhawks it's even more effective but I
rather the power of the stopping ones in
the bullet
speed uh Ward you can go with Ward or
you cannot go with w Ward it doesn't
matter I just put it just because of the
B shield for the extra recharge delay or
the extra the minus recharge the light
actually that's why I pick Ward but you
don't have to pick it if you don't want
to uh suspension just for extra duration
of phas loock Fleet picked that for the
break Nick Banshee Rough Rider combo if
you don't know what that is just slap on
a Rough Rider you equip that and you
slap on a Breck Nick Banshee with Fleet
could be six plus five whatever and you
run insanely
fast uh converge as I already said would
ruin it's just like like bread and
butter uh Quicken for more for a cool
down rate of phase lock pretty useful
too sub sequence act pretty dumb I don't
pick that at all it flies in the air it
bounces on
walls it just makes face lock like
redundant with this thought lock I hate
that too it's not going to work for
me um that's it for the the motion tree
and we're going to go to the harmony
tree just so we can get these two boost
it up because these two are also
critical in the build monai gives us
more critical hit damage and more melee
damage the melee damage I don't care
about it but the critical hit damage is
pretty nice then we're going to go into
W since it gives us a double fire rate
on whatever gun you're using and more
damage so that's pretty useful
especially with the sandhog 100% fire
rate
is that like 5 point 5.2 yeah that's 5.2
but it it's pretty good and um extra
damage that's even
better um this build is mostly solo but
sometimes I just go into multiplayer
find myself in there and then somebody's
dying and sometimes people just kick you
like hey man you can't you can't even ra
what kind of siren are you so I just
picked this just just in case somebody
went down I just res them up um after
that you'll probably have like three or
if you didn't put anything in Ward
you'll probably have eight and feel free
to spend them in whatever you want
because um that's pretty much all the
damage you can
do unless you want
recompense which um whatever you take
Health B damage is a chance that the
health damage you took will go to your
attacker just for some more damage but
that's pretty much basically build and
I'm going to put the over
all right now I'm going to show you the
weapon load out for this and as you
already know I told you this was a sand
hog build so we're going to be using
sand hwks I got the stopping ones
probably the most powerful sandhawks and
I got the fire the corrosive the regular
and the shied one I mean not the sh one
my bad the electric one all these and
then the north FL just to get me up be
Shield pretty pretty sure everybody
knows what that thing does more amp
damage means more SMG damage means more
sand Hulk happy time uh homing
Stormfront now my character does not
have any health regeneration skills at
all except for like sweet release since
I FAS lock anything and just kill it
I get that um life forb but if you're
you're going to use a Grog nozle with
this um just pull it out in your
inventory just equip it and then
whenever you throw a storm front switch
to the Grog nozzle and your health will
be
regenerated um heart of the Ancients
probably like just the most awesomest
Relic for this build more SMG damage
fight for your lifetime and second win
Health the SMG damage is what I'm really
looking for but the other things I don't
really care about but pretty
good uh pretty great e tech Relic for
this aggression with tenacity it's
combined to make the harder the
Ancients uh next thing legendary cat
class mod more SMG damage less SMG
accuracy oh well who cares if you get
all this SMG damage who cares about the
dang accuracy as long as you hit some
you kill it and all these gun damage
boosting
skills and um other weapon you can use a
floor too that's another SMG that you
can use with
this and oh I'm going to do the same
thing I did with my mechromancer I
trapped power repat up there just so I
can show you guys how effective this
build is and how much damage you can
just output with this
build and yeah Power PE keeps like
nailing me with them dang Nova Shields I
mean them dang Nova blasts but I'm going
to kill him I'll be sure of
it yeah you can use this I usually use
these for like farming just like if
anybody wants a weapon I can just go get
it for them because I got the brick Nick
banshee got the legend cat with the be
all that I call this like the ultimate
farming tool
build like it it's it's pretty awesome I
love this
thing and yeah hope you guys found this
um build helpful hope you found the
video helpful um like comment and
subscribe
subscribe thanks for watching and
hopefully I'll be pyro Pete hopefully
I'll get a legendary who knows just stay
tuned and I'll see you guys later in the
next
video
for
for
for
out
for
e
for