hey guys so in case you didn't know I
live in Charleston South Carolina and
living in the South bows are a quid
essential part to Southern style you see
them everywhere boys wear them you see
them in lots of wedding parties the men
wearing them girls wear them attached to
shoes and TI BTS they're just everywhere
so I thought well why can't Piper wear a
bow too so I have researched many
different ways on how to sew a bow how
best to attach a bow to a store-bought
collar I've gone into lots of different
shops and looked to see how they attach
them and how they are constructed and I
really think I figured out the best way
to make her bows and I wanted to share
them with you today okay so the key to
these bows is double-sided velro I had
looked at a lot of bows in stores some
use snaps which I found restricted the
size collar you could use so if you were
gifting it and didn't didn't know what
size collar the dog had then it really
limited it to either just a/ in or 1 in
size collar some were elastic so that
you could stretch it over the collar but
I found that really hard to remove
quickly but that is what's key to these
bows so a couple things with sizing I
played around with a lot of different
sizes I finally came up with what I
think is the best so you will have and
I'll list all of these below the
different sizes that I like you have a
centerpiece the first size is for the
small dog bow tie so this is what this
size comes out as I'd say 35 lb or less
would maybe be for a small dog bow tie
for Piper who's about 50 lbs I like the
medium size here so this is what I use
for her I liked the wider bow I think
it's a little more girly and feminine so
I like to make this wider size for Piper
and if I'm gifting for a boy dog then I
like it to be a little more narrow
little more traditional so I've got my
bow piece here and I've got a center
piece here you're definitely want to
interface the bow piece you could use
something like sf101 or even heavier
just depends on how crisp you like your
bows I like mine pretty crisp I like
them to hold their shape so what you're
going to do first is you're going to
fold the bow lengthwise you're going to
stitch down here at a/4 inch then you're
going to take your Center piece and
you're going to fold them wrong sides
together just like this doesn't have to
be perfect you can make if you like a
really wide Center piece then you can
make it wider if you like it very narrow
then just adjust and then you're going
to press that too okay so here is your
bow piece you've stitched down at a/4
inch flipped it right side out you're
going to want to put the seam to the
center and then you're going to give
that a really nice press here is the
centerpiece that you have also
pressed okay so flip the bow over so
you're looking at the right side of the
bow for Piper's bow she wears a 1-in
collar I find that a 3in piece is the
perfect length to wrap around her 1in
collar if you're gifting and you know
the dog is going to be 1 in or less you
could still gift it at the 3 in and then
once they get it they can just trim off
what they don't need if you if the
family has multiple dogs and you don't
know which dog's going to wear which bow
you can go up to the like a 5 in piece
and then they can trim it when they get
it just let them know they can trim it
to their needs so you're going to take
the velcro and it really doesn't matter
which side there's a soft side and a
shiny side I've tried both ways doesn't
really seem to make a difference the
hairs will still stick to either side
about the same so you want to come about
1 in in and place the velcro then you're
going to want to put it under the sewing
machine and Stitch across right along
there I like to do it about three times
dogs like to roll in the grass you don't
want their bow falling off so you want
to make it very nice and sturdy so
you'll Stitch that
one you'll put your other piece down on
the other side stitch along there just
the
same once you do that you're going to
flip the bow over so now you're looking
at that seam you're going to fold it
into the
center and you want these two edges to
overlap so then you're going to put it
under your
machine and you're going to stitch down
here to secure it all together all right
so here is what you have you've put the
velcro on one in in from the edges
you've stitched that down you folded
them in you're looking at this raw Edge
don't worry nobody will see that nobody
will see the stitches on the other side
either so now it's all nice and secure
now there's two ways that you can finish
the bow tie with the center piece if you
are going to be gifting this and you
want it to look very nice and
professional you're going to fold in the
bow you're going to wrap this right side
of this centerpiece to right side of the
bow flip it
over and you want to stitch along here
to attach the Cent the centerpiece as
close as possible in um my stitches to
really give it that nice crisp shape if
you like a fluffier bow then you can
loosen it up and that's how it look but
I like it to be pretty tight okay so
here it is I've put the right side of
the center piece to the right side of
the bow I've stitched and I've just
chopped that
off sometimes depending on how tight
you've gotten this it can be a little
hard you're going to flip this Center
piece right side out you can use a
bamboo stick to help you if you've
gotten it very
tight but you're just going to flip
it like that so here is what a finished
bow looks like where I've put that raw
Edge to the inside so you're left with
just a really nice professional looking
bow tie now if you're just making these
for your dogs you're trying to be a
little faster excuse the hair on this
this is Piper's Christmas bow um then
you can just
wrap
it you'll do the same thing with your
bow but you're going to wrap wrong side
to right side of the
bow wrap it around still Stitch as close
as you can to that
bow and then you're just going to chop
it off so here you see you're left with
a raw Edge not a big deal but it is a
little faster if you're trying to make a
bunch of these off at once okay so here
is a finished bow I just made for sunny
I couldn't remember what size collar he
wore so I just attached the 3-in velcro
like I make for a piper and then here's
his collar which is probably a little
less than half an inch so I will
just trim off what I don't
need wrap it
around
perfect do the same thing to the other
side so that's what I like when I don't
know what size collar if I'm giving it
as a gift the owner has I just leave the
extra and let them know they can trim it
to what they need so perfect there's
Sunny's new bow tie so I really have a
lot of fun styling Pipers bows with
different store bought collars so here
is her latest one perfect for spring and
summer I've got it attached to a cute
little pink
gingham this one is my favorite color
it's a gold glitter one and I think it
just matches so much for Christmas I pop
on her red bow perfect and then this is
another one she has not worn yet as you
can see there's no hair attached to it
that one's a lot of fun here's a couple
others very well- loved she's been
wearing these a lot but you can see they
hold up their shape really well she
plays she wrestles and they stay really
nice and crisp this one's probably the
most well loved so have fun using up
your scraps to make your dog some bow
ties to go with your store bought
collars this one is actually left over
from a dress I made so I'm going to put
it on Piper and wear my dress and we're
going to have our own little mommy and
me moment why shouldn't all the fun be
left to moms with human babies I hope
you guys enjoyed the Bow Tie video make
sure you subscribe to us so you don't
miss any of our videos give the video a
thumbs up if you liked this till next
time bye