hi guys my name is Anna I'm a blogger at
Babble dabl do.com and today I'm going
to teach you how to make something very
very special
oozing drippy droopy
delicious slime are you ready so there
are a lot of different slime recipes but
the one that I like best uses a
combination of two ingredients white
glue you can also use clear glue by the
way and liquid starch liquid starch is a
laundry additive and you could usually
find it in the laundry section of places
like Target um and and such if you want
to add coloring to your slime you're
going to add that at the same time that
you add these two ingredients now I like
to start with a ratio of about 2 to one
two parts glue one part starch and go
from there the thing about slime is that
it you really need to fine-tune it so
you'll find that you might get something
like this at first which is really too
slimy too liquidy if that happens to you
you're going to add a little bit more
glue and then mix it again and see if
you can't get a better
consistency now also you might end up
with something like this which is too
sticky um and it will be sticking to
your hands a lot that's not what you
want either so then in that case you're
going to add a little bit more starch
and this is really what you want you
want super flexible slime it shouldn't
stick to your hands it should just droop
drizzle and ooze if you want to make
multicolored slime I suggest starting
with a white slime so uncolored and then
adding in pieces or sections of slime
that you've colored with different
colors of food coloring that way it
won't be a complete um purple mess in 5
minutes the Slime colors do eventually
combine into kind of a purpley color but
you know it's really beautiful for a
little while at least um while you have
a lot of colors in your
[Music]
mixing
[Music]
e
[Music]
the