hey YouTube it's Sean from Making
Memories again and I bet a lot of you
have seen these before in your home or
maybe even uh in a DJ setting it's your
very very very simple can light fixture
you've got a socket there for your bulb
uh metal
enclosure and a little uh onoff switch
and that's really it typically you'll
see uh your standard white bulb put into
this and it'll be put behind a plant in
a corner or uh some use like that just
to give a little bit of up lighting or
mood lighting to a room uh sometimes
you'll see people put party bulbs like
the uh coiled fluorescent bulbs that
come in blue and green and that that can
really be a nice effect I've done that
before just put a few of these around
the room in different colors and it
spices things up two
disadvantages um well I guess a dis
Advantage per type of bulb with that
setup your regular house bulb 60 wat 40
watt they get really hot not something
you want to touch and the fixture itself
gets hot and the cold
fluorescence while they don't get as hot
they're still pretty warm I've measured
both with a thermometer in the past and
you'd be amazed how hot and incandescent
or hallogen bulb in one of these can get
easily into the uh three digits but I've
got a new Twist on today cuz I'm sure
you're wondering why I'm showing you
this here we have an LED a 3 watt I
believe 3 one watt LEDs 3 watt fixture
or 3 watt element and this one's from
GE and this middle part that I'm holding
is actually a heat sink LEDs do generate
some heat but something basic like this
can really dissipate that heat really
quick and even in a can light like this
it doesn't really get that warm you can
pick these up and move them around a uh
kid that runs over and puts their hand
on it they're not going to burn
themselves and it fits in there nicely
and gives you a really great uplight
effect now I thought about this and came
up with a little
twist these cans come with a little
black plastic ring here that goes in
about half an inch
and it occurred to me see if I can get
it out here it's a little tricky to do
with one
hand there are Clips on here and these
clips are what provide the tension to
keep this ring in the
fixture what I did as I'll show you
here I took some lighting gel anyone
who's familiar with the old H hallogen
lighting days or stage lighting will
know all about this
stuff cut it actually cut it in a
circular pattern with three tabs the
tabs align with those metal pieces I
just showed you so that you can
clip you can use the tab here to clip
onto the gel and hold the gel in place
so that it's not going to come down and
touch the light or fall out of the
fixture it's actually in there really
nice so let's take a look at what this
looks like okay I've got one of the can
lights with the 3w LED bulb firing
straight up this brick wall I would
guess this wall is uh probably 30 maybe
40 ft tall it's hard to say it's in the
back of a
uh that's a mediumsized Auditorium this
is with no gel or anything just the
light of the LED and I don't know how
easily you're going to be able to tell
it in the video but it's a nice warm
white light it's not the cool blue LED
and not that uh slightly odd light you
get when you mix a red green and blue
light together from a lot of LED
fixtures this one's just a nice warm
White white and that warm white really
translates well to shining through gels
so let's take a look at the same light
but with a yellow gel installed okay
we've got the can light same position
the only difference being I've added a
yellow lighting
gel yellow works extremely well with
these bulbs as a matter of fact there's
only one color that doesn't seem to work
well and that's a deep rich blue if you
put a uh blue light on here I mean a
blue gel and it's kind of a light Aqua
no problem it'll shine through basically
like you're seeing now all the way up to
the top of a tall ceiling or up a tall
column put a dark blue and I'm not quite
sure why maybe something to do with the
wavelength I really don't know but you
don't get much light output at all but
as you can tell yellow looks
great um a few of these around the room
at a wedding or at really any event kind
of gives you some light to the the room
and it's just great me uh walk over just
a few steps
here and you can see I've got the light
behind a table so that you don't see the
light all you see is the uplighting and
this is wonderful on a wall like this
where you've got block or brick really
creates a nice textured
look so let's uh let's try another color
I think I've got one more gel with
me okay I mistakenly only brought a
couple of colors for these can lights
but I did bring a green
thankfully and I'll show you how that
works projects all the way up to the
ceiling without any problem let's take a
step
back put a nice nice wash up the
wall little dim in the camera although
in the naked eye you can you can still
see it on the bricks uh below the
ceiling
there green no problem one of the colors
that works really well with these and
now what I'd like to do is I'm going to
cut this light off and show you just how
easy it is to put a gel into one of
these okay like I said I want to show
you just how easy it is to swap a color
in or out of one of these uh can
lights here's the
Ring The Ring has these three metal tabs
it's a little tricky to film I've got a
small tripod in front of me but there we
go there's the tabs and here's what I
was talking about about the gel you
don't have to be very accurate just cut
it about to the uh same size as the ring
all I did was trace it on there and
wherever you've got a tab make a mark
and cut yourself just a uh just about a
thumb width tab that's plenty so all we
do now take your take your ring see if I
can get this on camera and push the
gel underneath that
tab this is really hard to do on camera
okay there we go that's
one spin
around
two
and three now you've got your gel any
color you want just buy your uh lighting
gel of
choice put it in the ring put it in the
can plug it in and easy cheap safe up
lighting practice and
enjoy