Karen Larsen and I'm Brian Sanders and
Owosso family's dog is fighting for his
life tonight a Rogers County sheriff's
deputy shot Bruno and then left him on
the family's porch with a note they left
him bleeding he was here for almost
three hours bleeding part of our family
- works for you reporter Darci Jackson
talked to Bruno's owners who feel the
deputy overreacted we do want to warn
you there are some graphic pictures in
this story that's new at 10 a sweet
reunion for 12 year old Gabrielle Brock
and the dog that's like a brother Bruno
the last time she saw him Bruno was
laying on her porch surrounded by blood
we didn't know what to do so we called
mom there's a note on the door that said
the cops shot him angie layman
frantically called the rogers County
Sheriff's Office surveillance video
shows a deputy pulling in there to
investigate a shots fired call in the
area layman says Bruno trained to
protect her property went toward the
deputy he got out of his car and as he
came around the side of your Escalade
your dog attacked him I said did he bite
him he said well he felt threatened
there's a lot of things that could be
asked you know and why didn't even tase
him what any pepper spray you know an
officer's weapon was the first thing
that he drew and we don't have time to
go through this you know use of force
ladder
Bruno isn't out of the woods just yet
the bullet shattered his shoulder Rogers
County Sheriff Scott Walton says his
deputy acted out of self-defense was a
guarantee that they would be bitten if
you know if they'd have tried to
approach the animal or do anything else
but Bruno didn't bite anyone
and now layman says she wants justice
it's just not fair he's part of our
family I want them to pay to save my
dog's life that's what I want in
Gabrielle wants her brother back just
it's better with him