so yeah this is my first youtube video
and I feel kind of weird doing it but
needs most because I'm a mom on a budget
and like everybody else things nowadays
can be quite expensive for basically
nothing at all right
massive tip I found my house is
absolutely covered in mold and having
three kids and yourself you realize your
health is sort of at risk and I found
these work absolutely wonderful
they are damp traps now the problem is
they cost an arm and a leg being it
again being a mother on a budget I can't
afford the humidifier and all these big
machines to take it all out of the sort
of works you know what I mean
so I have to resolve as it resolved
sorry I have another love that I have to
sort of turn to these things busy me and
I found a really nice hack that is
basically stupid chips and if you're
American you don't understand that as
cheap as fries
right now basically you have to start by
buy them however many of these you need
but I guarantee you will be absolutely
penniless practically after you've done
your first big expense once they're full
as you can see like this one is you're
going to do a quick tip which will be to
basically take this off and then you're
going to gently peel the outside of this
or fun go on as you can see there's bits
here they that let you do it now you
have to be careful because underneath
sometimes they do have a slight bit of
plastic I didn't see how they go right
you don't want a big see there's
the plastic you go on a big hole you
want to pull it away in North High II
like that so you can get your salt now
the salt compared to the price of these
the salt you can pick up the cheat sheet
nasty stuff for about maybe 35 pence 40
pence and one of these will do several
of these even more so so think about it
30-yard pins and you've done this now
you need to empty out this sort of
grunge which is dead easy because it
comes back through we
she's kind of bizarre cause they call it
a damn trap but where hey I'm not
complaining because it makes it easy for
me if I'm going too fast or you can't
understand my accent I am ever so sorry
I am part Geordie which is more
Newcastle if you are not from the UK
right basically what you're going to do
is take a salt and you're going to pour
it through your little ol C little each
time you'll have to shake it down
because it obviously will back up and
then you get salt everywhere like I've
just don't haha
once you've got enough in as you can see
I probably could do with a bit more you
obviously slightly back down and put
your nice little tap back on tada
we have a damp trap now how these work
is assault ie this audio will start to
go rock-hard I didn't see not exactly
sort of oh oh it's making me a liar well
it does it's a circle rock hard as it
absorbs the water and I shouldn't
clearly see see the water in the bottom
there
there is blob blob sorry like see my
first youtube video as you can see it's
working it's click the water you have
just built yourself a damn trap or
should I say a recycled yourself a damn
chart for not even 30 pencil and then
all you need to do now is place them
everywhere in your house out to the way
for kids please because obviously salt
is quite poisonous in high doses I
should know that because I have an 18
month old who likes put everything in
his mush ie mouth and it should start
once again collecting and once it's torn
and it's all filled back up like this
one all to the top you just start again
empty the water out this time you don't
need to put the whole just put salt
bucking cap back on tada
a very cheap and effective way to face
that mold dr. la superhero No thank God
I have metals right hopefully you liked
this video I won't be doing a lot cuz
I've got kids and I haven't got
Clou but if you do subscribe and check
out my rest when I get there thanks for
watching bye