[Music]
Nathan Cox here guys thanks for joining
me here I got a refrigerator hide behind
me if you saw my previous video about
cleaning out the coils to the
refrigerator then then great you got
here from the link now if you didn't
you're wondering what I'm talking about
I just cleaned out the coils in this
fridge cuz I you know we had to take out
everything out the downstairs here put a
new car carpet and I switched the
refrigerator out so I cleaned it up
before I put it back and everyone thinks
they just cleaning the shelves but
there's also the coils so check out that
video I should make a little popup that
comes up right here and then in the
description down below there'll be a
link there for that also uh but the
other problem now that the FR rators
been moved is out of level okay it's not
level and it needs to be pretty decently
leveled properly and that just really
helps with everything um now you can
check your manufacturer guide of course
the the setup and installation manual on
how to level a refrigerator that's
always best if you don't have that you
should be able to Google the company uh
you know instruction manual user manual
whatever and be able to download it and
check it from there and get a PDF okay
now I'm going to show you guys how to do
it on this refrigerator here this is a
Kenmore very basic you know freezer on
top fridge down below very basic
refrigerator um but very common many
many people have it and the level on
this is pretty
simple the leveling on this is a little
bit different than say like on some of
the newer like side by sides or
especially the French door ones now it's
the same basic principle like like this
way side to side you want the thing
level okay that's pretty common sense
now far as back and front like some of
the newer ones like the side by sides
and the um especially the French door
ones because the way that they close you
have to you know physically close both
doors all the way um or one at a time
but you got you know take it all the way
is the point I'm trying to make is that
you can pretty much make it straight on
level but refrigerators like this you
actually want to be leaning backwards
just a bit why you ask why would I want
to lean this one back and the other
one's not well the other one's because
where the doors open and close cuz they
open them from the middle something like
that um it this doesn't this doesn't
work right for them but on these ones
here that swing from the side okay when
you open the doors this helps like when
kids don't close the doors all the way
when you let go the doors
should close themselves okay you had
just a little bit of lean back on the
refrigerator so they open it up they
grab something and if they don't close
it all the way well it's going to close
itself but you saw right there it's
closing too fast they're almost they're
slamming okay so I got to fix that so
what you're going to need a level of
course they're leveling you need to
level and then you going need whatever
the refrigerator requires for you to
level it whether it's a screwdriver or a
socket mine we either use a 3/8 socket
or a straight A large you know straight
flat screwdriver now I'm not going to
sit here with a screwdriver and do it
I'm not even going to do it with a
ratchet of course you can get an
extension and a socket and a ratchet
wouldn't be that
bad
I'm cheating just a little bit today and
I got this attach a little attachment
here the adapter for my drill
okay so we're going to speed this up a
little bit so all right so what we do
first let's check how level we are
instead of putting it on the door
because the door itself may you know
it's not going to be exactly square with
the main refrigerator put it just behind
no put it on top of the fridge not on
the door okay now left to right we're
off by a little bit not too much I'll
fix that in a
minute
you know let's take care of the and you
really don't need a level for this part
here um unless you're doing the side by
side or the French door type then go
ahead and use the level up there and get
a nice and level all right I'm going to
have to this one by hand um and just
kind of go a couple times and let's
figure it out so let's let's adjust this
puppy right
here okay you're going to have to take
the toe kick off the they great in the
front front most of the time that's how
they're going to access and you can see
right here you can see there's a screw
right there cuz there's the wheel and
then the same on the other side
okay all right now see how mine goes I'm
going forward Direction on the drill
which is
clockwise that's been the refrigerator
up which is the wrong reason or sorry
the wrong direction of what we're doing
today okay okay let's bring that down
and I guess I went a little too far on
that one there see and the screw started
to come
outward okay Al I went past the stop on
that
now all you really got to do now is is
let's see where we're at let's open the
doors
let
go that's not too bad but let's slow it
down just a little bit
more
[Music]
[Music]
okay you want to periodically check the
side by side level
too
all right just a little bit more but it
doesn't seem like my wheels want to go
down much
more
okay
actually I take that back I guess it did
go down a little bit more I thought it
was at the end of the
range there we go okay you see that not
slamming so if they open it up they grab
something all popsicle out and they're
like
hey running off going to see what the
other siblings doing with their friend
the door takes care of itself we're
going to double check the side by
side which that's off by a little bit
but I'll take a few minutes and fine
tune it from here okay I don't really
need to bother you guys too much you
guys get the idea okay so on a
oldfashioned standard refrigerator
that's the really the perfect way to
have it leveled is that the doors slowly
close okay um that's just a great thing
to do they take care of themselves like
I said the other refrigerators just
trying to get it square square I'm sorry
just level you know on both
directions that way it's the best for
the fridge things stand up straight um
it's better for the best for the
compressor this and that um other than
that guys thanks please uh share this
video so other people can you know find
out how to level their fridge cuz I bet
there's a lot of people who have fridges
like this and they open the doors a
little bit and the doors will actually
even either stay there and never close
or open for further okay letting the
doors close by themselves is is a great
thing to do saves you a lot of energy
and food going pad if those doors don't
close all the way please check out the
rest of my channel hit that subscribe
button while you're there and check out
my website gry ninja.com thanks
[Music]
again
[Music]
y