in this video I'm going to show you how
to properly clean and dress tires I'll
be using two different tools I'll be
using this long Fender brush with the
more larger brush head and then the
smaller Tire brush now just as a side
tip you can also buy an extra brush
don't use this one specifically that you
use on the tires to also clean carpet uh
cuz the bristles are pretty stiff and
the the um the hand on it kind of makes
it really easy to to brush carpet so
that's just another thought if you want
to buy another one to use for carpet
that'll work good too and as far as
dressing I'll use mug wire's hybrid
dressing on an applicator plaid now this
one used to actually be red cuz I
actually didn't have any laying around
that were black so I used red and after
you know several uses it turned black so
there are some black applicator plaids
so you it's not going to seem dirty or
as dirty since it's already black but
yeah just any applicator plaid any foam
applicator pad or if you want you can
use a towel or there are several
different types of foam pads that kind
of mold to the Contour of the tire to
make it easier to apply the dressing and
the cleaner I'm going to be using is
Maguire's D1 101 allpurpose cleaner
diluted 10 to1 most of the time for most
of the clean that I do will be 10 to1 I
do have an extra bottle diluted 4 to one
if need be but for the most part I'll
just pull out a 101 agitate it a few
times and I'm good to go now before we
get started on the tires I will say that
uh you won't always clean 110% of the
tire off if it's been you know months
possibly years that you haven't cleaned
your tires or if you're doing this as a
business your customer's tires then then
you don't go in there expecting you're
going to get every single you know 80%
of the gunk off because either you know
you're you're on a time limit you're on
a budget limit so it's not that you can
spend all day just cleaning the tires so
for one you know don't think you're
going to get every single if you're
going to get the entire thick layer of
mud off you can go for probably 60 70
possibly 80 depending on the tire the
time your Technique but yeah if you know
don't go for absolute 100% cleanness
because if the tires it'll get dirty
again and if the customer isn't pain you
that much or you don't have that much
time you have to push and pull on
certain parts of the detail and there is
a big difference between cleaning some
you know regular profile tires like this
on this on a sedan or CPS as compared to
cleaning like some Jeep or like some big
truck tires CU obviously the the side
was much thicker there's probably going
to be a lot more grooves on bigger tires
which makes it a lot more difficult to
clean and to dress the tire so just keep
that in mind that you probably you will
take more time cleaning the wheels and
tires of a bigger dirtier truck than you
you will typical or an average size
sedan or Coupe it's just the way it is
obviously that's going to change Case by
case maybe you have a small car like
this but they have 20in rims with some
super low Prof whatever the case may be
it's going to differ Tire to tire so I'm
not going to be using a water host or a
pressure washer to hose it down just
because I'm kind of lazy don't want to
get the floor all wet so what I'm just
going to do is wipe it down with a towel
after I clean it now you can do this if
the tire is not that bad if it's
completely gunked and ugly and there's a
thick layer of dirt then you're most
definitely going to want to use a hose
because a towel would kind of get too um
it'll get used up pretty quick but on
that same note if you want to just use a
towel instead of water hose you can do
that too or you can get a spray bottle
with this water and hose it down a
little bit and then wipe it down if that
can fit your scenario if that's you know
kind of align with what you want to do
that's also an option so I personally do
not hose down the wheel or Tire before I
start cleaning just because I feel like
that the loots the cleaner and it
doesn't work as good totally personal
preference there is no right way or
wrong way whatever you deem worthy in
whatever uh whatever process you want to
take so I put it on a mid uh I just
adjust the nozzle here to kind of give
it a good mist and I don't dous it down
either I don't you know completely
saturated I'll give it maybe at Max
three on one side of the tire and then
I'll start agitating so one two three
and then I'll just start agitating so
these two brushes will do the will do
the job they both both do great um it
just depends again if you're using if
you're on a bigger truck you want to use
like a bigger brush obviously cuz you
want to get more of that uh sidewall on
a smaller uh wheel on a smaller TI
smaller Tire like this you can go with a
smaller bristle brush for the most part
it's going to get you the same results
um the big thing is like how dirty is
the the tire and how many passes are you
going to make to get it to the desired
result that you
want and then you'll literally just
scrub and you'll you know if if those
three sprays were not enough then you'll
just obviously give it a few more sprays
so if that's not enough then I'll just
do it again and I I always try not to
completely saturate it I don't want to
overdo it cuz it is not necessary in my
opinion so you're just going to scrub
back and forth until you'll think it's
good enough
um and like I said at this point you'd
want to hose it down but if not you can
get a b a spray bottle with water it
doesn't you know it's not going to do
the best job by any means but just to
get it a little bit saturated and then
you just literally wipe it down of
course the tire is going to be
completely filthy the tire the towel is
going to be completely
filthy but that'll
do a good enough job okay so that was
the example with this brush now we'll do
the left side of the tire again the same
process just a few squirts so that
should be good and then we'll take this
uh brush and just agitate it the same
way okay so then I'll get the spray
bottle just to kind of somewhat rinse it
down again take the
towel and as usual it's going to be
completely it's always going to be
completely filthy you you'll never
really truly clean the tire to
Perfection or to you know 90% clean
unless you really want to spend the
entire well not the entire day but a lot
more time than what you need to clean
the tire so it's kind of hard to tell
here on video because the lighting isn't
that good but there's still just a light
bit of dirt that we can probably go one
more pass um so you kind of want to
determine how many passes you want to do
most for the most part I'll give it two
passes and then I'll just be done I'll
it there because uh if it's just a
maintenance wash or they're just
coloring like if I'm doing like a basic
wash in a wax then I won't really go
completely at it because you know a few
days it's probably going to get to the
same condition so I'll get it good
enough to where it's not completely
caked on I apply the dressing and then
it'll look much better but if you do
want to go for another application then
it's just going to be the same process
you get your
brush and you agitate now at this point
not much as you can tell in the prior
pass that I did a lot of it was a lot
more Brown coming out here it's not so
much anymore because I I removed the
film The the layer of of dirt so
hopefully it's getting picked up on the
video but now it's not as bad so that
means the tire is decently
cleaned and at which point again I'll
just go ahead and wipe it
down use a spray bottle to assist me a
bit
now that the tire is 100% dry so now I
can I can go ahead and apply the
dressing again this is hyper dressing
from Maguire I forgot what I diluted it
to uh I think there's four dilutions to
Maguire's hyper dressing so it is a bit
versatile whether you want kind of you
know uh very glossy not so glossy Satan
there's quite a bit of options as far as
dilutions go so there's two types of
methods you can either spray directly
onto the tire and I kind of kind of
recommend it towards bigger tires um but
a small Tire like this I would just go
ahead and spray it directly into the
applicator
pad just because it's a bit easier to
control and you reduce the overspray on
the wheels on the paint on the fenders
um and you'll just work it in uh if
there is a a lip or gap between the rim
and the tire you want to kind of just
pinch it and work it it in there this
one obviously doesn't have that but you
just want to work it in the grooves
depending on the type of of tire that it
is like I said those big truck tires
they will have a lot more grooves a lot
more indention so it is you know you got
to make sure that you are uh equally
covering the entire Tire because then
what's going to happen is you know
you'll or even you know on smaller tires
like this where you'll just completely
miss one area like in the bottom of the
tire right you can't see but at the
bottom of the tire where the it's com in
contact with the floor and if you don't
you know if you don't roll it a bit
forward then you're going to clearly see
a a dry spot on the tire which you know
if the customer is very picky or if you
yourself just detailing your own car
you're very picky then obviously that's
just going to bother you and um you have
to go back and do it again so you just
want to make sure you have equal
coverage throughout the entire Tire if
there's a lot of grooves a lot of
crevices you want to make sure you're
getting your towel or your applicator
pad in there um another thing you can do
with bigger tires now I don't normally
do this or I don't do it at all but what
you can actually do is get a dedicated
Tire brush to just put on the uh Tire Dr
dressing so like on thicker tires that
have all those grooves and stuff you
could SP you could spray the dressing
directly onto the tire and then use a
brush to work into the grooves of the
tire instead of trying to jam your towel
or your finger or the applicator pad
into all the crevices you can just use a
brush to you know do the work for you
and uh and dress it like that now you do
want to use a dedicated Tire brush
because or I mean or you don't have to
actually depending on your preference
because um you know the other brush that
I used the finner brush that was to
scrub it down so the the the bristles
are actually very dirty um and then this
one will just be to actually apply the
tire dressing but that's really your
personal preference on which you know
how many brushes you want to carry with
you I personally don't really do this
option um only when I absolutely know
I'm going to have like a big I'm going
to work on a big truck with tires or any
vehicle that has big tires I'll go with
this option and that essentially wraps
it up now if you're using a tire
applicator pad and both sides are
getting uh Dressed on like both sides
have the product then this is going to
happen at Le in my experience this
happens where you get all the residue so
you always want to wear gloves or get an
applicator pad where you only use one
side of it to keep it as clean as
possible because uh the residue just
feels very you know filmy and sticky and
it's just not good it doesn't feel good
and that wraps it up it wasn't the most
complex thing you can do we are just
cleaning and dressing tires so it
doesn't take too much of an explanation
again you will have different cases
where the tire is really big or or it
just there's a lot of grooves on it so
it will take you a bit more time and a
bit more effort and if you're in Dead
Heat sun or very humid it is going to
suck cuz you're going to be sweating
cleaning a tire it's not going to go
well but just keep that in mind go ahead
and check the description box down below
if you do want to start your own
detailing business like this video
subscribe leave a comment Down Below on
the products or tools or some of the
methods you use to clean tires and I'll
see you on the next video