[Music]
what's up guys it's Celeste Angelica and
for today's video as you can see I'm the
one the only Medusa herself I did have
little things that were really going to
complete this look but they just were
not working out so here we are this is
the completed look I'm really really
happy with it but I'm not going to talk
too long because these contacts are
killing my eyes right now like literally
I had tears shedding when I put them in
now I know Halloween is just in a couple
of days and most of you probably are
celebrating at this weekend but I really
wanted to get this look done and I've
been lacking motivation the past few
weeks so I know it's really late but
better late than never and the cool
thing about this makeup tutorial is that
it is all using makeup there's no face
paint or anything involved so this could
be a last minute costume if you have
these sort of colors in your makeup
collection so if you want to see how to
get this Medusa look then keep on
watching so to start off I already have
a full face of foundation and concealer
and setting powder done so taking this
lime green shade from the Urban Decay
electric palette I am just taking a
fluffy brush and Fanning that over the
crease and a little bit above it this
shade is going to be the one that helps
diffuse the darker green Shades that we
use then going in with this darker green
shade I am taking a smaller brush and
just adding that more precisely in the
crease and a little bit above
it now taking this dark green shadow in
the shade Jade from the Lorac Pro 2
palette I am just taking a small fluffy
brush and spraying it with rose water
and then really pushing it into the lid
and just blending it into the crease
just a little bit on the outer V now
taking this shade from L'Oreal Paris and
a small Precision brush I am just
blending that into the crease and
actually a little bit above it I'm doing
this because I have hooded eyes so if I
were to put it directly in the crease
you wouldn't see it when I'm looking
straight forward so I have to draw the
crease line just a little bit above my
actual crease so you can see the
colors you have to be careful with this
specific Shadow because there is a lot
of Fallout and a lot of glitter so you
don't want to get it in your eyes and as
you can see I'm just doing a little bit
and then stopping and checking to make
sure it looks even taking that fluffy
brush I'm just adding a little bit more
and blending it out now taking the
Revlon photo ready eye art in the shade
desert Dazzle I am just taking the green
cream shadow and applying it all over
the lid you do want to make sure that
that you completely let this dry before
applying this gold glitter and I'm
actually not 100% satisfied with this
product because even though I let my
Lids dry before blinking or anything
like that the glitter still managed to
get into the crease afterwards going
back into the Lorac Pro 2 palette I'm
taking that black shade and using a
crease brush to just blend it into the
crease again just to sort of cover up
that Glitter that did end up going into
the crease and keep the crease looking
nice and
dark then I'm just applying my false
lashes I believe I was using Queen Bee
by Coco and just applying
that now taking that lime green shade
again and using a fluffy brush I am just
dragging that all the way underneath the
lower lash line and a bit under it as
well I'm definitely dragging it lower
than I normally would for a regular
smokey eye but I really wanted the green
to pop out and I didn't want the black
to completely take away from it then
taking that middle green shade and just
doing the same and now I'm taking that
green shade from L'Oreal and just
dragging it along the lower lash line
I'm not fluffing it across the lower
lash line because this particular Shadow
is really really loose and there is a
lot of Fallout and glitter involved so I
didn't want it to get in my
eyes so I am pushing it and dragging it
instead taking the makeup forever aqua
XL eye pencil I am just dragging that
along the lower
waterline and taking a smudge brush I am
just dragging it down and blending it
into the other shades of
green taking the IT Cosmetics superhero
mascara I am just applying that all over
the lower lashes and now for contouring
I'm using the Kat Von D shade and light
palette I'm using this brown shade but
this part is totally optional and up to
you because technically it's going to
get covered once we do the scales but I
still wanted my face to look more
three-dimensional and less flat so I
went ahead and contoured my cheeks just
a little bit and then also a little bit
on my nose as
well now for the fun part you get to
apply The Fishnet over your head as you
can see there's lime green at top
because I did make a mistake earlier so
I needed to fix it so you want to start
from lightest to darkest so I'm taking
the lime green shade and then the middle
green shade and then taking that sparkly
dark green shade afterwards and just
lightly pushing it down you do want to
make sure you're pushing rather than
dragging because if you push more you're
going to have those true scale
shapes so then you're just going to
repeat the same thing on the other side
start with the lightest and with the
darkest shade and also do the same on
your cheekbones I'm doing do it a little
bit lower than where I contoured but
it's totally up to you where you want to
place the scales if you don't want to
put them there then you definitely don't
have to if you want them to cover more
of your face then you can do that as
well so another fun tutorial because you
can personalize it however you
want taking this ofra Cosmetics
highlighter in the shade Rodeo Drive I
am just packing that all over the
cheekbones because you guys know I love
a good highlight and I think it's
totally necessary to go overboard when
doing a Halloween look taking the
Anastasia moonchild glow kit I'm using
the shade Lucky Clover which is a green
highlight very very pretty and I just
packed that over the other highlight I
love this because it's a really light
pastel green and I love how there are
multiple shades of green in this
look taking the Kylie lip kit in dead of
night I am just applying that all over
my lips now do keep in mind that you
need to take your time and be really
careful when using a black liquid
lipstick or any sort of lipstick or
eyeliner or whatever you're using to
create black lips just take your time
and be careful because it can get very
messy and you don't want to ruin your
already completed face makeup so just
take your time and all will be well so I
let that completely dry and then applied
this NYX Cosmic metal in the shade
extraterrestrial I applied it just in
the middle of my lips and then blended
it out with my fingers because I didn't
want my lips to be entirely covered in
this green shade as I wanted some of the
black to poke through now this is
optional as well but I took the
highlighter and the fish nut and just
did it in the center of my lips to
create more Snake scales now this is
extra but I wanted to use some snake
contacts so I did but if you do use them
at your own risk and be careful and that
is the completed
look so that is it for today's video and
this is the the end of my Halloween
tutorial I really hope you guys enjoyed
this one if you did let me know with a
big thumbs up don't forget to subscribe
to my channel if you are new here I post
videos twice a week almost every single
week I try really hard I hope you guys
are having a wonderful day or night
wherever you are I hope you have a
wonderful haul weekend and I will see
you very soon in the next
[Music]
one
[Music]
o