[Music]
hi I'm Elias gesas executive chef Morton
Steakhouse and today I'm going to show
you how to grill the perfect lamb chops
first you want to pick chops that are at
least an inch to an inch and a half in
thickness choose ones that have a nice
bright red color and abundant marbling
the marbling is all the fat that you see
running through the meat that's going to
give it juiciness and flavorful you can
season the lamb shops with seasoning
salt or just salt and pepper whatever is
your
preference make sure that you pull the
lamp chops out at least 2 hours prior to
cooking them bring them up to room
temperature that's going to keep the
lamp chops from over chring or taking
too long to cook on these gas grills
make sure that it's set to high because
you want the meat to almost instantly
cook you want to sear all the juices in
and most importantly close the cover by
closing the cover you're going to cook
the chops from all angles keep keeping
the heat and making sure that that meat
doesn't get tough this step should take
approximately 3 to 4 minutes you want to
make sure that the chops have a nice
crust on one side which is going to keep
all the juices and all the flavor inside
the
chops after about 4 minutes these chops
should be ready to flip and remember
very important don't use a fork use a
tongue you don't want to poke the meat
and let all those juices that you're
trying to keep in in there seep out once
you turn the akes close the lid back
down you want to make sure to give it at
least another 4 minutes for a medium
rare and 6 minutes for a
medium after about 4 minutes these chops
should be
ready the best way to tell if they're
ready is with a simple hand
trick you want to make sure that the
lamp chop has the same feeling as the
base of your thumb for a medium rare so
you're going to compare the feeling in
the lamp chop with that of the base of
your thumb spongy with some bounce for
medium you want to make sure that it
feels more like the center of your
palm nice hot red
Center and there's your perfect grilled
lamp chops
enjoy