hey what's up YouTube in this video I'll
be showing you how to make a nice simple
boat build very easy not only does it
come in just plain white but it comes in
a variety of colors here we have a white
and orange boat it could easily just be
orange though over here we have a red
and white boat and if you like you don't
even have to change the color of the
saale very much so you can see here
where we have like red and we have the
never brick well if you want you can
keep the quartz STS and you can just
change the blocks underneath them so
here we have very quickly transformed
this boring white sailboat into a
glorious looking purpley blue sailboat
and you can do this with any two colors
of your choice you can get some pretty
interesting combinations and you can
have a really really nice looking lake
or river or Ocean or port or whatever
you're looking for at the end of it if
you're looking for some bills to
complement your sailboats look no
further than the boat house which I
actually showed you how to make a little
earlier in the week or maybe my lake
house or absolutely anything that you
may be able to find on the screen in
front of you and all of these builds
that I have on the screen in front of
you you can find them check out the card
system check out description below and
I'll leave you a link to my campsite
tutorials playlist it has absolutely
everything that you can see on the
screen Down Below in that playlist and
you can make all of it or none of it or
however much of it that you like comment
down below what else should I make what
else can I add to my campsite or any of
my builds in general let me know what
should I build next follow me on Twitter
at@ tsmc 360 but I think that that is
way more than enough talking guys why
don't we start building some of these
boats so to make these boats here's what
you'll need grab yourself some oak wood
stairs and some oak wood slabs grab
Spruce Wood slabs and some spruce wood
stairs you'll also need some dark oak
fence and you'll need some quartz stairs
also grab yourself some quartz block and
we will also need some levers levers
however you want to pronounce it we'll
also need an item frame and I do wish we
just had one more space available
because we'd grab some trap doors but
we'll just do that later once you have
each one of those materials and once you
figured out where you want to make it
I'll be making it just in a random
position in this River probably a little
closer to the center than not well what
you're going to want to do is you want
to start this off with a row of five
wooden slabs in the water so like this
is the first one and then 2 3
4 and five and then I'm just going to
destroy the that block below that first
wooden slab and replace it so we want to
have a row five wooden slabs in the
water we then want to have upside down
oak wood stairs on the left and right
hand side of our bow we want to have an
upside down spruce wood stairs coming
out the front of our boat and we want to
have an upside down oak wood stairs
coming out the back of the boat we want
to have Spruce Wood slabs placed on top
of the left hand side front and right
hand side of the boat so on top of the
upside downstairs on the left right and
the upside down stair on the front we
then want to have a
lever placed in this position right here
very near the back of the boat and if
you like as a matter of fact we can just
Place ourselves an oak wood slab on top
of that block so just to clearly
separate the front and back of the boat
we want to have that oak wood slab
behind that outward slab place an item
frame we don't need item frames anymore
you can get rid of them and you can grab
some trap doors we only need one we're
going to place an A trapo in the item
frame and this is kind of like the Ruder
of the boat this would make more sense
if it was down below but then you
wouldn't be able to see it would you and
that's kind of the point we then want to
take out our dark oak wood fence and on
top of the center block of the boat
which is this one right here we want to
have a row of three dark oak wood fence
coming up that's one two and three we
then want to extend that fence forwards
and backwards by two with the block of
Quartz so that's one and two coming out
of the back and this will be one and two
coming out the front we want to take
those first blocks and place a quartz on
top of them we then want to do quartz
stairs on the outside of and on top of
those quartz blocks so we want to have
on the outside of and on top of those
quartz blocks quartz stairs so like this
in this formation we then want to take
this dark oak wood fence and we want to
extend it upwards by further three
that's one two and three like that
poking out of the top we can then get
rid of everything and this is pretty
much the boat now if you want to make
this boat a little bit more interesting
it doesn't take very much imagination or
any time if you want to change the sail
of this boat just pick two of your
favorite colors maybe lime and yellow
maybe to go a little bit real on this
and you can mess about with these sails
if you like you can place the yellow
where you like and the green where you
like or maybe you can just use three
different colors and then you can easily
change the sail of the bone you can not
only change the quartz blocks the actual
proper quartz block but you can also
change the quartz stairs if you like so
if you like if you'd prefer some
Redstone stairs you can have some red
Sandstone stairs like this doesn't look
too bad does it and if you decide that
at the very top of this thing you'd
prefer a never brick stairs then you
could easily add yourself a nether brick
stairs or maybe if you wanted to keep it
a little bit more even you could have a
nether brick stairs at the bottom and
the top and you can have orange in
between now I personally think that that
looks extremely ugly what we've made but
it does prove the point that you can
absolutely do whatever you like to these
bats they're really easy to make it
doesn't take too much time to make more
than one you can probably get one done
in way less than 3 4 5 minutes if you're
really slow like I am sometimes but
there's your boat hopefully you guys
like this tutorial if you do please do
drop this video a like I'd really
appreciate it I honestly would comment
down below what else should I make on
this lake or on my campsite or just in
general let me know what else I should
make I'd be interested to see
what you guys want me to meet also
follow me on Twitter @ tsmc 360 you can
do the same thing there check out the
card system for all of my campsite
related builds you will very easily be
able to find my campsite tutorials
playlist which like I said it's pretty
much every single thing that you can see
on the screen right in front of you
right now absolutely everything here I
will show you how to make thank you very
much watching I'll see you guys in the
next
video
[Music]