Pavlova is a quintessential Christmas
dish and this Pavlova wreath will bring
a beautiful festive feel to any
Christmas table to get started we're
just going to add six egg whites to a
stand
mixer and a good pinch of salt try and
use egg whites that are a little bit
older that way the proteins in the egg
whites have already been denatured and
they'll whip up nice and beautifully for
[Applause]
you now you want to get your egg whites
to nice silky firm
[Music]
pinks there we have beautiful silky firm
Peaks now to this I'm just going to
gradually add some castor sugar about a
tablespoon or two at a time just until
it's nicely
dissolved
so here I have a molx Piping Bag that
I've just snipped the end
off I'm going to add about A4 of my
mering into the
[Music]
bag I'm just bringing the ends
together I'm going to pipe two very thin
layers of mering around my molx
bank the molx printed bake is fantastic
it makes its job so quick and easy and
why you don't have to draw the circles
yourself mtic have already done it for
you just very carefully following the
circles all the way
[Music]
around
beautiful now I'm going to pop in the
rest of the
[Music]
mering and then just using a little
spatula I'm just going to smooth all the
holes fill them all
up on the inside and the outside trying
to build the mering nice and high so we
can do a bit of a messy flat smooth on
the top and we want the top to be a
little bit flat so that way all of our
wreath toppings don't slide
off perfect okay now my oven's preheated
to 150° C I'm just going to pop this in
my preheated oven turn it down to 120° C
straight away let it bake for about an
hour and a half and then turn off the
oven and leave the pth in the oven until
it's cooled completely that's the trick
[Music]
my Pavlova wreath has perfectly cooled
in the oven overnight and now I'm ready
to
decorate here I have some perfectly
whipped
cream and I'm just going to spoon it
over oops that's okay just like this
spreading it
nicely now you can tell that all of the
sugar was perfectly dissolved into my
egg whites because I haven't got any
sesis which is basically where the shell
of your mering will actually crack and
start to bubble and release the protein
of the
eggs and the great thing about covering
your pad with cream is if you do have
any little slip UPS or any little holes
you can cover them
up I'm just going to pop my pav onto my
serving tray before I finish decorating
it so we just very gently and carefully
slide it
over and then see if we
can now where to start going to start
with some
strawberries berries are beautiful and
in season all through
Christmas but choose your favorite
ones I do have a little bit of a thing
for strawberries though and don't forget
the
[Music]
cherries and then finish with some
raspberries just to add that little bit
of acidy
Zing some of these bigger ones that you
get in the height of Summer just tear
them up and that brings some more
beautiful color showing the centers of
them
[Music]
yum this is such an easy dessert for
Christmas perfect for any time of
[Music]
year