good day to you Miss good dreary wet day
which brings us to our recipe this week
we are making beef fa which is a
Vietnamese uh soup noodle and it's
perfect for Drury days like this in my
recipe book The Links here you will find
the recipe for furga which is the
chicken version of this soup Noodle and
I've just made some adjustments to that
recipe but essentially it's about the
same in terms of how to make it we're
starting off with some beef that I had
already parboiled you put your beef
bones or uh whatever meat you're using
into the boiling water and let it boil
for about 10 to 15 minutes and all the
impurities and the um things that you
don't want to eat kind of surface into
this like oh what do I call it scum it's
kind of like scum that's a good
description at the top of your water and
that's what you don't want because we
want a clear broth uh to have with our
noodles so I've already parboiled my
bones I have about 2 and 1/2 lbs of beef
Shin which are these ones and I have
about a pound of and a half of just beef
bones that you can
find and I also have a pound of beef
brisket down there I don't know if can
you see it uh this one
here and this one we're actually going
to slice in the end to put in our soup
this is the one that we're going to eat
the other one the other bones and meat
is just for
flavor I want to make sure that I have
the instructions is
right I hear that uh that cook pooke is
is
pretty well I don't want to mislead
people yeah this is exactly what I was
going to do
anyways oh my
Lanta turning our instant pot on sauté
mode and adjust for high heat is that
more
uh
sure yeah it says more right here all
right okay slicing up my Ginger
uh I would prefer having two onions but
I only have one so I'm going to use what
I have if you have two onions that would
be better all right I hate peeling
onions I have a really hard time look
it's not even like nice I have a really
hard time getting um the peeling up but
you know what you don't even need to
peel it really because
um sometimes the skin adds a little bit
of color mhm
just as long as you don't eat it that's
right well I'm going to peel it anyways
I have one onion you can use two and I'm
going to cut it in half and that's it
minus the thumb minus the thumb have 3
oz of Ginger so this is about 3 oz of
Ginger aren't you going to say the size
of a thumb well it's bigger than a thumb
isn't it it's like a big giant swollen
thumb like you see on
cartoons so you're going to slice this
up
I want to gift you like a knife skills
class or something you know what that
thumb helps me I'm not sticking it in so
that I'm going to chop it off just
saying so once the pot says hot you can
add your oil so I'm just using vegetable
oil I'm going to use about a
tablespoon what I have to say I really
like this oil bottle because it doesn't
drip off this the spout I know seriously
guys this this oil bottle we've gone
through so many we have yeah so many and
they all drip except this one but this
wasn't from uh we found it locally yeah
guys if we find it on Amazon We'll
listow add it to our
shop okay I'm just moving the oil around
so that the bottom of the pot is covered
and we are going to Black in the onion
and the
ginger and I'll show you what that
means I wanted to stick my hand in
there I saw that this Ginger wasn't
touching the
oil we're just going to let that sit and
burn basically this is the only time
that you're allowed to burn your food
okay all right it's been 5 minutes look
at how black it is already you
see okay W it is uh like can you do that
any faster oh sorry now my onion is
broken like that okay I'm just going to
turn some of this stuff around or flip
it so that we can get the other sides
charred and then that'll be another I
guess 5 minutes cuz it's already been 5
minutes right wow that smells amazing
dude it is it's really really actually I
want to say pungent but not in a
bad all right I think that's
sufficiently charred and
brown I'm going to turn off the sauté
mode and add the rest of the
ingredients adding the beef back
in well not back in adding the beef
in it wasn't in there to begin with when
you're when you're par boiling and after
youve finished par boiling rinse all of
the bones underwater and you'll see that
there's like black Gunk that comes out
of the bones and you'll just wash all of
that stuff off I'm also adding one
cinnamon
stick one about a tablespoon of yellow
Rock sugar and if you don't have yellow
Rock Sugar you can just use a tablespoon
of regular
sugar two stares
and four cloves can you see this
yep I'm using half a teaspoon of uh
ground
coriander a teaspoon of
salt and salt you can always add after
as well so I wouldn't be too concerned
about that and we're going to use about
2 tablespoon of fish
sauce and then we're going to cover this
with water and I'm using about 8 cups of
water I added another cup or so so total
nine cups cuz I wanted that meat to be
completely
covered and now I'm going to put the lid
on
ceiling
knob cut making sure the ceiling knob is
on ceiling and we're going to pressure
cook it on high I'm just pressing manual
I think on a lot of the instant pots
today it actually says pressure cook so
press that button and bump it up
to I'm going to say 60
Minutes usually on the stove top it can
take up to 6
hours so I think 60 Minutes will be good
and then we will do the fun part after
which is to
assemble hey hey so the soup has
finished cooking and it smells
amazing so I removed the brisket from
the soup and I stuck it in the fridge uh
to cool down while I prepared the rest
of the ingredients and I'm just slicing
up my brisket now to to serve with the
noodles so usually it's served with some
very thin slices of raw sirloin that
kind of heats up in your bowl of um
noodles but I didn't pick any of that up
I'm just going to serve this with
brisket because this is usually what we
order but you are welcome to go pick up
some sirloin if you like if you have a
Asian
um grocery store often they have like
pre-sliced
sirloin in the freezer section that are
all rolled up and they're ready for hot
pot so if you buy that it's perfect
because you can just put that in your
soup and it'll just cook it up when you
put your hot soup in the
bowl all right looks yummy smells really
good how long in the uh was it in the
pressure cooker 60 minutes and then it
was it kept warm for a while because I
wasn't home but uh otherwise it's looks
so
clear okay some green
onion some
cilantro some bean
sprout
wow that looks amazing yeah well it
smells amazing and now it looks amazing
too so when we go out for f it usually
costs about $40 to $50 for our family
because it costs about $10 per Bowl ofur
these days and all of this probably cost
about
$25 do you remember when a bow of used
to cost like five bucks and then and
then $6 for the extra large yeah not
even it was like 550 for the extra large
which or you had regular size or large
so 50 cents more of course you get the
large right so to assemble uh your f
after you make the soup you'll need
about a pound of rice stick noodles and
you cook them according to the
instruction on the package I bought
fresh ones so it only took 10 to 15
seconds to cook in boiling water I
chopped up four green
onions I used up half a bunch of
cilantro some of it I chopped some of it
I served on the side I have four stems
of the Thai
Basil half a pound of bean sprouts some
chili peppers and about half a lime cut
into quarters if your lime is not too
juicy you might want to use a whole lime
and just cut that into four segments and
that would serve four
but this soup you'll probably have some
leftover it makes quite a bit awesome
awesome yeah and now it's time for dive
on
in The
Taste ah this looks
amazing when you open up the instant pot
lit it was like the aroma coming out of
it was wow so fragrant so much goodness
coming out of that pot so what I usually
do is that I love
my like my Accutron which is basil
leaves I like all the greens I like the
cilantro a lot of different textures in
here you got the crunch of the bean
sprouts uh softness of the noodles of
course and the
meat and when you put it all in in uh in
your mouth it's like all these textures
hitting you at once with a Basil Leaf
hole don't like shredding it and what I
do is that I don't eat it with the
Chili's whole that would just kill me
they usually serve it up with Jalapenos
in the restaurants so what I do is that
um I plunge the jalapeno into the into
the hot soup swish it around a little
bit it and it releases a lot of uh the
heat then I take it out cuz then it's
like then I can measure it to my taste
so here it
goes
the soup is a lot of
flavor I probably think we need to at
least we have the option to make it a
little bit more salty okay so I did say
earlier that uh I'm only putting in a
teaspoon of salt M and a couple of
tablespoons of the fish sauce I think we
need more right so we could always
adjust later but if you make it too
salty to begin with there's no going
back right if you overshoot it then then
you're done this is a great start in
terms of uh the depth of the beef flavor
and so I don't know if you can add fish
sauce afterwards but maybe next time
more fish sauce and then you can add it
after yeah you can so a little bit more
salty uh more of the uh fish sauce hit
and it would be have fun but it's really
good right now so okay Excuse me while I
tuck into
this all right thanks dude mhm all right
everyone make make sure you try this
recipe it you won't be disappointed it's
so good regularly it takes like 6 hours
on the stove so an hour in the instant
pot is nothing yeah and it's really
simple to make if you haven't already
subscribed please subscribe to my
channel and if you want to check out
some more Asian recipes you can check
them out down there as well till next
time be simple ordinary and joyful