welcome to what's up with Haley I'm
Haley and here's what's up it's Foods
day Tuesday and because it's about
1,000Â° in my room right now today I'm
going to teach you how to make sun
tea okay so all you need for sun tea is
a jug of water and some tea bags of your
choosing I'm going to use six then you
take part in the complicated step of
opening the tea bags oh this is so
grueling this recipe is so difficult and
now for an equally difficult step I'm
going to put the tea bags into The
Jug get in there at this point if you
want to be fancy about it you could put
in a slice of lemon or a couple slices
of orange or a sprig of fresh mint and
then go place this baby outside in Sun
here's some tea sitting outside okay so
now it's been about 3 or 4 hours and
it's time to do the really hard part I'm
going to take a glass of ice and my jug
of tea and I'm going to pour the tea
onto the ice ooh
and now I have a delicious glass of sun
tea this is so much cooler than regular
iced tea cuz the flavor is stronger and
it's prettier and nature did it if you
like your tea a little bit sweeter now
is the time to add honey or sugar or
sweetener but I like mine just sunf
flavored
mhm you taste like summer so that's how
to make yummy sun tea and that's what's
up with Haley tune in tomorrow for hump
day the sexiest day of the week and
don't forget to subscribe you are my sun
te my only Sun te you cool my face down
cuz I don't have air
[Music]
conditioning