hello and welcome to how to grow
beetroot from seed this video is
sponsored by the gift of
food.com the first step is to buy
yourself some seeds they're available at
most garden
centers step two fill a seed tray with
some compost
you can sew the seeds directly into the
ground however my experience has shown
that germination can take a long time
and can be very erratic so I'm sewing
them into seed
trays press the compost down to remove
any
air step three water the compost we're
doing this now because if you water it
when the seeds have been added it can
wash them away and disturb them
step four place the seeds on top of the
compost I add two seeds per pot in case
some seeds don't
germinate step five cover the seeds with
compost and then press down lightly to
remove any
air finally place place a label on the
train step six keep warm and watered and
the seedlings will usually appear within
14 to 21
days for continuous crops sew more seeds
every two to three
weeks step seven when the seedlings have
at least two sets of leaves it's time to
plant from
outside Mark of line using a piece of
string tied between two
sticks then dig your soil to remove any
weeds and any large stones and finally
rape
it water the beach root and then
carefully remove them from the seed tray
especially careful not to damage the
roots make a small hole then plant the
beach root making sure its roots goes
fully into the
hole plant them at a distance of 10 cm
apart
finally give the Beet tro a good
watering don't worry if at first the
Beet tro seem a bit limp and
lifeless keep watering them and after a
few days they'll recover and begin to
grow healthily
step eight keep the beach root watered
and free from
Weeds step nine when the roots reach 2
to 3 in in diameter it's time to pull
them out to the
ground twist the tops off as this
prevents
bleeding I have another video on how to
preserve and store boot Troth please
check it out on the learn howto
Channel thank you for watching the video
I hope you found it
informative please like it and please
visit the learn howto channel on my
website the GI of food.com for more
information on
gardening