hey y'all today a Lou's in the kitchen
with us again and she's going to show us
how she makes her cheesy chicken
spaghetti oh I having a whole lot of fun
you'd make a great weather woman you
know that so when the chicken comes down
in the front like
[Music]
[Applause]
this hi welcome back to another edition
of cookie Chris's dishes with the good
old boy and aun Lou and today Aunt Lou
is going to show us how she makes her
cheesy chicken spaghetti in our slow
cooker easy easy easy easy okay first I
was being
gentle anyway funny and adorable too oh
so he says we need chicken so that's
four chicken breast cubed up yes we have
back here 16 oz of spaghetti cooked al
dente this is your hard work right here
you're going to cook a box of spaghetti
in a pot like you normally would just an
Al Dente you're not going to make it
perfect and yummy you're going to leave
it just a
little yeah and then you got two t
two two cups of chicken broth right you
got a can of cream of chicken right here
can of cream of mushroom right here and
then I'm going to have to look I think
that was four green onions
shopped and then um a 16 ounce package
of pasturized cheese spread we call it V
around here yeah and honestly at my
house I use a generic brand called nice
and cheesy and um I know my other
nickname it's it's also called Mikey um
and but I still call it V around my
house and then we've got let's see
fourth of a teaspoon of pepper
nope I got you off the card four four of
a teaspoon of celery salt here before I
sneeze ew now r on the food now what put
it all in stir it all up Chop Chop did
you see that the hard work was cooking
your spaghetti so laid off hey you want
to hold this thanks that's
awesome this has already been drained by
the way most of it went in the slow
cooker this time good job monkey so
proud of you I'm going to hang on with
this we're going to need this
chicken on top of your spaghetti now he
had really large pieces of chicken and
so you know just yeah we're using fre
but they were
gigantic ginormous they were big they're
huge all right chicken right on top of
the
noodles next onions green onions on top
of the chicken and you know what you can
do this in a totally separate order if
you want to be a rade I don't care
whatever you feel like doing cheese
cheese cheese we're done with this put
that no we're going to use that we're
use that to stir stir and and
cheese right
there pepper
pepper celery salt I started to throw
that away wow that would get me in
trouble with the BX and then celery salt
right on top just like that okay spatula
we'll take don't throw that in the cream
o chicken soup that came out pretty well
I like cream of chicken soup me too
especially in like I don't know chicken
dishes or pork dishes mhm soups cuz it
is a soup put it with something it's
really good what are you doing I start
put that in the wow you're off today
okay cream of
mushroom
soup do you want to know a little um
secret of
mine whoa
T um I am not a fan of
mushrooms but you know you got to use
cream of mushroom soup in some recipes
however I have found that most of the
generic brands I use that they um
actually have smaller chunks of
mushrooms so I can handle that cuz it's
the whole texture thing and so if you're
not a fan of mushrooms buy generic
instead of a name brand and you're more
likely to um not have the great bigs in
there I got some on me that's okay I'll
clean that up later all right we will
stir here you go sir up nice lady look
at that Kim look she gave me paper
towels in case y'all don't know it we
love Kim all right so now we'll just
Stir It Up Until everything's pretty
much together yep when you look at it it
looks like a mess it really does but
it's it's a mess that smells really good
mhm and I'm betting once that chicken
gets cooked down and all that cheese
melts into them soups so good
be so good oh and then when you're done
you'll see a Sprinkle fresh grated parm
on top takes it over the
top this all right what do you think
good enough so good to you mhm okay I
did a good job L it in plug it in cover
and cook on low four four two to 3 hours
wait
what it's her recipe oh let me
see oh NOP we were both wrong actually
we were both right and both wrong see
Tada it's for low for three to four
hours yes right in the middle low 3 to
four hours that'll cook your chicken
through that'll melt your cheese that'll
make everything married together so
we'll come back in a snap and we will
show you oh wait also in here yes you're
supposed to stir it frequently cuz with
those chunks of Vita you got to Stir It
Up so everything gets a little bit of it
so this isn't a set it and walk away and
go mow your yard for 4 hours you have a
really big yard or a really small mower
but this is one of those you check and
you stir just stir I'd probably start
maybe after like the first half hour 45
minutes give that cheese a chance to
start melting give all she is
saying is give cheese a chance all right
hey we're going to come back and show
you what it looks like in 3 2 1 and
we're back and this chicken spaghetti is
done and let me tell you right now it
smell really good in this house oh my
goodness and that is a hot lid hot lid
hot lid surprise it's been on top of a
hot crock pot well let's give it a try
and see if this hot chicken spaghetti
Stir It Up So that you get all the
creaminess from the bottom oh and
something else that um I remembered
while we were making this another reason
you want to stir that is because the
chicken that's on the bottom and the
sides touching the heat directly it's
going to cook faster than the chicken
that's all the way in the middle of all
the noodles and goodness so when you
stir it it's going to turn your chicken
and so everything gets
to you'd make a great weather woman you
know that so when the chicken comes down
in a front like this oh I just about
flipped that spoon now all right so
we're stirred up it makes perfect sense
what you said though yeah cuz that
chicken in the middle is not going to
get as done as the stuff touching the
outsides
yours and
and here's sprinkle a little little bit
bigger scoop
there little bit of
Parmesan pop that lid back on there oh
yes make it snow girl make it
snow very good all right tell me what
you think tell you right
now anything with cream of chicken soup
in it I'm going to dig it anything with
cream of mushroom soup in it I'm going
to dig it so I'm going to double dig
this cuz is that's two of my favorite
things does that mean you're going to
take two bites I am going to take one
bite it looks like two m is it good
mhm what you
think I remember in
college one thing that they would serve
at the the cafeteria M was like a turkey
tetrazine or a chicken tetrazini mhm and
that reminds me a lot especially with
that parmesan Che SLE on top mhm it's
such a comfort food I am definitely a
traditionalist when it comes to
Spaghetti so my first thought when I
heard someone say chicken spaghetti was
why would you mess up a good spaghetti
with you know without meat in it you
know beef in it without the tomato sauce
this is completely different and oh my
gosh it is good it reminds me of that
tetrazini
it's creamy it's just delicious and like
you said it just come for food those
onions those green onions you can really
taste
there yep I miss me heyner chicken
spaghetti dinner I got an idea what's up
why don't you ask them if they would
like this while I continue to eat if you
like I don't know how to say all this
but I'll give it a try here we go I'll
help you along go ahead if you like what
you see here click the Subscribe or like
button but down below if you want to see
more from this channel click the
Subscribe button and button and become
part of our
cck nice family um if you want to get
notifications whenever we put up new
content then click the
dingling not my the the other
dingling and
um did I miss anything mhm don't forget
three
laugh often eat good food and Speak life
bye bye
guys wait a
[Music]
minute seem like it's a
little get the box it's fall on my
head if you want to see the latest click
on the left right here if you feel like
subscribing click on the right my dear
and if you think we're funny enough to
send us money click the patreon
[Music]
low
sh