[Music]
hey guys it's Jen from Cheetos today's
tip is going to be on my top 5 shoe hack
now if you guys own boots runners or
flats you're going to want to watch this
video because these 5 tips are really
gonna help
my number one shoe hack has to do with
getting rid of the smell out of your
shoes for runners or for flats for
instance these ones are my favorite
about to the leopard print of flats and
they do get a smell sometimes so a great
way to get rid of that is using
newspaper and putting it into the flat
like this and what happens is the
newspaper really sucks up the stink and
the smell in the shoe so this is a
really cheap and easy way to get that
smell out my number 2 hack has to do
with standing your shoes up now if you
have boots like I do like these ones are
from culture one of my favorites
they're leather boots and they're quite
expensive so I want to make sure that
they kind of keep their shape and I want
them to stand up but you don't want to
buy those super expensive shoe holders
that keep them straight you can make
your own really easily so the way you
can do it is if you have a bag and for
instance this is anorexia bag and I just
kind of cut it in half like so just cut
it in half and all you do is you fold it
like this into sort of like a couple of
times into a stance or tough like that
so it's very sturdy and all you do is
you stick this in the boot like so and
that makes your shoe stay up and you
don't have to go buy really expensive
shoe holders at all you can just use old
paper bags that you get from shopping
cut them in half and fold them and stick
them inside your shoes and there you go
cheap and recyclable shoe holders and
you get these work with all types of
boots I have them with my other boots
here which are these ones and the same
thing - let's put this just all the bags
that I put together and fold it and
they're just stuffing make it
and that's when we're - to my number
three shoe hack has to do with
stretching your shoes so if you just
bought a pair of shoes and they're kind
of tight and they're new
a great way to stretch them out is by
wearing your thickest socks and wearing
your shoes with the sock and then using
a hair dryer on the high heat and
blowing it on the shoe for about 15
minutes and make sure that you don't do
it too much because there are certain
glues in the shoe that might get torn so
just be careful of how long you do it
and if anything is coming apart for
vintage shoes you definitely want to be
careful but for newer shoes this is a
really great trick to stretch them out
for the fourth shoe hack I'm gonna have
to show you my shoe closet whenever you
purchase anything in a box don't throw
the Box away keep them to create more
room in your shoe closet this is just an
old box laid on its side and this way
you can store four pairs of shoes with
one box and if you really want to get
fancy you can decorate the box any way
you like
the fifth su hack is great if you own a
wire shoe rack I got this rack at Target
for $15 not only can you lay the shoes
normally you can also hang the heels on
the edge of the wire rack if it has open
squares you can slip the heel into it
creating more room for your heels isn't
that cool
so those are my top five shoe hacks that
every girl and guy should know I hope it
helped and I hope some of these tips did
help you with storing your shoes and
hopefully keeping them for longer and
yes thank you guys so much for watching
and remember to subscribe to my channel
and comment below you can also follow me
on my Twitter page and hang out with me
on my blog two tips that come thanks for
watching and we'll see you next time bye