hi everyone and welcome to Amy learns
the cook on the show today we're going
to make snicker doodles now my mom
always makes snicker doodles when we
were kids and they are my favorite
cookie so join me as we make snicker
[Music]
doodles so the first thing we're going
to do is we're going to put a shop inly
a lot of butter in here cuz cookies take
a lot of butter we're basically going to
put in two sticks of
butter but you know this makes quite a
few cookies so if you only eat two then
it's not too bad
right that's what they say and we're
also going to put in a cup and a half of
sugar and we're going to go ahead and
cream this and I'm using my brand my
well not my new my new to me uh seaf
foam green mixer right so this is the
first time we're actually using
it and we're going to cream this so you
got to let this go a little while maybe
a minute or two until it's fully cream
together okay so it looks like we're
nice and fluffy and one of the things
you can
tell that it's um creamed enough is you
start getting a lighter color to it so
just let it go a little bit and then
you'll get that creamed sugar and butter
so now we're going to put in some eggs
we have two eggs here we're just going
to beat them in one at a
time turn it too
high and I have this
aftermarket uh scraping blade on here I
don't think it's all that great but it
will do for now right we're also going
to put in two teaspoons of vanilla
extract and make sure you get real
vanilla um you don't want the imitation
it's a little bit more expensive but it
definitely is worth the extra expense
right so we're going to go ahead and
beat that
in so we're going to mix our dry
ingredients and I have two and 2/3 cup
of flour I'm going to put in 2 tpoon of
baking
powder that's going to give us our rise
right I'm going to put in two teaspoons
of cream of tartar this is sort of what
gives uh
snicker doodles their taste I've always
put cream of tartar in snicker doodles
some people don't but I don't know it
just gives the taste that um snicker
doodles that reminds me of snicker
doodles when it has cream of tartter
we're going to put a half a teaspoon of
salt okay and then we're going to give
this a little
whisk
and we're ready to go into the
mixer so we have our dry ingredients all
whisked together and now we're going to
go ahead and put it into the mixer so
we're going to put it on low otherwise
um it's going to go poof right if you
have a splatter um a splatter guard for
this it really helps um but
unfortunately I ordered the wrong size
so I haven't had a chance to get another
one so we're going to put this on sort
of low and we're just going to put it in
slowly speed it up a little bit once
it's
Incorporated so it doesn't get you in
the
face woo
you don't want to overbeat it so just
till the flour incorporates so now we're
ready to form our cookies so what I've
done and I I've made a little bit of
cinnamon sugar and I've put it on a
plate just a couple tablespoons of uh
sugar and mix whatever amount of
cinnamon you want till you get your
desired flavor I just usually just kind
of Judge it um some people like it
stronger I like it kind of medium and I
I have a ice cream scoop here this is
kind of a big one so we're making kind
of big cookies so um how long it Cooks
will depend on how big your scoop is
obviously it's easiest to use a scoop
because you just do this right and you
can make a lot of cookies really quickly
and from the look of Eric's face back
there he wants these cookies right away
right so I can put I usually put six on
um my sheet here I have a cookie sheet
lined with some parchment paper and this
one with these size cookies I usually
put six they don't spread a huge amount
but they spread enough enough right so
we're just going to ball the cookie into
a ball and roll it in your cinnamon
sugar and these won't be perfect by any
means
they don't need to be right because
they're going to be tasty and we're
going to put them over here on our
cookie
sheet
and we're just going to roll all these
up cover them in cinnamon sugar they
smell really good and when they bake
they're going to really smell good right
and we're going to go ahead and put all
our cookies down on our cookie sheet
here so we got our cookies all on the
cookie sheet and we are going to put
these in the oven at 3 75 and we're
going to bake these about 11 minutes it
really depends on the size of your scoop
and how big your cookies are but you
just want to watch them they're going to
be light in color they're not going to
be super brown and you want to take them
out just before they're done cuz if you
cook them all the way done by the time
they um cool they're going to be hard as
a rock right so we want to cook them
till they're just to the underdone stage
we'll take them out and they will finish
cooking on the rack so our cookies are
done I may have overdone them a little
bit but that's okay they look good to me
we're going to go ahead and take them
off wow they look tasty and I'm using my
little fish spatula um this is great for
cookies and um this was sent to me by
Elite Chef thank you Elite Chef if
you're interested in one of these check
out my video on the fish batch I'll put
it in the description so we're going to
go ahead and load this up again and do
another batch so our second batch of
cookies is done and they look really
really
nice and we're just going to take them
off using our little fish spatula again
wow these ones I cooked perfectly the
other ones I was sort of doing the
dishes so I let them go a little longer
these cooked exactly 11
minutes and and they look really really
good the fish spatula works really good
to pick up delicate items like cookies
and we're going to go ahead and load up
our plate once again I actually have two
extra so I'm going to go ahead
and cook up eight on this one if they
happen to go
together that's okay I'll just have to
eat two at once right and we're going to
go ahead and put these in for another 11
minutes the cookies are done and now
we're ready to take a taste and let me
tell you they smell so outstandingly
good wow I'm going to tell you baked
cookies don't buy them I go to a place
down the street from where I work and
for two cookies they want like a
$150 take these package two up in a
sandwich bag you have cookies for the
whole week for you your kids everybody
right so we're going to go ahead and
take a taste and these we slightly
undercooked them so when you open them
up they're nice and moist wow they look
really really
good and they taste really
good
M let me tell you you can't buy cookies
this good these are so
good the cream of tartar gives it a
little bit of a
Tang that I'm used to in snicker doodles
you can make them without that if you
don't like the Tang but to me that
little bit of Tang that's the taste of a
Snicker
doodle wow it's so so
good fresh baked snicker doodles out of
this
world if you like this recipe please
subscribe below and leave me a comment
and a like and visit my website at
amylearnstocook
docomo on Twitter and Pinterest at
amylearnstocook
[Music]
I