[Music]
now if you're looking for a custom poker
table but you don't want to Shell out
the big two three 4,000 bucks for it I
think we got something for you this is
the ultimate poker table and it's a 92in
full size poker table it'll see 10 even
11 players very very comfortably and
features of course the uh drop in cup
holders the droing cup holders now these
things will actually catch your your
drinks your U Coke cans your beer cans
and actually keep them from from
spilling over which is huge um
definitely expands the uh the life of
the table uh but actually what's the
most cool thing about the ultimate poke
table is that it comes with a removable
plane surface so the scenario would
probably be I mean you guys are playing
late at night on a Friday and somebody
spills something uh traditionally once
you spill something on your table you
got a big old stain and I mean nobody
wants to play on a stained poker table
so with the with the functionality of
the removable plane surface you just hop
online you buy another plane surface
instead of the entire table you pop it
back in Dam brand new table uh the plain
surface the ultimate uh ultimate po
table is a cotton SL on blend guarantee
will never ever fuzz on you it has the
industry most plush uh plain surface
phone this thing about about a half an
inch um I mean I'm not sure if you guys
see it too well but I mean this this
chip completely sinks in it's very very
plush high density armrests um it's
going to be I mean your friends are just
going to be like wow this thing is is
you know well constructed it's very very
plush very very it feels good and
ultimately that's what you want your
pokker table to do you feel good as
you're winning your money as you're
stacking you stack everything on this
wood race track right here um it's
everything that you're looking for in a
custom table except for the big old
price tag um so you know if you're
looking for something that showcase your
your game room or your or your poker
room this might be the one for you uh
the ultimate poker table comes in red
blue green and black um and shrips out
immediately