welcome back to how of barbecue R today
I got a recipe for you I know you're
going to love it goes great for another
football food it's going to be a
pineapple pork Kebab with a barbecue
sweet and sour sauce we're going to be
using a Whole pork loin that we're going
to portion out we're going to use some
fresh pineapple and we're going to make
this awesome sauce to go with it at the
very end it's going to have a little
sweetness a little tanginess but it's
also going to have that barbecue flavor
let's get started so we're starting with
the 5 lb porkloin today and the first
thing you want want to do is get it out
of the packaging rinse it off and get it
patted dry there's going to be a little
bit of trimming required you always want
to remove the silver skin on the
porkloin there's usually a little piece
of the chain that you want to trim off
you're just cleaning it up so we have
some nice clean pieces then I take the
porkloin put it on the cutting board and
slice it right in half lengthwise all
the way down and then we're just going
to cube it up into equal siiz pieces
they're about an inch thick you don't
have to just get them real close to the
same size we're also going to take some
fresh fresh pineapple get it chunked up
and that's what we're going to build our
kebabs with here today so I'm using
metal skewers today for these kebabs and
you can use the wooden skewers if you
like just make sure you get them soaked
in some water for a couple hours to keep
them from burning and we're just going
to start uh putting this porkloin and
pineapple on these kebabs so I'm going
to start with a piece of pineapple and I
like to use the fresh pineapple it's a
little firmer it's going to hold up to
some of the heat more so than the canned
stuff that's been soaking in juices and
then we're just going to take our pieces
of pork pork and thread it on the Kebab
we're just going to alternate pineapple
and pork till we get them all built that
looks like a perfect Kebab to me now I'm
going to knock the rest of these out
real quick we'll show you how we're
going to season these and get them ready
for the grill so now we have all the
kebabs assembled need to get a little
seasoning on them and today I'm using my
barbecue rub this killer Hogs Le
barbecue rub you can use any kind of
seasoning you want just make sure it
goes good with pork um ours really adds
a lot to the pineapple too too it's got
some brown sugar which is going to kind
of uh caramelize a little bit and make
that pineapple even a little more
sweeter and it goes great on the pork
I'm just giving them a nice coat we're
going to flip them over do the same
thing the other side you don't have to
go real heavy so now we got them all
flipped we're just going to season this
side as
well a good even coat on it all right
we've got them all seasoned here these
kebabs look ready for the grill but we
want to let them hang out a few minutes
perfect time to go outside and fire up
the grill we going to get some lump coal
going in my Kong today we're going to
get these dudes on let's get on it okay
so we're out at the Kong I've got some
lump coal in it I've got it fired up
it's some about 300° that's right where
I want to cook these we're kind of uh if
you're cooking on another Grill you just
want a good medium fire right around
that 300° Mark we want to you know
slowly cook that porkloin we're not
trying to sear it real fast we don't
want to burn our pineapple up so I'm
just going to get these kebabs right on
the grate and eight kebabs fills this
Grill up perfect it's a great size for
the Kong now need to get the lid closed
and let them do its job and you want to
add just a little bit of wood on here we
don't want too much so I'm just using
one piece of Hickory on there give it a
little bit of light smoke that's going
to be perfect for these pork pineapple
kebabs so we're going to just maintain
our temperatures here on the Kong
holding it steady at 300° we're cooking
these porkloin kebabs today to a
temperature of about 145 internal that's
right where you want them so they're
still moist and juicy so we'll just kind
of keep an eye on them it's probably
going to take about an hour hour 15
minutes something like that we'll turn
turn them halfway through but we're
going to watch them use one of our
thermop poops to check the internal
temperature way we know where we're at
we're not going to overcook them cuz we
don't want them dry while the pork uh
kebabs are cooking let's go inside and
show you how I make this barbecue sweet
and sour sauce it's real simple you're
going to love it while the kebabs are
cooking outside I want to show you how
I'm going to put together this sweet and
sour barbecue sauce first I'm going to
start with some pineapple juice and some
rice wine vinegar we're going to add
some sugar some ketchup and some
barbecue sauce to this mixure mixture to
get it to thicken up I put a little bit
of a cornstarch slurry in there that's
just um one tbspoon of cornstarch with 2
tbspoon of water that's going to thicken
it up we're going to bring this mixture
to a bowl over medium high heat and once
it comes to a bowl we're just going to
reduce it down and stir it for 2 minutes
and then this is what you're going to
get after it thickens up it's going to
make a nice uh glaze for this pork
kebabs that we're doing out there it's
also going to be the finishing dipping
sauce you can see this is still warm we
can cool a little bit before we glaze
okay it's been about 30 minutes these uh
pineapple and pork kebabs have been
cooking on the Kong here I want to check
them out it's time to go ahead and get a
flip on them they look good oh I like
that one that one's got some Char that's
what I want to see man get them all
caramelized
caramelized all right all right let's
keep letting them roll they're still got
a little ways to go won't be long though
they're looking good all right at this
point you know we're half hour in just
got to keep that temp steady we'll check
them in another 15 minutes I don't want
to go too far I want them to to get done
still be tender and juicy that's the
important part okay it's been about an
hour these pineapple pork kebabs have
been on and I know they should be about
done they're looking really good we got
some good grill marks going on them so
I'm just going to check a few oh yeah
they're tender as they can be I know
they're done they've been cooking for
about an hour they got some good grill
marks what we want to do right before we
take them up is get a little bit of this
glaze on them we're going to get this
barbecue sweet and sour sauce right over
the top of these kebabs it's just going
to help them moisten up just a little
bit it's going to add a little extra
sweetness on them it's going to make
them real good we'll let it go on one
side just for a couple minutes we don't
want them to burn we'll flip them over
do the same thing to the other side and
then these kebabs are going to come off
they're going to be ready to eat get the
lid closed let that glaze work just a
few minutes so we glazed the back side
now I flipped them over glazing this
side that'll be all we need just a few
minutes woo these kebabs are looking
good today and I wish y' could smell
them they are unbelievable we got to let
this side go just a few more minutes and
it's dinner time all right it's time to
get these pineapple pork kebabs off
they've glazed enough and wow they look
good I'm just going to pile them up on
my platter here that's what I call a
platter of Kebabs right there pineapple
pork can't beat it all right we've got
our pork pineapple kebabs all ready to
serve before we try one you know I can't
wait I want to just talk about what we
did real quick we started with the whole
pork loin trimmed it up got rid of the
silver skin split it down the middle cut
it into even pieces we skewered it with
fresh pineapple buil her kebabs seasoned
them with a little bit of the barbecue
rub hey use any rub you want out there
whatever you like on pork is great we
grilled them 30 minutes on one side
flipped them over cooked them about
another 30 minutes but check the
internal temperature just to be safe you
want it to at least 145 in that pork
loin the last few minutes we put
together that sweet and sour barbecue
sauce glazed them on both sides and they
only need a minute or two over those hot
coals and that's all it is that's a
simple recipe you can do this on game
day now let's try one I'm going to get
me some pineapple off here get me some
pork loin just's cut a little bite here
woo that's on
time wow that's really got an amazing
flavor to it the pineapple goes so well
with pork and that barbecue rub just
brings it out and we got that sweet and
sour sauce to sweeten it up a little bit
and it gives you a little Tang in that
vinegar I'm going back in for another
bite of that porkloin
I love the way the sweet and the sour
plays in this recipe so good with
pineapple and pork y'all got to try it
hey if you like what we're doing here at
how to barbecue Ro you know you can
subscribe to our Channel it'll let you
know when we put these videos out you
can also find us on Facebook and Twitter
we'd love to answer those questions
there we'll see you next time