[Music]
hello my lovelies today's video is a
little bit different but it's still a
simple recipe for a simple life I'd like
to talk to you today about soap nuts
okay
it's a really good way to use an
all-natural cleaner in your home for
when you don't want to use vinegar and
water you need something a little bit
stronger or you want something to sides
up now you can use this for cleansing in
your home as dish soap spray for your
counters laundry detergent or you can
actually make this into a body wash or
shampoo for your hair and it's really
really healthy I here for shampoo I
haven't tried it yet but that's what
today's video is all about I am going to
try it so far I've only used it as a
laundry detergent and so long as your
clothes aren't really really stained it
works very well it's extremely
economical and it'll last a long time
and this basically is what the bag looks
like so it's soap nuts soap berries
there an actual plant and see this green
dot Awards USDA Organic echo certified
so doesn't get any more natural than
this okay and I'll show you what it
looks like
they actually are little plant berries
they're berries that grow on trees and
they're dehydrated of course their heart
and what I'm doing here is I am going to
boil them and when they boil in here see
how it's already sudsing up
so it's gonna make just a liquid soap
now it will come with a in in a Muslim
bag but there will also come a small
Muslim bag and I can't seem to find wine
I think it's in my laundry room but it's
something my bag came about that size
and this is just one I've got but whose
about that size and all you do for a
laundry detergent if you wash in hot
water is take some of these berries put
them in the little muslin bag that comes
with it and close it up
be sure and tie it really good you don't
want them to come out in your in your
clothes they won't hurt the clothes but
you want to be able to reuse it because
one bag with about six berries will do
about six to ten washes you just take
your your bag out set it aside it'll dry
out between loads and you just throw it
in and that's all you do so long as
you're washing and hot water
unless you've boiled them first
so once I've made the liquid soap I can
do one of two things I'm going to just
put the liquid once it's cooled off in
this old bottle and I'm gonna keep that
in my laundry room and literally a
tablespoon will do a whole load but then
I will take the actual berries that have
boiled down and then I'll put them in my
Muslim bag so I can use liquid or the
bag once they boiled you can just take
them straight out of this bag put them
in this bag and use them in hot water
but not cold and most of my laundry's
washed and cold okay so I can take this
liquid and I can use it in laundry I can
use it as dish soap I can put it in the
bathroom for a
hand wash a body wash a shampoo I can
use it to clean my bathroom with my
kitchen with my sinks my counters even
my toilet whatever you want to do it's
just a good all-purpose soap and look at
how frothy that's getting it really is
liquid soap it's kind of resemblance of
a liquid castile soap but it's much
milder on your hair it's supposed to be
really healthy and makes your hair real
soft it's real gentle on your hair catch
that before your boils over barely
barely caught that in time didn't I so
what I'm gonna do once this is all
finishes I'm gonna show you an
alternative which is just using a hand
mixer and making it really really rich
and thick so I'll come back and do that
in just a moment
alright it boiled as long as that I felt
it needed to a good ten minutes or so
and then I cooled it down all the way so
that I could handle it and I wash my
dishes with it and I'm including a
picture there so you could see how much
it suds stuff in the water now as soon
as I started putting dishes in it the
suds disappeared but I could still feel
the soap in the water and I was fine
with that because I knew it was there
and it clean my dishes really well the
difference between this and the
commercial brands that I've been washing
my dishes with even though they say
they're soft on hands they're really not
and I generally run for the lotion as
soon as I'm done if I'm not wearing
gloves which I never wear gloves because
they just feel weird anyway with this I
I didn't feel the need to run for lotion
my hands were soft when after I washed
my dishes so what I did is I put the
majority of it here in this just for
using with laundry and like I said just
about a tablespoon laundry or dishes
cleaning around the house and then I
took a little bit of it and put it in
here in this separate one because I
added a little bit of lavender and
rosemary essential oils and that's the
sense that I generally used when I make
a shampoo or even sometimes my body bars
because lavender and rosemary are really
good for your hair so I'm really anxious
to try this out on my hair if it does as
well as I think because it's softened my
hands I think it's gonna soften my hair
too so I think it's gonna be fine now I
didn't throw out those soap nuts because
now that they've been boiled and
activated I can put them in the little
linen bag and I can also use that to
wash clothes with and like I said one
small bag which I'd say about five or
six nuts about that amount in a little
bag will do at least five loads of
laundry and you'll know when it's
to change them because they'll just kind
of break down and just become mush
inside that bag and you'll feel it when
you take them out of the washer and then
you know you know when it's not sudsy
enough anymore that's when it's time to
change them but it really has been
economical I had this bag for a really
long time and I'll try and find where I
bought them from couldn't even begin to
to pronounce it naturally now there you
go naturally and I'll look forward and
if I can find a link I'll link it down
below
hope you enjoyed this video give you a
little something a little bit different
to look at I do have a couple different
videos of natural products I do think I
did the tooth powder and then I did my
own cleansing method for my face and
these are things I just really really
feel passionate about I think that we
need to be aware of the toxins that we
put on our body just as much as the
toxins we put in our body so I'll try to
to do other various recipes like this
for you as we go along have a good day
guys