hey everybody do you've no back
prevention pest control youtube got
something really cool today that we
stumbled across earlier so I grabbed
Mike and said let's go get some video of
this this thing called a cicada killer
you don't see them very often they look
almost like a big Hornet but their
actual wasps and this guy's been flying
around and have Mike try to get some
video of him flying around real quick
before we lose him he's on the sidewalk
here but this is what's called the
cicada killer now there's a couple of is
good they're all coming right back here
where we need them to and what happens
is these guys will go after cicadas the
female will sting the cicada paralyze it
they will physically bear-hug it and fly
it back to their nest this area right
here with this fire hydrant just happens
to be the area where they're at so I'm
gonna show you a couple of things here
this whole he's actually dug this hall
and kicked out the dirt there's some
other holes here that they've also used
and what they would do is they'll bring
back that cicada drag the body into the
actual hole and that cicada killer will
actually lay its eggs on the cicada
itself the young ones will hatch and
actually eat that cicada as food to get
them going
so they'll paralyze the cicada drag the
body back and throw it into these holes
and that's what they do it's it's rare
to see it out in the open like this so
that's why we thought it might be a good
thing to show you something different
than the normal termites and carpenter
ants and things like that they will not
sting you
I'm sure if you grabbed one I got him
angry enough he would you know defend
himself
but as you can see here this is a church
and this is a sidewalk so thinking a lot
of kids walk in here so the church
doesn't want this going on so we're
going to take care of it he's actually
checking out the gas pipeline flag now
just checking it out but something a
little different when to show you what a
cicada killer is and you'll see their
layers and things like that so if you
see a bunch of these buzzing around
somewhere just start looking for the
holes in the ground and that's an
indication and that's where they're at
okay and I need something a little
different
so until next time we'll keep our eyes
open if we see something cool like this
we'll always be back to YouTube have a
good one we'll see you next time