hey everybody this is David from plumia
Treasure I just wanted to do a quick
video
today uh talking about the benefits of
trimming your Plumeria tree I get this
question uh quite a bit so I thought I'd
uh just put together some quick pointers
for you uh first of all it is very
beneficial to trim your Plumeria tree
there's a number of uh benefits you can
get from it one is if you're like me and
you need to bring your plumaria tree
into the house
uh sometimes it just gets a little bit
too big so trimming the tree down to uh
make it easy for you to get it in and
out of the house uh will certainly uh
help you out a
lot now another benefit of trimming your
Plumeria
tree comes from the example right here
you can see where I've trimmed the
branch this Branch was growing off in a
very uh odd angle so I needed to cut it
down but what happens is
right below the cut I'm going to have
two new branches that are now growing in
in place there so we all know that when
you have more branches you have more
opportunities for flowers so if you want
to uh have your tree so that it it has
more branches so that's full uh it's
nice and filled out then if you trim it
you'll you'll be able to generate more
branches now my tree is uh going dormant
it's uh of course the first to November
so a lot of the leaves have fallen
off now another benefit of trimming your
Plumeria tree is the fact that you can
make new plants from the cuting so
you'll have an opportunity to give these
away to your friends or family uh as
gifts or uh or just something nice to
share with others so uh trimming the
tree is certainly beneficial you can uh
create a nice look by having branches
growing in in parts of the area of the
tree that might be a little bit bald uh
you can have uh more flowers uh you can
get it to fit inside uh the particular
area where you want to grow your tree
and of course you'll have free things to
give away to your friends which always
makes everybody happy so hopefully uh
this will answer some of your questions
about trimming your tree um next I'll
show you how you can go ahead and take
that branch that you've trimmed off and
grow a new one