morning welcome to Viking preparedness I
am pastor Joe Fox and I have some
exciting stuff to share with y'all sort
of stay
tuned Q train kep a rolling live
version and all the things okay hey
we're back hey I made a watermelon wine
video a little bit down if you just
searched my videos not that far back
there got a lot of comments a lot of
naysayers those who are not actually in
the arena telling me how I messed it all
up and it wasn't going to work and it
too much sugar H well uh as you can
imagine if you've watched the last
couple videos kind of forgot about the
wine for a while came back thought it
might be vinegar it was not vinegar uh
it's good and so let me show you my
update we're still working it here
here's the what I got out of the gallon
of wine I made now you'll notice a a
clear less clear less clear and it looks
like a what is that tomato sauce or
tomato soup or juice or something here's
what I did normally I think normally
when one makes wine like I know what I'm
talking
about but I had the impression that all
the fruit chunks would sink to the
bottom well in my case the all the
watermelon stuff was floating near the
top and so what I wanted to do was stick
like a tube like an Aquarian tube or
surgical tubing or something like that
down into the bottle and uh Suck It Off
from underneath the must I believe
that's called must uh yeah we don't have
a tube I don't have time to get one I've
got a lot of things to do today that
don't involve this but I didn't want
this sitting around like it was and so I
poured it uh through a canning funnel
into these canning jars with some
cheesecloth the same cheesecloth type
stuff I used before and so that's why
it's clear less clear less clear um we
tasted
it a lot of people said it's going to be
really sweet wine and I don't really
like sweet wine I'm a Mero cab saav kind
of guy um it's not that sweet I just had
like a straw full of it all right dog
get I'm making a video go
on
puppy
um it definitely has a kick to it oh wow
uh I need to get one those strips you
can get strips that uh let you know how
much alcohol content in it it it's
Stout it definitely has alcohol in it I
could tell by tasting it and it tastes
now I was tasting off of this stuff
right here um it tastes like watermelon
not like watermelon but you can you can
tell that there's watermelon in it that
it's created from watermelon this stuff
down here on the end I don't know if
we're going to be able to drink it I
smelled the bottle when we got down to
that part and uh it it has a yeasty
smell to it so it might not be good um
but we're going to put these in a cool
place I've sealed them up and uh let
them continue to do what they do
hopefully they'll settle out even more
and then by then I'll have a tube and
I'll you know siphon off the top of it
and so we have nice clear wine uh but
it's not too sweet and again I don't
like sweet wine so I would tell you if
it was and it definitely has a kick so
it made alcohol uh from watermelons we
grew here on the land first year we've
ever been able to successfully grow
watermelons and we did really well and
here it is what November 8th and I'm
going to go pick another watermelon
today I think it'll be good um probably
won't do a video on that you guys are
probably getting tired of watermelons
but November and I'm picking a
watermelon if this is global warming
give me
more all right hey watermelon wine
update I'll let you know we'll probably
have a little party eventually in a
month or so and uh we'll let the Saints
tell you what they think about it all
right all right hey do what you can with
what you got where you are be careful
today I'll see youall out there