[Music]
hi I'm John from VM kitchen the question
I get asked most of all is how to make y
puddings I'm going to show you how I
make y puddings first thing you need is
a dish that you're going to measure
everything out into I find equal
quantities of milk flour and eggs gives
you the desired results so I'm going to
show you what to do so we've got a
little ramkin dish here which is milk
right up to the top pour that into your
bowl now you want exactly the same
quantities of eggs so give your eggs a
crack right to the top exactly the same
as the milk into
there and get flour same quantity of
flour exactly the same
way and as we're whisking put your flour
in now the trick is is to get all that
flour mixed into your egg and your milk
mix the consistency we're looking for is
a bit like double cream the main trick
to making Yorkshire puddings is a hot
oven have your pudding tray already in
there with a little bit of oil about a
tablespoon if that half a tablespoon of
oil in each one of your little pudding
trays so once you got your hot tray with
your hot oil already going pour in
gently into each one of those trays in
the meantime whiskey batter up nice and
Fir so when you've got your flour all
Incorporated in there a little bit of
salt a little bit of pepper not too
much and what I like to add is about a
tablespoon of water I find what this
does is it gives you a little slightly
crisper batter but gives you a nice
soggy Center really about a
tablespoon you see the consistency we've
got is roughly that of double cream
we're going to pour into a jug to make
it easier to pour into our y pudding
tray so we've got our o puding in the
oven we're going to bake them at 200 for
about 30 35 minutes after about 20
minutes just turn your Roven down a
little bit turn it down to about 170 160
this will just help cook through the
center of the or puddings beautiful
crisp golden brown well- risen York
puddings perfectly Sunday
[Music]
roast