hello hi everybody Gabe here from the
Hawaii Institute of self-reliance
welcome back Mahalo for watching in
today's video we're harvesting vanilla
bean yes me and my buddy Gary are gonna
harvest some vanilla bean he has quite a
bit of vanilla growing on his homestead
and it is mature enough to start really
in the next couple years pumping out
vanilla beans plenty of them my property
as you can see there's a no bean right
here
buying mine aren't as mature and they're
not pumping out vanilla beans as much as
my buddy Gary's homestead so don't go
away and check out vanilla bean harvest
on this one all right okay so we're
about to get some rain probably about a
week maybe even a little bit longer
constant rain and it's already been
raining for the past week or so and
we're gonna harvest these vanilla beans
how you tell that they're ready is so so
yellow at the tip and then you don't
want it to split so if it starts to
split you harvest them and these are not
the most developed but they're ready to
be harvested and here you go and he's
gonna harvest these three right now
there you go there's these
better-looking specimens put them off
now you have to dry these and the whole
process takes about what four weeks and
we'll harvest me these cuz they're
little green but we're expecting lots of
rain so they're developed enough to
where we just don't want to risk you
definitely don't want to risk this
harvest because vanilla is pricey right
now $5 South American plant vine and
it's just growing out of the ground here
just grows up the tree and cacao and
vanilla grow well together
you just have to spot the little vanilla
knees
it looks like I don't see any more at
least not because some now I'm Way up
here he seems like the climb you know so
I took that down brannad pack tap you
putting it back down but I think we need
to cut these out of here and put them
someplace else before they're out of
reach there's a hole use the flower
there's a flower right here Gary Oh what
do you know about that now that's
unusual see there's a bunch of them
right there see these are gonna open up
into a flower and this might even open
up as early as tomorrow I'm glad you saw
that cuz that's unusual you don't see it
until April usually mm-hmm this is
pretty early wow that's a good time I
guess it's like in this spot it loves it
really this is the best plan yeah the
cacao and the vanilla together so we're
just this thing you see right here when
we just clip the bean top huh it grows
out of it knew that each leaf hopefully
yeah turns into this thing flowers open
up we fertilize and then we can you make
a video on that
go away I'm on my buddy's homestead here
in Hawaii my buddy Gary him and his wife
grow Mac nuts cacao and some vanilla
mainly Mac nuts and cacao some other
vegetables and and he likes to grow bok
choy but anyway this is part of his
vanilla bean harvest it's not the
craziest harvest but hey we don't have
to pay for vanilla which is ridiculous
the price of it right now at the time of
this filming and this is you know
probably 100 150 dollars with the
vanilla right here of course it's going
to be dried and that'll take about a
month this is the Rye pused bean and
this is when you should harvest them but
of course it's raining and it will be
raining for a while so we're harvesting
them green so there you go then never be
nervous
Hawaii okay so what we're going to do
before we drive the vanilla beans and
cure them we have to shock them in to
stop any growth because they're quite
green right this one is the most yellow
starting to split you don't want that
this is the most ripe one in the bunch
so we're going to put them in a pot of
boiling water
[Music]
drop them on the ground
[Music]
one on the ground
you know we're gonna boil the beans for
about a minute and that'll shock them
and yeah stop growing
turn it off and then let it sit there
you smell like weird smell orchid orchid
it's like kind of an orchid I smile well
it's basically an orchid right so
they're kind of losing their shine a
little bit there cook them too long
means a starts play yeah so you wanna
cook them for about a minute boil one
for about a minute
probably
yeah I can see
every changing color
they sound like to sink I think it sink
maybe they want to come out
yeah let's take out the sneakers first
the other ones faster
like the less green they are the pasture
they probably yeah because some of these
are not quite right but there are you
can harvest them it's just not
part they don't smell like vanilla at
all that's nothing working like a kind
of a green orchid flower kind of smell
being dead yeah
kind of dark
[Music]
they're slippery
[Music]
fresh green beans so these are ready to
dry and to cure and they're gonna change
appearance quite a bit of overseeing
dried vanilla bean it's very different
[Music]
dried vanilla beans right here and
they're gonna turn into that and they're
all done that's what we're looking for
right here
[Music]
smell road there
but Noah that's medicinal for sure oh
yeah just the smell it's like a fine
Seaguar yeah so the cured and dried
vanilla beans smell really good these
are just green so they don't really
smell they smell like an orchid good
it's not like a pleasant orchid smoke
okay here the vanilla beans they're
about a week-and-a-half
dry and yeah they smell real vanilla
like so basically what you do is after
you boil them you put them in the oven
and don't turn the oven on
just turn your light your oven light on
and that'll drive in that's an
alternative to drying them in the Sun
and lay them out on a towel like this
dry them in the Sun and then at night
roll up the towel and then just keep
repeating that for about four weeks here
are the vanilla beans about three weeks
drying and you want to sweat them wrap
them up in a towel at night and keep
them warm and here they are here's the
little ones it's a good harvest and yeah
there you go
about three weeks drying they smell
really good like vanilla yeah it smells
really good
[Music]
here are the beans they've been drying
for about four weeks and they're ready
to use ready to rock and they definitely
have a vanilla smell and flavor there
you go
that's how to harvest and sweat vanilla
beans it's not the perfect harvest it's
not the most abundant but hey you know
that's like 100 and $150 or the vanilla
bean right there that we don't have to
buy at the store to add to the chocolate
so it's brilliant right and my buddy
Gary like I was saying he has plenty of
mature vanilla bean vine growing all
over his property his homestead
concentrates on Mac nuts he's basically
a Mac net farmer that does cacao and a
whole bunch of other things like
vegetables and he's actually obsessed
with plants I have a couple of friends
that have homesteads that are just kind
of obsessed with plants that like buy
exotic plants for no real reason other
than just to have them right it's cool I
dig it and you know I'll do that
sometimes too but they're just obsessed
with it you know like I have one buddy
Chris he's seen him in a couple videos
he goes to a Wahoo to this nursery and
he'll drop you know a couple thousand
dollars on exotic trees you know and
it'll only have one or two of them you
know in this whole life and there's what
can you do with that I mean maybe in
like five 10 years it'll start producing
fruit and you can enjoyably you're not
gonna make money off of it so these
people that are obsessed with plants
it's really cool and I really like
plants but there's some people out there
that are just obsessed and it's pretty
cool so I'm gonna wrap this video up
right here I definitely got to do more
harvest videos it's kind of slowed down
right now because it's winter but in the
next month or two it's gonna start
picking up and I'm gonna do tons of
harvest videos and I hope you guys enjoy
this video and please like this video
comment on this video subscribe to my
channel and share this video and hit
that Bell symbol to get notifications
for when I upload a video
you can watch it and tell me what to
think and until next time I loo here are
the blossoms to the mountain Apple right
before they become an apple or start to
become an apple there it is is this
beautiful whole blossom and there's a
bee that's really cool
ah some beautiful blossoms these will
become Mountain apples