hey this is Tony here with salt strong
and in this video I want to go over
using a hand reel or some call it a
yo-yo reel to catch yourself some fish
now if you're out on the water and you
like to challenge yourself when catching
fish this is definitely um a challenging
thing to use it seems very simple it is
very simple it's just a piece of plastic
uh with line wrapped around it and you
can put whatever type of hook or bait or
Sinker or anything on it that you like
depending on what you're trying to fish
for now I actually went out on the water
uh with a hand reel brought it with me
and got on a school of black drum and
was able to hook up to a pretty nice
size black drum he was overs slot around
26 27 in long just using this simple
little piece of plastic with some line
on it the yo-yo reel now there are
different types out there this is the
simplest and easiest to use which is
just the basic plastic Reel with the
line on it you have to put the line on
it yourself but um it's the simplest I
found to use I also have another reel
it's it's called a flip reel now I had
some issues with this one because it
does have a rubber um has a rubber lip
on it and it kind of hinders your
casting ability because the line will
rub on it they say to wet it down and
it'll help the line come off easier but
it just really didn't cast very well so
I wasn't too impressed with it but um
that's another option you have this is
called a flip reel it's small compact
and that rubber lip wraps around the
spool of the reel to help keep that line
tucked away now back to the original
plastic reel again this is the best one
to use that I found um the other one
that I had was the only one I had at the
time when I was fishing so I used that
one made it work and it worked pretty
good but when you are using this one
when you're spooling your line onto the
Reel I put a a piece of electrical tape
around the spool first and then put the
line around and that will keep the line
from spinning freely on the spool as if
it would be if you were using braid on a
regular uh spinning reel you want to
make sure you have something around the
spool to keep that line from spinning
freely on the spool and then I just used
12 lb monofilament wrapped it on there
about 150 yards or so uh fits this reel
pretty well and then I went a little
modern with the rigging I put a 2 to 3ft
piece of fluorocarbon attached to the
mono with a uni to Uni knot and then on
the end I just attached a jig head a 1/8
o jig head with a loop knot on the end
because what I like to use with this was
the gulp shrimp uh for catching these
drum also works for red fish very well
you just cast it out there in front of
the drum wherever you find them if you
can find a school it's a lot easier
because you just drop this into the
school and they'll pick it up and that's
pretty much how this works now I want to
go over how to actually cast this so
let's take a look all right so when you
are casting this reel you'll you'll
notice on the Reel there is a longer lip
you want that lip facing the direction
that you're going to cast and when you
do cast you want to let out a little bit
of line make sure if you're using a
leader the leader is all the way out so
that knot doesn't get tangled up on
anything and there's a couple ways you
can do this you want to have enough line
out so that you have enough room to
swing The Lure around to throw it out
and also put your thumb on the spool
where the line is to keep it from uh
popping off or unraveling and causing or
anything like that so you're going to
face the spool out to where you're going
to cast you can either swing this around
like so let a bit little bit of line
out you can swing it
around throw it out like so when reeling
back in you basically just hold the line
guide it back onto the spool spinning
the spool around with your other hand
like so and you can bring it in now for
a shorter cast you you can just hold the
weight that you're using or the lure
that you're using and just throw it out
as far as you can this is better for
shorter casts again face the spool out
into the direction that you will be
casting make sure your thumb's out of
the way
there make sure the spool is facing out
just throw the lure
out now if you do hook up to a larger
fish that's going to pull a lot of line
you have to keep in mind that there
isn't much give on the line when you're
using a hand reel it's just straight to
the Reel the only stretch you really
have is in the line itself so to keep
from break the line breaking what you're
going to do is pretty much just Palm the
spool like so put your palm on it and as
that fish takes line just put pressure
on the spool and your hand is going to
act like the drag for that spool you can
also place it up against your body and
let the fish take line like that and
that'll um also give pressure on the
spool so that the fish can take line
without breaking you off
now if the fish is running really hard
what you'll have to probably do is just
let the spool uh free spool so face face
the um outside edge of that spool the
casting side of the spool out towards a
fish just let it take line if you need
to slow the line down you can kind of
put your hand on the spool and slow that
line down a little bit or like I stated
before you can just put it up against
your body or use your hand as a drag
system to put pressure on the spool now
when you're all done using it to store
it away just WRA up all the line into
the spool and then just dig the hook
into the line that is on the
spool and it's all good to go store it
away just remember if you're using Gulp
or any of those type of soft Plastics
just remove it so it doesn't dry out
especially if you're not using this for
a while so now that you have seen how to
properly use the handline I have some
footage of me out in the water hooking
up to a nice black drum using a handline
pretty cool footage so let's go ahead
and take a
look
so me and my buddy were on a school of
drum and they ended up splitting up and
scattering all around and had some go
right by me there on the kayak I tossed
the gulp shrimp in from the hand reel
and hooked up almost
immediately and my buddy was also hooked
up with another drum as you can see him
there in the side of the
[Music]
screen
it was definitely hard controlling the
fish uh from the kayak because he ended
up pulling me backwards and I'd have to
get my rods out of the way and it was uh
kind of a show trying to get this fish
in on this
[Music]
handline and again this was the flip
hand reel that I was using cuz I didn't
have one of those plastic ones yet but
the plastic ones are definitely a lot
easier to use this one was a little
Troublesome because you couldn't let it
free spool on your hand and CM it to let
the fish
run after about 5 minutes finally got
them into the
[Music]
kayak now here at the end you'll see a
failed attempt at me and my buddy trying
to get a double hookup
picture
[Music]
so that will wrap up this video on using
a handline to catch yourself some inore
fish now again this is a little
challenging to do but it's very
rewarding when you can catch a pretty
nice sized fish on probably the simplest
of gear you can use now if you have any
questions about this please feel free to
leave a comment down below also if
you're wondering where exactly these
fish were caught you're going to want to
take a look at our salt strong Insider
membership go to saltstrong.com
/ inssider and check out our Insider
membership where we give you very
detailed fishing reports showing you
exactly where we're catching fish and
most importantly the trends that are
going on depending on the time of year
that we're fishing weather conditions
time of day and all of those factors so
that you can catch yourself some fish
whether it be in those exact spots or
different areas where you may live that
are similar to the spots that we're
fishing so definitely take a look at
that until then I'll see you on the next
video
[Music]