[Music]
hi guys welcome to day three of the
Haley Pelt blog and thank you so much
for commenting on my videos thus far I'm
going to really like to my teabag club
from yesterday it turns out that was
quite a funny one that's good and today
I'm going to be showing you another
helpful hack I gave you on yesterday and
guess what you're going to get double
dosage
today it is another helpful hack right
so with school coming backgrounds our
kids are going to be running off or like
this is quite useful for people who have
work as well and maybe you're a bit
primed for an extra gene or to not like
hearing yourselves but I mean a spinning
food so I might keep still food guns of
all the time and no matter how hard I
tell them like when they get in from
school take two tops of paper t shirts
up and get changed in just write
something together
they never listen and a fan favorite in
my household is spaghetti bolognese
forget evil and eyes is the mother of
all just is if it's awesome
to get out of clothes I'm going to say
it there's no other way to say it
there is people under age watching but
it is really really hard to get out like
pasta sauce so what I've done is I've
grabbed together all of their white
t-shirt to school and because I have got
kind of free children in all different
ranges of age I feel like if pointage to
constantly buying new polo shirt you end
up with like thousands all around the
house and it's eye
they're never gonna wear them so I
understand believer of if it's in good
order you can hand it down there is no
issue with that
I've had many as much to turn down
my name's Neal and it done me no harm so
in order to spruce up t-shirts and stuff
this is only white stuff we're dealing
with at the moment to dive on the phone
and any dance or stuff because you will
ruin them just saying so success so if
you broke on the white t-shirts or
whatever stuff you're going to be
looking to kind of spruce up the color
and get it white again or if you're
trying to get rid of the stain
especially if it's a pesticide
this is the one for you my friends you
both need to grab yourself an empty
spray bottle so it can be any kind of
spray bottle just make sure you've
rinsed it out well before you use it and
make sure it's empty fill that with a
splash of bleach we're not going crazy
here just a tiny little bit bit maybe
like a tablespoon slightly more in my
house but you decide it is your destiny
after all and why don't you put that in
you then need to fill it up for just for
normal uncool water I'm using the kettle
in this one just for ease of showing you
it is contorted out it's not actually
boiling water don't go and put boiling
water in the plastic because it might
melt and you might hate yourself once
you've done that give it a shake and you
can then spray or the areas that is
unstained before your eyes like magic
what should happen in is stain will
disappear
it varies the next of time how long
it'll take so some of the stuff that I'm
showing it's it can vary from one minute
up until 10 minutes but either way
you'll be able to see that the same
slowly but surely does start
disappearing and fading into the
background and there is no trickery here
whichever house help would you not
believe in it so for any items that have
got like really tricky stones to get off
so these are things like on permanent
marker maybe or if it's like a really
really tough like saw stain then a
really good tip here is get yourself a
cotton bud
pour a bit of neat bleach don't water it
down she bit me into a dish and just put
a tiny tiny amount on the actual spot
itself
don't go wild here because you'll end up
destroying your clothes I've literally
the tiniest little spot on to the actual
area and that will then start dissolving
the stain once you've actually tackled
the Seine itself with the neat bleach
and the cotton bars or the bleach spray
that I've obviously tells you to mix up
then what you need to do is pop them in
your sink all of the clothes that you've
been tackling and you need to put a
little bit of bleach in here as well and
you're going to fill it up to the top
and just let them soak preferably
overnight and in the morning you will
find the whitest of white tops you ever
did see it's like snow white then that
white
alright once you've met the close to so
close and I go back to the following
morning wring them out and then you need
to put them in your washing machine on
the hata faucet with a now so you need
to obviously check the care labels I'm
going to add the symbol of the care
label if not everyone knows what the
care Able's mean it is like a minefield
I don't even know half the time but I do
now so I'm going to share that with you
guys as well so you can see clearly what
each logo means whether you can use
bleach on it to begin with or not how
hot wash you can put it on etc etc etc
please please please remember that this
highly helpful hack is only for white
clothes
please do not star willy nilly strumming
it or navy or blacks or roads or colors
I set my liabilities that I've given you
a warning this is my disclosure now I
love you guys to bits but if you're seen
eNOS is gonna force you to shove your
black light urns in low bridge they're
going to turn orange and no black
sharpie marker we'll get rid of that
because the whole thing will just be
stained so so much for watching my blog
today guys I will see you all again
tomorrow and keep the comments coming in
because you are making me laugh out loud
[Music]
you
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]