[Music]
all right got your
[Music]
tab I'm ty welcome to yaken Texas budget
kayak saing can anyone say golf
umbrella windshield
visor the wind can be your friend
there's a lot of things out there from
your shirt to a golf umbrella that can
take you all the way home never touching
your paddle you always have to paddle
home you don't always have to paddle to
where you're going let's explore some
options for sailing home in your kayak
for just a few
bucks I'm going a little bit faster than
I would be if I were
padd so I got this crazy idea to use a
visor and it actually ended up working
out pretty good and it was a little
faster than the golf umbrella check it
out this goes up I'm out of
here
I'm going fast
[Music]
with when I'm fishing in Shore and we do
have a 15 mph wind 15 to 20 it's just
blowing I make sure we fish into the
wind prevailing wind is say Southeast
we'll fish into the South Southeast wind
we'll keep moving further to the back
further to the back fish move fish move
then when it's time to come home we have
the wind at our
backs yeah
s just paddling that helps when you add
an umbrella a golf umbrella or some
anything to catch the air I mean you
could actually hold your shirt up when
you got wind at your back it'll push you
key to this is you have to have a rudder
out of all the sailing rigs we tried and
used it's hard to beat the convenience
of a good old
umbrella look look look at the grass
cutting in a pretty good clip got the
wind in our backs headed straight home
going faster than we can paddle $7
umbrella from Academy no
problem the commercial sales that are
available more power to you they work
awesome I'm sure I've never had one plan
on getting one
though
and then you've got the whole offshore
thing so when we're paddling
offshore we're going head into that
Southeast wind so when we come back the
wind's always at our back and we're
riding the waves in golf umbrella F
steer with the rudder we don't paddle
home when we're coming in from the rigs
there's no paddling coming in from the
Jetties you don't paddle you sail it's a
lot of fun you just stand the feet R you
got to have a r Got Run man ain't no
need to paddle home that's for
[Music]
sure tell you what it's hard to beat the
car
Vis I think having that Center Mast and
been able to flip the sail to either
side really helps that was totally my
accident I just uh I was going to put
PVC on both sides I don't know it just
it just happened that way you know if
you have any cool sailing ideas or any
rigs that you've designed put them in
the comments below let everybody know
about them we can all learn from them
until next time I'm ty and this has been
a little tip on budget kayak sailing
we'll see you right here on yak and
[Music]
Texas
[Music]