[Music]
had a girl lavender in a pot
not many plants have been honored with
the coloring fragrance bearing their
name but lavenders lavender land SPP
makes the list of honorees the
sun-loving herbs suitable for US
Department of Agriculture plant
hardiness zones five through ten
depending on variety fill the midsummer
garden with fragrance from their silvery
leaves and white rose lavender blue or
deep purple blooms French or fringed
lavender lavender Ladon toddy grows
especially well in pots and is easily
trained as a topiary other container
suitable varieties include English
lavenders monster than hid cat lavandula
angustifolia Munstead lavandula
angustifolia hid get the pot lavender
appreciates the type v choose a pot with
a diameter no more than one of the two
inches larger than a plant's root ball
most lavenders need a pot at least 12
inches in diameter to accommodate their
shrubby habits as an herb adapted to dry
Mediterranean soils lavender requires a
container with drainage holes in its
base adding a 1 to 2 inch layer of
gravel or packing peanuts to the bottom
of the pot also improves drainage
terracotta containers lose moisture more
quickly than plastic ones and reduce the
chances of wet soil causing root rot
[Music]
the potting mix the best potting mix for
lavender is light slightly alkaline and
enhanced with slow-release nutrients
finding a good commercial soil may be
difficult but making one isn't mix equal
parts of sterilized garden soil
moistened sphagnum peat moss and perlite
in a large container a 12 inch pot holds
about 12 quarts of potting mix adjust
the moss and perlite amounts until the
mix feels light and fluffy
fill the container deeply enough that
the top 1 inch of the lavenders crown
remains exposed and mix 1 tablespoon of
alkalizing dolomitic lime into the
potting soil after planting the lavender
sprinkle 1/2 cup of 30.5 3 alfalfa meal
fertilizer over the potting mix and
scratch it in alfalfa meal supplies
nitrogen for healthy leaves and
potassium for strong roots mulch and Sun
surround the lavenders crown with a
2-inch layer of light reflecting white
pebbles to stimulate growth and speed
evaporation keep the pebbles off the
crown otherwise moisture accumulating
beneath them might cause rot set the pot
where it gets at least eight hours of
daily Sun in a cool summer climate
potted lavender benefits from being on
or next to a heat reflecting concrete
surface such as an entryway walkway or
patio ongoing care
[Music]
whenever the potting mix under the
pebbles feels dry to the touch water
until liquid runs from the drainage
holes throughout the growing season
fertilize the lavender with liquid fish
emulsion mix 1 TSP for the
manufacturer's recommended amount of
emulsion in one quart of water and apply
it weekly in a cold winter climate move
the lavender to an unheated shed garage
or enclosed porch for overwintering stop
fertilizing and water only if the
potting mix alternate and freezes and
thaws in that case water every 2 weeks
if it doesn't freeze don't water in
spring new growth emerges at the base of
the old greyish stems cut the greyish
portions back to slightly above this new
growth use clean sharp stem cutters
disinfected in between cuts with rubbing
alcohol
[Music]