hello everyone today we're going to be
talking about growing lavender indoors
so don't forget to hit the like button
and subscribe and let's go ahead and get
into the video all right I'm going to
give you some tips on the benefits of
lavender and then I'm going to give you
some tips on how to grow it indoors
number one lavender smells really
amazing and it looks really nice and it
helps heal the body it's used in soaps
shampoos perfumes essential oils and
more lavender is known to help with
insomnia anxiety and depression it has
the ability to slightly calm and slow
down the nervous system and is a
sedative when the scent is inhaled when
I had my lavender plant
I had it next to the bed and I really
could tell a difference it really did
help me relax and help me sleep better
also lavender helps reduce agitation it
can be used as an antibacterial now I'm
going to give you some tips on growing
it indoors the best lavender for indoors
is French lavender it's the easiest one
Jarreau need to choose an appropriate
sized pot that is well draining you will
be moving your plant around from time to
time to maximize sunshine and warmth so
your pot you don't want to get one
that's too big and too heavy to move
around get one maybe small to medium
size your pot is going to need drainage
holes in the bottom and you can't have
sitting water for your plant to survive
so your plant is going to need eight
hours of direct sunlight
and it wants to be hot and dry you can
sit at near window for maximum sunlight
but also if it's possible you need to
sit it outside for approximately eight
hours in direct sunlight if you want it
to survive it's really going to need
that sunlight you need to water when
it's dry to the touch you should allow
it to dry out one inch on the top and
when it's dry to the touch then is when
you want to water it again water until
it drains from the bottom and then stop
watering and allow it to drain but don't
let it sit in the water no matter what
also you don't want to allow the plant
to dry out too much to the point that
its withering because if you do let it
dry out to that point then it might not
it might not survive after that I'm
going to need a well draining potting
soil so your plant doesn't sit in water
so use a soil that has a pH between
seven and eight you are going to want to
fertilize every six months or so now be
sure and keep it out of cold
temperatures and be sure to move it
inside as soon as cold weather comes it
will not survive in too cold a
temperature so there you have it
I hope this video has been helpful to
you if you decide to get one let me know
if you have any questions I'll be glad
to answer them for you you're pretty
much going to have the same care for
having your lab and
outside except for if you have it
outside you need to remember it's not
going to survive in the cold so be sure
and leave any comments below thank you
so much for watching and I will see you
in the next video