hello friends its Lala again and today
I'm going to be showing you how to make
a very easy
oxtail recipe this recipe might be a
little different from the ones we are
used to because I've added some tweaks
to it and it's absolutely amazing so
let's get started I'm going to start by
seasoning my oxtail and here I've got
about four pounds of oxtail so that I'm
going to be adding some time paprika
Cori powder a little bit of seasoning
powder minced habanero pepper minced
garlic salt to taste a little bit of
olive oil and you can definitely use any
oil of your choice now the next thing
I'm going to be doing is to thoroughly
massage this meat together you have to
make sure you massage this thoroughly so
that all the seasoning can really
penetrate inside the meats
once that is done I'm going to be
covering this with a plastic wrap and
I'll be leaving these to rest in my
fridge for at least 20 minutes and you
can as well leave this overnight so the
meat has been resting for 20 minutes I'm
just going to open it up and set it
aside
the next thing I'm going to do is to
preheat some olive oil inside a port
make sure you don't add too much oil to
the ports because as you already know we
added some oil to the meats previously
so once the oil is hot I'm going to be
adding the onions I'm going to stir fry
this until it becomes translucent at
this point I will also be adding two bay
leaves and I'll cook this together with
the onions until the aroma comes up and
this will take about 30 seconds to 1
minutes or any time in between this
smell is really popping out and the next
thing I'm going to do is to add my ox
tails now make sure each of the
still touches the bottom of the pots in
that way the oxtails can be really
browned and that is exactly what we want
after browning the oxtails on one side
for 10 minutes I'm going to be flipping
it to the other side so it's gonna also
Brown for another 10 minutes if you are
not satisfied with the brownies after
cooking it for about 10 minutes on each
side you can continue to flip it over
and over again until you achieve your
desired brownies as you can see the
oxtails are well browned and it's really
caramelized and I'm very okay with this
color right now and the next thing I'm
going to do at this point is to make
this too and the first thing I'm going
to do is to add the tomato paste this is
also going to add a little bit of
sweetness to this tube so that I'm going
to be adding some cayenne pepper diced
tomatoes diced onions diced red bell
peppers and about 6 cups of beef stock
and you can as well use chicken stock
however if you decide to use water you
may need to add a little more seasoning
to this tube now mix these together
thoroughly so that all the ingredients
are well combined once that is done go
right up and leave it to cook for about
an hour or thereabouts but make sure you
open it and steer it every 20 minutes to
make sure nothing is burning and
everything is evenly cooked so this has
been cooking for about an hour and 20
minutes now and I think it's well done
at this point I'm a texture person so I
still want to retain a little bit of
texture in the meats however if you want
the meats to fall directly of the bones
when we are eating it then feel free to
cook it as long as you want you now I'm
going to be adding some carrots and
potatoes this cue is beginning to
thicken up so
we'll also be adding a little bit of
water to this mix it together again then
cover it up and leave it to cook until
the potatoes become tender now this has
been cooking for about 15 minutes and
the potato is really tender it's now
time to add my green onions I'll be
sprinkling a little bit of this on mice
to you and I'll be leaving it to simmer
again for another five minutes and
that's it as you can see this is very
easy to put together I serve this with
rice for myself and the family and
everyone did enjoy it so I hope you try
out this recipe and if you do I'll be
very happy to know the outcome thank you
very much for spending your time with me
until next time I'll talk to you shortly
enjoy