today I'm going to show you how I make
chunky chips very soft in the middle
nice and crispy on the outside um takes
about 10 minutes in total what you do to
start with is find yourself some big
potatoes if you can doesn't matter which
sort of brand it is or anything um just
peel them up and then you end up with a
nice big chunky potato like that chop
them out into big chunk size pieces
whatever size you want and
then open that lid pour them
in cook those in there for 5 minutes
take them out drain them try and get
them as dry as possible and then we're
going to put them straight in hot oil
and cook for another 5 minutes and then
it's all done so I'll cook those for 5
minutes and then drain them off okay
we've been cooking for the 5 minutes and
you can always test your chips if you if
you put a knife in in and it falls off
again then that's just about done but
what you don't want to do is make them
so soggy otherwise they're just going to
snap um and doing this boiling first
with these chunky chips it does make
them really nice and soft inside so I'm
going to drain them off now and uh then
we're going to set about frying them
up okay I've just drained off the uh
chips and try to get as much of the the
water off as possible just by letting
them sit there for a minute or so um so
that's pretty good otherwise when you
when you tip them into the hot oil which
I'm about to do cuz that is very hot um
they'll start jumping so I've got me lid
ready ready for uh action there we are I
mean obviously if you haven't got a lid
you can get these sort of Galls things
that stop it spitting um but you want to
get the oil hot really hot to start with
um and then just turn the chips
occasionally there they are I've settled
down a little bit there so I'm just
going to slush them around and get the
oil over them now I've been cooking for
about a minute so it's a good time to
just turn them around cuz you want to
try and get it brown all the way around
um I haven't got a deep fat fry myself
so I'm having to use a shallow pan I
probably put about 1/4 in maybe a little
bit more 6 mil of oil in there sort of
sunflower oil but I think you can use
any oil really to be honest with you um
so just move them around and try and
encourage them sort of get brown all the
way around and uh keep the temperature
high because it will you know it'll it
will keep them nice and brown and if you
start turning the temperature down then
what happens is it get a bit soggy so
just keep moving those around and try
and get them lovely and brown so this
this goes on for about 5 minutes in
total so 5 minutes for boiling
beforehand and 5 minutes for frying and
then these are ready to serve so we'll
have a look at those in a minute and see
how we get getting
on okay we're at the 5 minute stage uh
they're looking really lovely golden and
brown so it's time to take them out and
I'm going to Now drain them I'm going to
put them on a little bit of tissue um on
in a little bowl so we just get all the
oil off so they're nice and dry when you
serve them okay going to put the bowl
there a little bit of tissue and then
just gently use them into there we lock
one there there we go oh
gorgeous pop those in
there and then what we can do whilst
they're
hot little bit of vinegar they usually
use malt vinegar or something like that
um because this one hasn't got the thing
I'm going to put the lid there put a bit
of that on top
lovely little bit of
salt and then just give them a little
Shake put a little bit more salt love
we can pop that open there and you can
see it's nice and soft inside ready to
eat