these are a few plates that we did let
go to seed but now that we have enough
seeds on them we're actually gonna start
heading off the smaller ones if they're
this size they're smaller then we're
gonna cut them once they get tree-like
like this then we're just gonna leave
this because those get really really
tough so we're just gonna pick some
smaller ones
this is not our main okra patch our main
out their patches and about 70 foot long
your add this is these are just a few
extra ones and this right behind Luke
right here is actually a peach tree it's
kind of interesting that peach tree
right now is almost six foot tall and it
must have been last year when we were
doing some preserving we threw some
peach seeds out into the chicken pasture
and we went ahead and I guess when we
were throwing that manure over into the
chicken are from the chicken area into
the main garden here
I guess that peach seed pit was still
left in there boy it's just amazing how
much that's grown so I'm gonna try this
fall to relocate it but it's really been
doing a nice job as far as growing or is
he we can get that thing pretty good
size but I had no idea that a tree would
a peach tree or fruit tree would grow
that much in one year I guess we've
never never really had one to start from
seed we'll be back with you in a few
minutes once once we get back inside the
house pick these real quick and then
we're okay we're here cleaning the okra
we're just gonna spray it off and just
kind of try to get it as clean as we can
I just drained the water that it was
soaking in chocolate got all the dirt
out of it and we're just gonna spray
them up and then we'll show stepping
them into the
be back in a minute show him and also
while we were on pickling ogre we
thought we would just pick off some
jalapenos - we're not gonna eat them but
we um have friends that like them so
we're probably just gonna give them to
them stay with us so long
look at all these jalapenos we got off
of that was couple pounds this will
probably make about six or seven pints
be back whenever we're putting them in
the jars okay so we've got the jalapenos
that we're gonna keep that we're going
to be pickling we've got the lemon
cucumbers which we already have a video
online of pickling the cucumbers and
then we have a lot of ochre that we're
gonna be pickling too we all like
pickled okra it tastes really good so
we're just gonna pickle all this and
then we've got the jars so we'll be back
okay so this is our final count here we
got five pints of jalapenos and we got
two pints and three quarts of the lemon
cucumber pickles and then we got five
quarts and three pints of the okra
pickled okra so it looks pretty good
it's our first time doing pickled okra
but somebody brought it to the farmers
market the other day and Luke and Chris
loved it so they thought we try it we
usually freeze okra you know or roast it
but this is our first time pickling it
so we'll see how it goes there's more of
those cucumbers slim cucumbers and then
pickled jalapenos we've never tried that
I added a little sugar to that take some
of the heat away we're not big heat
people so we did get a few extra jars so
we're gonna try some and probably give
away the others so that's what we got
we're excited and got about everything
out of the refrigerator and so thanks
for watching
jello