all right real quick we're gonna show
you what a certificate of survey looks
like and this is gonna be the most
important part of your bland buying
experience do not buy property without
either having a survey on file or having
a seller obtain a survey for you for
numerous reasons one to accurately know
what your boundaries are for your
property can to taxes there could be
transfer taxes there could be all kinds
of stuff you do not want your survey
being outdated or anything because you
need something when you purchase your
land that says this is exactly what I'm
buying and it is a legal document so
this is my survey for the property I
just bought two which included a house
and I thought this would be a good
tutorial because this property I bought
I bought 10 acres of the original 40 but
the 10 acres I bought included the
structures so quickly looking at this
this is your survey and I have modified
this one to take out you know the seal
and the stamps and the signatures and
all that but real quick just to give you
kind of an idea this was a brush isn't
working here but this year was the old
total of forty point two acres I am
buying this right here which includes
just rabbi let me go ahead and change my
color so now we got our color right I
mean I'm back okay so let's do skin so
you can see okay so forty acres to the
ten that I'm purchasing so the seller
had to go out and research a this
because for tax reasons I'm not going to
paying for forty acres
for ten plus the structure okay so they
had to go out and do a new survey and
looking at this here is I have from here
to here to here to here okay this little
space right here it's actually easement
for the road which happens to be up here
there's another road over here as you
can see so this survey is relatively
easy so the most important part of this
is the feet for each boundary and the
next most important part is the bearings
at which this line this boundary line
goes from point to point
okay so each one of these will have a
bearing and a distance so you'll set up
here go this direction this bearing this
distance and it'll get you to the next
point and all the way around now looking
at this you know they'll they'll tell
you they'll have a little legend here
bound corner set or rerun you know set
of rod
basically means they put on a marker and
this is where they put their line okay
so got that nothing was found here so
they had to go and settle this because
originally it was a much larger person
so some other information you may need
to know or when you're looking up county
records this is your section number your
township number and your range number
these are pretty standard you'll just go
to the county and say I'm in section 28
14 north and range nine west and you
will get a plant map of that section
that range and you may not be the only
property within that so you'll have to
then look at you know the other
information here and see your property
you can also look down here this gives
you how they did their GPS okay so the
bearings here all right is degrees
minutes and seconds and I'll do another
video later on that will explain those
and I'll even show you how to use the
survey in Google Earth to give you a
much clearer idea of what you're buying
so before you buy see if there's a
survey get a copy of the full survey and
do your due diligence in your research