hi I'm Miranda Valentine editor of the
lifestyle blog everything sounds better
in French and today I'm going to show
you how to make a no mayo tuna salad
tuna salad is traditionally made with
mayonnaise and while delicious it also
is incredibly high in fat and calories
and not the good kind of fat so there is
a healthier way that you can enjoy tuna
you don't have to give up your tuna
salad it's awesome on sandwiches it's
awesome on top of a traditional like
green lettuce salad so we're going to
make it today using like a Dijon
vinaigrette and we're going to make that
using mixing ingredients in with our
tuna so we're going to start with just
one can of drained tuna packed in water
not the kind packed in oil because we're
trying to you know stay away from all
that extra fat right so into this we are
going to add a vinaigrette made of olive
oil to have two tablespoons of olive oil
1 tablespoon of balsamic vinegar and we
have 1 tablespoon of Dijon mustard we
are going to whip that all together add
it in and then to that mixture we are
going to add 1/2 a cup of celery about
1/4 cup of chopped red onion and then a
tablespoon of capers to give it like a
really nice salty taste you could also
use all those if you prefer that over
capers and then we're going to season
with salt and pepper so let's get
started we are going to begin by making
our little vinaigrette um so let me pull
these ingredients over here ok so
because my largest ingredient is the
olive oil I'm just going to introduce
these items
okay I'm just going to mix mix mix mix
mix
nicely mixed together now let's add our
mustard this will make like a really
nice creamy base and if you like your
tuna to be like very very very creamy
you can certainly experiment with the
amount and you can do like more of a
vinaigrette or conversely you could do
less it's always a good idea after the
first time you make a recipe to really
like try it out yourself in and adjust
it and see what you like best recipes
are always just a guideline okay so now
I'm going to add in my celery to my tuna
and the capers these delicious little
salty guys capers and the onion and I'm
using red onion because that's my
favorite onion to use if you're going to
eat it raw but use whatever kind suits
you okay so I'm gonna mix these dry
ingredients together a little bit least
and like really nice colors here with
the purple onion and the green celery
okay now we are just going to start to
spoon this over the top and
just dump that all in there and like I
said this will make a moderately kind of
coated tuna salad but if you like it
super creamy you could definitely double
that vinaigrette recipe and obviously
while you know it has calories and fat
from the olive oil that's really a good
kind of fat it's heart-healthy fat so
that in moderation is always a good
thing so this is all nicely mixed
together and everything's pretty coated
so now I'm going to do my salt and
pepper to taste I am using a coarse
kosher salt
so just you probably don't want too much
salt because the capers are really salty
so just a little bit to bring out all
the flavors but not too much that it's
overpowering you could always taste as
you go certainly an excellent way to
figure out what you like and now we're
going to do some pepper I like my tuna
that have a lot of pepper so
going
all right and there we go it's all ready
and no matter how you like to enjoy it
whether in a sandwich or on top of other
salad or just by itself that's how you
make no mayo tuna salad thanks for
watching make sure to subscribe and if
there's something that you want to learn
how to make send me an email at request
at Mahalo calm and don't forget to check
out our other great videos
you