today's Chef's
trick how to turn cheap balsamic into
something that tastes deliciously like a
talian aged
[Music]
balsamic this week I want to share with
you a series of short videos titled
chefs
tricks tips tricks little bits of
kitchen wisdom that people have been
generous enough to share with me and I
want to share with you those of you who
know balsamic know how delicious aged
balsamic is it's thick and sweet and
syrupy and it's something so good you
can drizzle over strawberries as a
dessert but when you get store-bought
cheap young
balsamic it's vinegar it is so pungent
and so
strong it's not something you want to
put on your strawberries the secret
ingredient to transform this into
something that tastes more like this
maple syrup take your bottle of cheap
store-bought balsamic and pour it into a
small sauce
pan we're going to cook our vinegar over
medium to medium high heat until it's
reduced to about a quarter of the volume
you started with so if you start with
four cups we're going to finish with
about a cup of a thick syrupy beautiful
balsamic when you're cooking your
vinegar you want to stay with it it's
going to take about 15 minutes to reduce
down to the point that we want place
your vinegar in your pot and for every
cup of vinegar you want to add maybe a
tablespoon of maple syrup you can start
out with your vinegar over high heat and
then just slowly reduce the heat as the
vinegar starts to thicken up you just
don't want to burn it there's a fine
line between syrupy thick perfectly
rendered vinegar and bur vinegar so be
very careful just remember that the
vinegar will set up a little bit and
thicken as it
cools check the consistency of your
vinegar by stirring it you'll notice
that it gets a little bit thick and
start starts to coat the spoon we're not
quite there yet there's a little bit of
a coating but it's still pretty thin if
you've enjoyed this tip and you would
like to see more leave me a comment I
have tons of little things that just
make time in the kitchen either more
creative more inspired or easier but
mostly tastier once you've reduced your
vinegar pour it into a little bottle or
jar and it keeps just like vinegar you
can just leave it in a Cupboard once
it's cool you'll be rewarded with this
beautiful thick
wonderful balsamic syrup I'm going to go
ahead and start a playlist and I'll
continue to add to it if this is
something you guys are interested in so
leave me a comment and let me know
thanks see you next time it's totally
delicious thank you for being here and
I'll see you on the next Chef's trick
[Music]