hey everyone my name is net welcome to
my shop and welcome to episode 8 of my
ask Matt series where I answer questions
suggested by you the viewer today we've
been talking about sharpening again on
Episode two I talked about my sharpening
process in my shop which is more just
maintaining the edge and not actually
getting to adult rizal first before
sharpening it now Travis asked me how
would go about sharpening a totally dull
chisel and in fact one that so dull that
I have to go to the grinder first before
actually hitting it with the stones so
today I'm going to show you how I would
go about doing that but before we do
that I need a dull chisel and the dull
chisel is something that's pretty hard
to come by here in my shop so let's make
this dull and actually it's not too dull
right now not that dull so let's make
this dull should be fun don't try this
at home let's see if we can shop through
this eight penny nail
that's Elijah
yeah there's the edge this should be
interesting
and of course you're supposed to do this
this way I think it will do this I don't
think this is the effective way to open
a paint can what's this chisels too big
for this I give up that's good enough
that's a pretty messed up edge all right
so that was pretty interesting so let's
get going on restoring this thing back
to its once sharp state and the first
thing I'm going to do is remove all that
material on the edge that is extremely
damaged and broken off so I have a nice
straight edge again you see right now
it's really bumpy its jagged it's all
over the place so we'll use the grinder
to remove all that material now
theoretically you could remove this just
with your stones or some other method
the grinder is gonna be really fast and
it'll allow us to get to the stones
faster and kind of get to the process
pretty quick I'm gonna be using my slow
speed grinder for this you can use a
high speed grinder as well with the high
speed grinder you seem to be a lot more
careful that you don't overheat the tool
as you're sharpening it I'm gonna keep
my little bath of water here right by
the grinder as I'm grinding that way as
I go I can dip the tool in the water to
cool it off okay so I'm gonna adjust my
tool rest so that the chisel is
approaching the wheel at the same angle
it's already ground to I'm just going to
do that by eye here it's actually pretty
easy to do
now one of the things to be concerned
about when grinding a chisel is that you
want to keep the chisel nice and square
to the wheel now one way to do that
would be to clamp a guide block to the
side that's nice and square root to that
wheel and all I have to worry about is
riding that chisel along the block the
other thing you can do is if you have a
longer one you can clamp a block along
the back here and that'll keep it nice
and square what I'm going to do is
freehand it and I'm gonna use my finger
as a little clamping block on the bottom
to help keep that square the nice thing
here is I don't have a chisel it wider
than my wheel so I don't have to really
worry about moving it back and forth too
much I can really just apply pressure
straight in and be good so so I'm gonna
do next
let's get these safety glasses and plug
this thing in and start grinding
one tip is to keep a bead of water on
the edge of the chisel when you see the
water start to boil it's time to cool
the chisel again
all right so we got our chisel oh that's
the ground and right to start our honing
or I guess a little more actual
sharpening you can see that that grind
is on there it's really really rough so
I want to do is I'm gonna put a marker
on here so you can see a lot better
where the material is going to being
removed now when I set this up hopefully
I'm only going to be removing material
towards the tip because I don't really
want to polish this whole this whole
area here so I'm using my honing guide
for this and I'm gonna set my my
protrusion using my little setup gauge
here so that's pretty easy I'm just
gonna set this in the jig and just kind
of tighten it up a little bit and then
using my little guide block here I can
just rest this just a line here and push
it forward until it meets the stop there
and I can lock it in place so the first
storm in use here is my combination
stone and I'm gonna use my 800 grit side
so I'm doing here is I'm resting it down
on the stone and I'm using my my middle
finger and my index fingers to apply
even pressure downward so I'm not
rocking it left or right it's gonna be
flat down on the stone and then notice
I'm moving back and forth
I'll take a look looks like I set it up
right you can see that the the market
line is being removed from the tip which
is what we want we want to be we only
want to be concerned with the area down
there it's actually doing the cutting so
I'll keep running this on the stone
until I get a nice straight edge across
there I can tell that my grinding wasn't
perfect so I'm a little off square here
and this jig will help me square it back
up again anyway so always keep going as
you go here you can see I'm moving the
chisel around trying to use as much of
the stone as possible turn the stone
around so I can use a little bit this
side water so now if I take a look at
the chisel itself I can see the stone
has been working along the edge here in
the front the cutting edge and a little
bit up in here there's a little bit
right there on the corner there that
needs to be worked back towards this is
still back further so I'll keep going on
the stone a little bit until I have this
front edge totally smooth and shiny
matching the silver here no it looks
good
now it's polished all the way along the
whole edge and while I'm at the stone
I'll also just knock off the burr that's
on the back of the chisel right now and
I can feel it to do that's pretty easy
too I'm just gonna take it with the jig
hanging up back here and it's gonna run
it back and forth a few times just to
knock off that burr clean up the back
time to wipe the stone off a little bit
and I'll flip it over and we'll go to
our 4000 grits
same thing all over again I can see here
that the stone is working you can kind
of see it on here around the camera for
real
you see the stone is working this area
through here and through here which
means that my when I was doing my
grinding I put a little bit of a a kind
of a convex shape to the chisel that's
probably because they use this for
sharpen my gouges and I didn't rip the
stone before I did this so there is a
little bit of a convex shape to the
chisel which is fine working it out here
but you can see I'm not quite down to
the cutting edge yet science keep
working these stone here and what I'll
do is well I just flatten this before I
put it away but also mention that the
flatten it's really easy just take my
key I'm using a diamond plate
let's get that wet flip the stone over
now let's rub the stone on the diamond
plate to flatten it you can see my stone
here I still have this kind of stereo
here which looks to be a low spot so I
seem to keep on rubbing the stones here
isn't this fun there we go that's a
little better
all right back to sharpening
see I'm getting closer I'm almost to the
line here but I still have to keep going
on over here on the edge or on a corner
here and then along the edge right here
let's keep going all right so now I'm
getting closer here I'm touching over
here and over here and I have a little
bit to go on this side and we're here in
the corner still so just keep on keeping
on okay so now the edge is the whole
face is really just pretty much totally
polish that just happened to work out
that way doesn't need to be totally
polished up here but now when I start
working on the micro bevel which is the
most important part of the tool that's
going to be the cutting edge and to get
that I'm just going to loosen the tool
in the jig and just slide it back just a
little bit and then lock it back down
now I also want to flatten the stone
here before I do this because this is
going to be the most critical part of
the entire chisel that cutting edge and
you want that to be nice and straight so
I'm gonna make sure this is nice and
flat we're not gonna be doing a whole
lot of polishing here anyway so it's
just really just to clean it up make
sure to have any imperfection the stone
and then I can start pouring again
okay now with that four thousand grit
stone all the way I'll move on to my
eight thousand grit same thing now you
can see I do have a nice polished edge
right along the cutting edge there and
you can see I still have that I have
back on that convexity to the chisel
because of how I ground it which is fine
doesn't matter so with that I can just
take this burn off the back so this
thing is back to our workable state
again hooray
sorry shizzle that was kind of a rough
day for you huh boom nice and sharp
again so that's how I would bring back a
totally adult chisel into something as
sharp and usable again now it was really
fun to actually take a chisel and beat
it up and bring it back to this state
which is a nice usable sharp state nice
and sharp cuts paper no problem it
passes that test now before I actually
use it I probably go ahead and I still
use my strop and give it a few
strappings just to really polish that
edge up a little more and get it totally
ready but as it is now it's totally
usable which is really awesome because
it's about ten minutes fifteen minutes
ago it was totally screwed up and not
usable at all so if you'd like to learn
more about any of the products I used
today I'll leave links to all these
things in the description down below
those links are affiliate links so if
you head over there and you buy anything
that helps out the channel and I greatly
appreciate that if you have any ideas
for any feature ask Matt's please leave
those in the comments as well I greatly
appreciate any any suggestions you might
have even if it's not something I
typically do or you don't think it's
something I typically do like sharpening
adult chisel that's something I really
never do and in fact I've never
sharpened a totally dull just like this
except for when I sharpened my beater
chisels a couple of years ago which I
had previously used as ice chippers and
they were pretty far gone so thank you
as always for watching I greatly
appreciate it if you have any questions
or comments about anything I talked
about today or anything here in my shop
please feel free to leave me a comment
as always I appreciate those and I'd be
happy to answer any questions you might
have until next time happy woodworking