hey guys welcome back to my room so
today I'm actually going to be doing
something insanely scary on my channel I
want to clean out my closet and that
means that I have to show you guys
what's in there right now which I have
purposely avoided it can be a little bit
scary in there oh my god so here's
what's gonna happen I'm gonna go through
there and I'm gonna be as harsh on
myself as possible I'm really just gonna
break down why I'm keeping certain
things and why I'm throwing some things
out so hopefully that can give you guys
an idea of like why maybe you should be
getting rid of some things cuz cleaning
out a closet is essential sorry this is
like distracting me yeah let's go to my
closet right now let's do this this is
how my closet is right now and we just
talked about how this pole right here is
bent not sure if it's because these
poles are from Mikey on they're really
cheap or because I genuinely just have
way too much clothes and weight on it
the only good thing about my closet is
that I use these velvet hangers so
everything has like a lot of space which
is probably another reason why I have so
much clothes in here kind of do have a
little bit of organization right now in
terms of color for example right here I
have all of my white clothing and then I
have this yellow section here a little
bit of reds and pinks some stripes and
then these are all my pants and I
actually had like a bunch of pants right
here kind of all folded up and organized
but they fell on my floor along with my
clean bath mats and then I have some
hats just kind of like piled up on my
yoga mat that I don't really use as
often as I should up here I have some
bed sheets some builder beers that
Rodger gave me when you first started
dating and all of these bags just piled
up on each other and now that y'all know
what's happening we are gonna go in
there and I'm just gonna try everything
else let's start with actual sweaters
I'm wearing right now because believe it
or not I got this wetter last year and
you guys have probably never seen it
before because I've never actually worn
it which is surprising because this
color is gorgeous I love turtlenecks so
I wear them constantly and the
- this is just amazing so I'm definitely
gonna be keeping this guy but there are
gonna be a lot of things that I am gonna
be getting rid of that are really cute
so they'll be up on my d pop it's a
Diana chamomile I'm also thinking of
maybe starting a vintage online store so
if you guys are interested in that just
catch up with me on like my Instagram
and my D pop that's probably where else
are posting about all that stuff but
anyway I'm getting out of topic cards
positive I'm sorry clever too scared her
that's better
so this stuff right here is all of my
yellow earth-toned kind of things they
don't think that I'm gonna get rid of a
lot of stuff here because a lot of it I
actually do where I will not be letting
go of this because I've actually worn it
a lot I got this when I was curating
there 79th Street store and I really
like how minimal the silhouette is and
how easy it is to wear probably wouldn't
wear it with this life bra a lot here in
the middle just because it kind of looks
funky but maybe with like a tank tub or
some sort of tube top underneath it
would be really cute have these two tops
here that are these same exact fabric
this one I got last fall because I
really felt like it would be cute to
have like a nice ditzy floral for the
fall time I'm not quite sure about this
oh and this one is a lot more of a
cropped shape to it so I'm gonna try it
on and see which is the two I'm gonna
keep because I don't think I'm actually
gonna keep these both yeah thumbs okay I
gotta say I'm actually not as bothered
by the silhouette anymore and I think
it's because I buttons it up a little
bit lower than I usually do and it has
this awkward tie here which isn't really
flattering in my opinion so I'm probably
just gonna tuck it in I really love this
almost retro looking collar I've got the
second top on now and let's be real this
might as well be a little bralette
because it basically shows all of my mid
drove I just I don't know I don't always
feel up for it overall the fit of it
isn't so great it kind of cuts me off in
like a really weird way but on the other
hand I do have crop tops from Anna
melville that I actually genuine
this one is a little bit longer at the
bottom though you've got more fabric all
summer and I think one of the biggest
things I like about it is how it's like
off the shoulder you can just tell by
how it's laying on my arm it doesn't
really have like any weird shape to it
at all I'm obsessed with looking home
you guys know I am but I don't really
have any like mustardy getting on top so
I have been fully enjoying this and this
little crop top I've actually had in my
closet for years I'm sure some of you
guys recognize it from previous videos
but I haven't worn it in a while at
least this year I was wearing it last
summer but I completely forgot about it
somehow and I really like the color this
is gonna sound weird but it kind of
reminds me of like a cross between
something that a grandpa would wear and
Madeline I've actually been wearing this
a lot during the summer time and I
really love these like sleep olds back
there and it has a little button if you
want to tighten it up a little bit if
you guys remember this top we go way
back I actually got this one last year
but it works so much in my videos I'm
pretty sure you guys got the sick of
seeing it in a way I like going through
my closet and like really looking
through everything just so that I can
remember the love that I have for the
pieces that I have the shirt located
reminds me boy is Waldo but that's not
necessarily what's wrong with it what I
really don't like about it is that it
has these like cuffs on it that reminds
me of those pajama shirts that one would
wear when they were like 5 years old so
I was thinking of maybe possibly cutting
it
[Music]
sometimes blue lights sometimes green
this is another turtle like that I don't
really were much of but I really haven't
had a chance to wear anyway because I
did get it last spring I actually don't
wear brown often but I do think that
this is really cute it's kind of giving
me calm des Garcons vibes here with this
like little pop of red in the heart so
I'm gonna see if I can give this a
chance as falsly got this one out a
Reformation sample sale and it was kind
of a ripoff at $40 because it was
originally from a pajama set that cost
$80 on the Reformation site I think they
got confused and thought this was an
actual top but I mean I don't mind that
I actually really do love the colors I
love the Fitness one I got at the
goodwill this year I've been wearing a
heck ton of her it's kind of more of
like an orange e light tangerine color
and it has all these pops of color all
over it and it's made of the silk fabric
it makes me feel like a flamenco dancer
so keeping her then I've got another
sweater that's given me Daphne from
Scooby Doo vibes I really like how tunki
this turtleneck is it also has the split
here on the side which helps me kind of
like tuck it into the front and then hop
it out in the back of I wants it I just
realized this sweater reminds me a lot
of this one right here so I think I'm
gonna decide between these two on my own
so this is the pilot I'm keeping and
this is the pile that I'm selling out
the red pile I already know I'm gonna
get rid of this guy because I had
originally thrifted it to do a little
thrift fixed kind of video and I noticed
later on unfortunately that it has a
bunch of holes in the fabric thing I'm
just gonna end up donating this back to
the goodwill and I'm gonna try this guy
on right now I threats of this back on
the trip that I made to like go see my
friend Sophia in North Carolina and I
just love this really tacky print the
only thing that I don't like right now
is the length at the bottom so I think I
might just cut these into like cute
little mini shorts and wear this with
pair of sneakers next summer
I have this little jacket top that I
actually got from Free People some years
ago I was at stop I actually wore it a
lot last fall and I'll be wearing it a
lot this fall as well I'm sure but the
only thing that's kind of hard about it
is finding something to wear underneath
it we're making some good progress here
I only have four of all the things that
I actually had in my red pile and we are
adding some things into the donate and
the sell pile this is looking better I'm
actually kind of proud of myself now
you're gonna be getting into the pinks
well this is why I have to fix
everything in here okay I actually just
recently picked at this top and the only
reason why I haven't worried yet is
because it's actually a little bit too
heavy weight to wear for the summertime
because it's made out of this waffle
knit fabrics kind of got this dusty
salmony color and I also really love the
sleeves because they land in a very
flattering place I really like this so
I'm gonna keep it this little tank is
gonna go to for me this past summer it's
just this really cute little smoked
floral one and I really like how the in
t these straps are I think it's very
flattering and I've been really actually
loving to her with these pair of jeans
when I definitely wanted to keep just
because I mean not only does it have an
amazing message on it but look at that
font totally wearing this with the wrong
bra but I'm definitely keeping this this
is one of my favorite pieces that I
third did just recently I love this
crochet work like I wish I could make
this at home I know I didn't it I don't
know how to crochet
it is not easy wearing sweaters when
it's so
outside but I have on my pepto pink
sweater that you guys probably all know
and love because I wore it I'm pretty
sure to like most of my video intros of
last year or like the beginning of this
year I can't remember but this is just
like one of my favorite sweaters ever
it's got this little mock metal bit so
much and I I'm not letting go over I've
got this little strobe turtleneck that
has this medley of different colors that
are in different shades of pink and
orange and it's got these bell sleeves
on it it's just amazing the only thing
that I would say is that it's a bit
itchy but nothing that I can't handle
this one is a bodysuit and these
pom-poms are so adorable originally from
Philipp lemons I love this like really
soft pink color though I'm keeping my
bullet that means I have not gone
anything from the pink section to the
donut then there's some reason I don't
really wear that much black and I don't
wear that much white either so I'm
really gonna go through everything here
and just grab the pieces that I actually
do wear here is going to be the gold
mine of the things that I'm going to be
selling and donating this top has
definitely gotta go I got it back when I
was in high school I've always just been
afraid to even wear this in public from
all like nip slippage that honestly
tended to happen when I wore this
this little bodysuit that I never wore
because I honestly didn't fit into this
little like cup area either so I'm not
even coming on I'm just gonna go and put
this into the should I donate this or
should I sell this then we have this
cute little crop top that serves me from
Zara but I had thrifted it I think it's
cute but I don't know I just really
didn't see myself wearing it as much as
I thought I would the summer pretty sure
I've had this cropped up since I was in
college but I never really went for it I
mean it has that square neckline that I
really like and all these eyelets on it
very feminine and cute but I'm just not
a big fan of crop tops that go up too
high I feel like this is just like a
very awkward place for it to end I'm
definitely designing her because she is
still very cute and she's in great
condition since I hardly ever wore her
[Music]
[Music]
fan of the big bold polka dots that this
has and little wrap so what is really
cute the only thing I don't like is this
right here like I definitely do have a
lot of trouble keeping it closed I'm
thinking of maybe getting a little poke
and I kind of thing so I can just sew it
myself and don't have to worry about
this like gaping neckline that I have
here this is one of my favorites to
wherever and I actually score this piece
at the Reformation sample sale it really
just makes me super happy and I think
that that's something that I should keep
in mind when I'm like deciding between
pieces this one's also keep because I
like to wear this one as a little
bathing suit cover and I love this
embroidery it has this little Grecian
looking City then on the back it says
don't follow me I'm lost too oh my gosh
you guys see those massive clouds we
hardly you're getting any light in his
bedroom so I'm just gonna quickly show
you guys the things that I'm not going
to be getting from the pile this
bodysuit I will not be keeping because
of how low-cut it is and it also gives
me wedgies I got this top with the
intention of having a nice white
button-down but I got a better one and I
never actually wore it this one's from
theis khun's theory I think I said that
right so I will probably be selling this
or donating it it has this really cool
cuff here that's extended and kind of
billows out and could be good for like
the workplace too
and this one's a cute little ribbed
boatneck top that I think would be
adorable to sell as well but it just
doesn't fit me so to the sell pile it
was at my scarf collection here and I
think I'm gonna be selling half of this
because I only wear about the other half
that I'm not going to be selling so
let's see this one right here I wear all
the time in my hair I love the pattern
and I really like the blues and the
greens with the red and it just looks
really cute in my hair so I'm gonna be
keeping this one and then this one right
here is actually really good as a
bathing suit cover-up and it's made out
of this really soft silk fabric with
these pom-poms it's really fun this
one's really cute I threw this one a
while back but I just don't really wear
it that much so I think I'm gonna be
selling this one this one's also really
cute but I don't really wear it that
much I really like the colors and I love
these flowers this one right here isn't
actually a scarf it's a tie that I had
on a romper that didn't fit me it is
pretty versatile but I don't know I'm
just not really a never going for it and
I might end up missing it if I do and
I'm selling it but you know what I don't
really worry that much so I'm gonna be
selling this one this one has been with
me through so much I love the flowers
the pastels the colors the butterflies
it's just it's perfect so I am gonna be
keeping it the only thing that I have to
do though is go back in there and give
it a new hem it needs a little work but
she has been with me through so much
alright guys so here's the deal
I started editing this and I realized
it's already way too long to show you
guys my entire closet so
I'm an end this video here as a part 1
but if you guys want to see a part 2 let
me know down below I'll still probably
film it because I find these to be quite
therapeutic
I know maybe not everyone's into this
kind of thing but I know I think it's so
essential to just give her closets a
weave
I'm gonna stop talking now because this
video is already way too long so I will
see you guys the next video
[Music]