what's up everybody this is lyle with no
hippie BBQ and I had a subscriber of
mine tell me that I just had to try out
his honey whiskey smoked salmon so I'm
gonna be using his recipe today
typically when I'm cooking salmon I like
mine more of that hotter and faster kind
of salmon maybe this cured for maybe an
hour max really not how we're gonna be
doing it today anyway the bbq smoker that
we're going to be doing this on is a
smoker that was sent to me by Z grills
I've done this to bake some macaroni and
cheese I've you know actually a
chargrilled some ribs I didn't do a
video and then I smoked some ribs and
I'm pretty impressed with that smoker if
you happen to be in the market for a
smoker it is now the end of summer 2018
I was just on their website and they
have by 1:1 smoker for well at full
price I think it was like seven hundred
forty eight dollars for this one
particular model and get another one for
free anyway I'm gonna leave a link to
where you could check out that
information in the description below so
what it'll allow you to do is buy one
for yourself and then ship one to
somebody else
details are gonna be in there anyway the
cure for this salmon seemed to be pretty
simple what we're starting out with is I
have two parts of brown sugar and then
one part kosher salt so I'm just gonna
kind of mix those together when I'll do
that off camera I'm sure you know how to
make stuff up now as far as the honey in
the whiskey goes she just said mix equal
parts honey to the whiskey
I think that should be enough and then
we're just gonna mix this up and like I
said we'll get to that offline or
off-camera where the ingredient is salt
and we're gonna have some orange zest in
the mix as well anyway I'm gonna finish
mixing this stuff up bring you guys in
let you take a look at how we're hooking
this salmon recipe up and then we'll let it
ride the refrigerator for seven to eight
hours I've already mixed my brown sugar
and my salt together just go ahead and
hit it with the pepper and then just go
with some of this orange zest I'm so
wanting to put some of that orange juice
in that whiskey mixture alright so we
got that let's just go ahead and give it
a good mix all right so we're going to
go ahead and lay them put a layer down
in this baking sheet or a casserole dish
now I've already trimmed and cut my
salmon into portions I'm just gonna go
ahead and put it right on top of this
skin side down first
and I might have to get one over here
now we're gonna go ahead and throw the
rest on top
so this will be interesting if nothing
else like I said I am a hot and fast
kind of salmon guy myself alright got
that now let's just go over it with this
whiskey and honey mixture I'm just gonna
pour it through my fingers
and what I'm gonna do I'm gonna go ahead
and let this go in the refrigerator
seven to eight hours and I'm gonna make
sure that I have plenty of this brown
sugar cure on top of this salmon so the
salmon has had a chance to cure for
about six and a half hours unfortunately
just due to time I can't go the full
eight but we should still be fine one
thing I did do while this was curing was
about every 45 minutes I did go ahead
and baste some of that liquid over the
top of this now what I'm going to do is
I'm gonna go ahead and rinse these
salmon fillets off we have this salmon
rinsed off and one of the things that
you'll start to notice is that this
salmon is becoming a lot more firm than
it was it kind of has a little bit of a
tacky kind of appearance to it so that's
kind of what you're looking for this is
gonna go on the refrigerator
two hours air-dried then we'll get it on
the smoker Salmons had a chance to air
dry for about an hour and a half I'm
gonna go ahead and fire up my smoker
like I said we're gonna be using this
Zee grill smoker right here so let's go
ahead and get this on I'm just gonna go
ahead and start it on the smoke cycle
it's a matter of fact let me make sure
you have wood okay the pellets I'm using
are some leftover pellets I have from a
previous cook we're just gonna be
running oak in there and let me go ahead
and open up the lid while it's getting
started get it on this Zee grill now one
thing that I was kind of debating about
was the temperature I was gonna cook it
in I could either go super low and kind
of do more of a cold smoke on it or I
could go for kind of almost to cook
somewhere in that 275 to 325 range I
think what I'm going to do since I have
time
let me go ahead and throw this salmon on
we're gonna smoke it at about 250
degrees
and I'm gonna leave it on the rack that
I had it placed in when we have in the
refrigerator just so it's easier for me
to remove down the road anyway we're
gonna cook this salmon until we've reached an
internal temperature of about 135
degrees there may not be a need for me
to temp it but I just want you to know
that that's the temperature that you're
looking for anyway let's shut this down
and let it get smoking so here now at
137 degrees and you can tell that
there's still some moisture in here if I
push on this hard enough it will flake
off so we are done I'm just going to go
ahead and get this off the grill get it
inside taste it and see what's up
all right so that is a wrap right there
time for me and Eddie mercury over here
to go ahead and get into this salmon go
ahead get this shrubbery up here for me
anyway while these are removing all that
strawberry listen if you're in the
market for a smoker I'm telling you that
Zee grill I'm really impressed with it
especially at that price point like I
said pitting on watching when you're
watching this video run down in the
description I got a buy one get one free
buy one for you and send one off to
somebody else or maybe go in on it
together
anyway won't you take that piece and
move it over there and eat this now like
I was saying earlier in the video I am
more of a hot and fast kind of a salmon
person so we'll see if this is something
that I might consider doing down the
road that's real good
this is a lot more moist than I thought
it was going to be when you get there I
might back off a little bit on that
honey or whatever it's kind of
sweetening it I know a lot of people
prefer that but I might back off of that
but mam telling you I'd say it's pretty
good it's flaky moist anyway I'm gonna
go ahead and finish this up but I do
wanna thank you guys for stopping by no
hippie BBQ I appreciate it comment
subscribe and I'm out. How To Smoke Salmon. Salmon Recipes