your new would star stall system
includes the following components a
sliding door one sliding door track a
spring-loaded safety latching mechanism
one stay roller to stop blocks one small
and one large two door trolleys a front
wall grille panel shown here with an
optional feeder door for 90 inch you
channels 378 inch wall stiffeners and
one 48 inch wall stiffener a list of
additional materials that you will need
to assemble you stall can be found in
the front of your installation
instruction manual all of the necessary
items for your particular stall
including wood links and quantities are
listed first measure the distance from
the middle of the left rear wall post to
the middle of the right rear wall post
transfer this measurement to one of the
2 by 12 planks that you will be using
for the back wall
cut the plank to this length
using four inch pole bar nails or 4-inch
20 D nails nail this plank to the left
post so that the bottom edge is at grade
level and the other end of the plank
reaches the center of the right hand
post before nailing the plank to the
right hand post use a carpenter's level
to make certain that the plank is level
the stall in this video is being
constructed using a pneumatic nailer of
course a standard hammer may also be
used repeat this process for the
subsequent levels of planks on the back
wall it is recommended that the wall be
eight planks high
fasten one you channel to the left edge
of the rear wall using number eight
screws that are one and a half inches
long fasten one screw at the top of the
channel and after using the level to
make certain the channel is plumb finish
securing it to the wall
repeat this process for the right-hand
post and also for the rear of the front
wall posts next measure the distance
between the U channels for the left wall
transfer this distance to a 2 by 12
plank and cut it to that length
slip this plank between the channels
until the plank is at grade level making
certain that the plank is level insert
the screws through the holes on the
sides of the U channels into each end of
the plank repeat this process for the
remaining wall planks of the left side
and then construct the right hand wall
in a similar manner
now install the 78 inch metal wall
stiffeners to the center of each wall
using the same screws
scribe a mark exactly 90 inches above
grade level on the front of the left
wall post
now measure the distance from the left
edge of the left front post to the
center of the right front post transfer
this measurement to the two by six
header and cut it to that length I'll
nail the header to the left edge of the
left post being certain that its top is
aligned with the mark you made
previously level the header and nail it
into place