how high is my favor and you can make
fun home
let me show you how to do that hi this
is luke addy
welcome to my cooking channel cuz i'm
gonna show you how to make a hot pot
home when I have time I always like to
have hot pot at home because I think
it's more convenient I can get haha
while watching TV and also I love my own
dipping sauce and it's very unique and
you can order it and commit ourselves
drums so I hope you enjoy first of all
you need to make your half a scoop face
this one is my favor the Sichuan spicy
soup base which you can buy from any
Chinese supermarket you just need a half
of a package it's quite spicy if you use
a whole package another one I'm gonna
use the tight on young-sook face you can
buy this type of sauce from china
supermarket as well two different ways
one I'm gonna do the search 1 by t2 face
which I just showed you and with this
sauce and other one I'm gonna do the pie
home you come to this I'm just going to
so half of the back because it's really
spicy
I'm also about half half of the green
onion so this is for the triangle choke
and so I'm going to use 3 Tomatoes and
here is about 5 or 6 white mushrooms and
I already cut them in chunks so they're
out for the tongs
so I'm gonna use 1 tablespoon of this
homemade bomb soap base and then a few
M&Ms and the prom I didn't take off that
name because actually with the shout and
will make even more cutie and delicious
and the Proms was absorb out of favor
photoshoot so now I'm gonna add hot
water and just go you wish
uncover it when it boils it will be
ready now as a hop has to face is
getting ready I'm going to make the
dipping sauce let's go over the
ingredients this is the chopped cilantro
chopped garlic chopped green onion you
also need a soy sauce vinegar sesame oil
and this is sesame vinegar you can buy
found any Chinese supermarket SATA sauce
which is great for hot fermenting a tofu
it's a must for hot pot as well and also
I'm using a little bit quantities on
paper corn now let's make the dipping
sauce I have one guest coming which is
my brother you know so I'm making three
dipping sauce so first of all you need a
1 TSP chopped garlic for each one and 1
TSP soy sauce and 1 TSP fermented tofu
for each a 1 TSP sesame vinegar 1
teaspoon vinegar 1 tsp sesame oil just a
little better citron peppercorn 1/2
teaspoons soy sauce
one teaspoon chopped green onion I'll do
that sir Yong Chun and now make sure to
mix everything even a I love those tofu
sticks for hot pot you just buy the
dried tofu sticks bound Chinese
supermarket and then soak it for 10 to
20 minutes and then you can serve when
you eat hotpot everything is served
wrong
the vegetables needs evil Wootton
dumplings won't win anything you like
and you just cook ever seen in the
center of the table where the hopper is
and you just cook whatever you like in a
boiling hot pot and whenever the
vegetable or meat is ready and then you
dip in the dipping sauce and then enjoy
I hope you enjoy to this recipe and
collab
you