today a salon expert here today's video
we want to have a look at what's the
what's the best weed killer for your
lawn okay we'll just go inside and have
a look at the the lawn care products
range inside Bunnings Bunnings is one of
the biggest hardware stores in australia
and we'll check out what the what retail
products they've got for for weed
control for herbicides to control weeds
in in the Lord they were inside the
Bunnings store and and as you can see
behind me it tells us that we're in the
lawn care aisle so we'll go have a look
as you can see the the products that
they really try to push on the the weed
and feed products these are at a more
accessible height I'm not a real big fan
of the weed and feed products some
because you tend to want to do your weed
control in the winter and not really
appropriate to be feeding the lawn then
so I sort of I'm more of a fan of using
specialist fertilizer products when you
need to and and then to use specialist
weed control products when you need to
okay so up high we've got products like
sage hammer
Paspalum killer lot
sorry clean one and then multi we'd been
dye bidden clover leader these are all
concentrated weed control products are
there they're all concentrated herbicide
products so you need to add this add
these products to to to to water in your
watering spray spray unit let's just
have a close look at these products the
the ones on the right the bhindi multi
weed and clean lon
they're all pretty much for our
broadleaf weeds in in lawns sad jammer
is great for for nut grass in most of
your grasses it's it's originally came
out as a product called Sempra but
search hammers great for nut grass you
know all your regular warm season
grasses and so that just about covers
all the all the concentrates that they
they have here on display okay now I
just want to have a closer look at bin
die and porticos weed killer for Buffalo
lawns now both of these products
registered for use on on Buffalo grasses
and it's really important to take note
of that if we just swing across - well -
these two Ambro products they're they're
registered for use on grasses like couch
Kikuyu and bent
however both of these products cannot be
used on Buffalo because they contain an
active called die camber which is which
damages Buffalo grasses so the the two
herbicides that are safe for Buffalo
grasses a bin die and porticos weed
killer for Buffalo lawns one last issue
I just want to discuss with with your
broadleaf weed herbicides is is
understanding the active ingredients for
active constituents within each
herbicide and if we go in closer to the
bin die if you have a look there of just
focusing on the active constituents you
see there's different active
constituents
for the for the bhindi product these are
all different with different products as
some of them contain active constituents
which are safe on certain grouses are
not not on others and we discussed this
before with the die camber which we know
is no good on buffalo grasses or is not
registered for use on buffalo grasses
they can help hope that helps you out
okay outside flower power now I just
want to have a quick look in here and
see what other products say they have in
terms of herbicides and fertilizers
flower powers a small garden center it's
not a huge jump hardware chain but it's
got a good range of fertilizers and
herbicides and we'll have a look at the
the herbicides I just want to show you
what's on offer and have a look at a
couple of the the active ingredients as
well okay up this end of the aisle
we've got weed and feed products so
you're not really too keen on them but
let's have a look at that's only a small
range of products either there is one in
particular I wanted to show you we've
already seen bin die we've seen sedge
hammer
we've seen I don't think we've seen that
one the Paspalum nut grass and clover
killer it's I think if I'm right is not
no good on on Buffalo but um let me just
check
yeah that's right it says he do not
cover spray buffalo or cloak ooh your
lawns so in other words bears only
allowing you to spot spray but it looks
like there's some stuff in there that
some may be bothered SMA that's some
that's the active see the active day SMA
that that knocks Corky around so this is
really this particular products really
only good on on couch now what I wanted
to show you was this particular product
is winter grass killer and it is a great
it's a great herbicide to get rid of
winter grass in Buffalo and couch
however you cannot use it on cokie you
and the active constituent in that is
let me just point to it is endeth al and
i'll spell that out in the fact sheet
for you okay that just about wraps up
the young for herbicides