hello this is Mindy from the weekend
Gardener and today I have a gardening
tip for you everyone has that tree in
their yard that they had chopped down
several years ago and the stump just
doesn't seem to be decomposing what do
you do well there are a few at home
techniques that you can try before you
make that phone call to that
professional train trimming service that
says they can remove stumps one of the
techniques I'm going to talk to you
about today is using absent salt absent
salt that you can get in at your local
drugstore now how we're going to use
epsom salt in this process is we're
going to drill 38 holes in the trunk of
the tree that has been cut as close to
the ground as possible and you want to
make sure that these holes are 10 in
deep actually the deeper the better in
this technique now what you're going to
do is is you're going to fill each one
of those
holes to the rim with epson
salt and you might have to work it in a
little bit smooth it with your hand but
you want to make sure that you have the
holes
full the next part of this technique
that you're going to want to do is
you're going to want to sprinkle some
epson salt around the
edge of your
stone
once you have done
that what you're going to want to do is
you're going to want to cover the stump
with a tart now the reason for this is
you want to keep water off that you want
to allow that absent salt to start
decomposing and killing that plant
material the tarp also will help build
up heat so that again it speeds up the
decomposition process now make sure that
you secure your tart down with some type
of weighted item it can be bricks it can
be bags of mul whatever you have lying
around in about 3 months you should be
able to pull this tarp up and see some
decomposition occurring so the next time
you got that stump try this technique at
home before you make that phone call so
until we meet in the garden again this
has been Mindy from the weekend gardener