good morning everyone
sandy here today I'm gonna attempt to
propagate this innate plant this leaf
came off the mother plant while I was in
the car the pot like flipped over and I
guess this leaf wasn't in good condition
to begin with so it just ripped off so
instead of just throwing this out I'm
just gonna try to propagate again this
is my first attempt so let's see how it
goes okay I have some clean and Clippers
song let's cut them in sections first
I'm gonna get rid of this damage sorry
damaged area
okay and since this is such a long leaf
I can do a bunch of cuttings I was
thinking of trying maybe 2/3 in soil and
1/3 in water to see what the difference
okay
and let's see two inch or 2 inch be good
so one important thing about propagating
this is the bottom always have to be
planted you can't plant it from the top
that it doesn't grow that way so it
would never propagate so when you cut
them off let's see you have to make sure
you know which is top and what you spot
them you know what I have a little I'm
just gonna make a small mark so this is
the top okay
so I'm going to quickly cut the rest
[Music]
okay so here's my cuttings as you can
see since it was such a huge leave I got
a bunch so let's get our pots prepped up
I have some empty nursery pots here our
new tools thank you so the rubber
foregrip oh and this is a little it's a
little sharp on the edges so I guess you
can okay
sorry the phone ring I don't know where
I left off but here are three tools very
cute so I'm just using what I have at
home
I have cactus soil and I add a perlite
oh sorry okay so three pots and I have a
small one with the water okay so let me
just here's the top like I marked I'm
just gonna stick them in maybe around
the inch in keep getting calls this
morning got cut off again
okay so here's another one here are the
two in the water
I'm not going to completely submerge it
it's just like just maybe there
like this
you see
so phony like a sign of my sternum
leader in or something like that okay
I'm gonna mark when I started this so
today is June 5th
okay
I didn't have to read it all four times
but yeah just in case
[Applause]
so here you go
so I'll check back in a month and
hopefully by then we'll see some kind of
change I want to keep it in a lightly
shaded area dry area and just okay okay
today is July 2nd so it's almost a month
here and I did kick at one of them so I
just want to give you an update since
like I know a little change has happened
to this little guy so this little guy as
you can see nothing ok
we have a pop Romi in there I think that
thing is dead okay and this little guy
can you guys see it there's some roots 1
2 3 4 5 20 minutes I am so happy so this
is my first time trying to propagate a
snake plant and it seems like it's
working awesome
okay of course I'm not gonna put it up
yet and I'm still kind of small so I
wanted to grow a little bit more before
I pop it in the soil okay
he's little guy I actually a few days
ago I'm to point out I don't see
anything happening you know what I have
so many fungus gnats in these little
things
okay so this
we'll see
also nothing I'll guess I'll continue to
keep these in the pots I wonder if I
should just stick to just have so many
of these in soil to to more put it in in
a glass to try to water it and maybe I
have better luck
what you guys think yeah maybe I will do
that shove it back then okay I'll keep
these two in the soil and I'll put this
in water okay
today is July 25th so it's been a while
I actually checked on one of these
little guys and I thought it's time to
give you guys a final update this is the
one that's been in the water the longest
and look at this awesome
lots of roots
okay well he's not doing too well that's
okay at the time I had three in soil but
there was absolutely no kind of update
or changes to them so I took one out and
put it in water so this one started in
the water on the second and as you can
see
this was pineap-- on the fifth and when
I pulled one up we can see hoops can't
see that tiny though root there nothing
on this little guy but I probably just
part up together I just want to give you
guys just a quick update
so nothing here either so I love the for
cuttings in soil there was only one that
showed the little group okay I'm just
gonna pop everything everything up wait
too long okay I have a punt here like
that from the ocean snake drop lot a
while back I thought this would be cute
to use
okay
[Music]
[Music]
cactus oil with perlite and I added some
mosquito bits I'm not sure how helpful
they are in preventing fungus gnats but
as I thought a big container of it
anyways
I might as well use it this plant
[Music]
fill it in a little bit
I'm gonna lightly water it okay yeah
that's it so and once I see any new
growth
oh sure to give you guys someone on an
update okay yeah these hasn't grown any
roots and I don't really have much space
in that big pot I'll just be part of
back into this small pot here
[Applause]
so this is how you propagate a snake
plant well I hope you liked the video
please subscribe give a thumbs up and
see you guys also again we upload videos
pretty frequently one to two times a
week so again subscribe click on a
notification belt so you know when
exactly my videos are out okay thank you