hi everyone today we're going to be
reviewing the Mickey Mouse Disney waffle
maker which I'm super excited about
because I have a young daughter who
loves Mickey Mouse loves Minnie Mouse
anything Mickey shaped she loves so I
really hope that these waffles come out
great because once she sees these she's
never going to want to have another
waffle so we're going to go ahead and
use our amazing waffle batter recipe
which you can find at wafflers hub.com
perfect waffle batter for any waffle
maker that you might have and today
we'll see how it does in this waffle
maker so let's go ahead and get started
okay so I turned on the Disney waffle
maker super cute when I took it out of
the box it has Mickey Mouse right on
front there so it's a nice design waffle
maker when you plug it in it has a light
that lights up in the shape of Mickey
Mouse so this light is not an indicator
light it doesn't tell you when the
waffles are done it simply tells you
when the machine is on and plugged in so
right now it is heating up it says it
takes about 3 to 5 minutes to heat so
I'm going to time it and see how long
before we put our batter in okay so I'm
going to go ahead and open up our Mickey
Mouse waffle maker it's still heating
there's Mickey Mouse face and you're
going to pour the batter right into his
face and actually there is a little bit
of a lip see how the edge is raised on
the Mickey face so if any batter goes
over it's just going to go into the
waffle maker and it should catch the
batter and give you a perfect shape
Mickey even if you put too much batter
in so I'm going to pour in some of our
amazing waffle batter recipe and cook
some waffles okay so I only used about
A4 of a cup of batter and I kind of
spread it a little evenly throughout the
ears and the face and it looks like it's
bubbling so it's heating up I'm going to
close the waffle maker and let them
cook okay so the instructions for the
Mickey Mouse Disney waffle maker said
that it takes about 3 to 6 minutes for
the waffles to cook so it's been about 4
minutes I'm going to go ahead and open
it
up and there's Mickey face so it looks
like they're pretty much done they're
golden brown no batter stick to the top
of the pan which is always great I
didn't have to spray it or anything it's
just that great non-stick surface uh the
light is still on never went off during
the process so I'm going to take out the
Mickey waffles and see how they taste so
this is the Mickey waffle straight out
of the waffle maker so the bottom is on
the bottom of the plate and the top of
the waffle maker where we closed it down
is on the top but I'd recommend going
ahead and flipping it because it's a
much better looking Mickey on the
bottom
that