I was recently tasked with installing a
new toilet seat and I saw it as a
learning opportunity for my son and then
I thought there may be others out there
that would benefit from this as well so
this is a video on how to remove old
toilet seat and install a new one I will
be installing a church stay tight toilet
seat this product features easy cleaning
never listening hardware and slow
closing here are some tools that you may
need depending on your existing
conditions a seat is held in place by
two bolts located at the back of the
toilet rim remove the nuts on either
side of the toilet seat you may need
tools might happens to be tool free you
may relieve tension on the nut by
lifting the seat slightly due to
corrosion the entire stud may be
released this is not a problem now the
seat can be lifted away in preparation
for the new seat clean the mounting
location unbox the new seat and do as
much pre assembly as possible if you're
using a different product your assembly
may be different consult the instruction
manual that came with your product this
seat uses special fasteners for a stay
tight system the pre assembly for this
product involves flipping the seat right
side up and unsnapping the hinge caps
flip the seat bottom side up to install
the studs orient the stud base side down
and snap into place repeat for the other
side
flip the seat once again and snap the
hinge caps closed this concludes the pre
assembly for this product and the seat
can now be installed align the studs to
the holes in the bowl don't worry about
straightening the seat at this point
finger tighten one of the provided nuts
to each side again lifting the seat
slightly may relieve some pressure on
the nut sooner the seat on the bolt and
hold in place tighten each nut until the
head pops off note that these special
nuts are specific to this product and
they don't usually snap off this way
typically nuts are tightened until snug
try not to over tighten this may crack
the ball test the operation of the new
seat this seat is slow closing this will
make the ladies in my household very
happy I hope you found this video both
informative and enjoyable please hit
that like button and subscribe thank you
god bless