good morning believe Nation today we're
going to talk about five ways to manage
your time and yourself rule number five
is my personal favorite and I'm curious
to figure out which one you guys like
the best also as you're listening in if
somebody says something that really
resonates with you please leave in the
comments below and put quotes around it
so other people can be inspired as
well
my challenge in our generation is that
gradually through entertainment through
television through media through every
way possible we are living in a
generation of the dumbing down of
ideas because we have traded
Effectiveness for
busyness statistics say yeah somebody
ought to clap on
that we are bus busier than any other
generation we have seen in the last 3 to
400 years we are so busy we we are
busier than a wall than a one arm
wallpaper hanger we're just busy you'll
get it later don't worry about it it
it'll hit you in a minute we are just as
busy as we can be and we think because
we're busy we're effective but I want
you to challenge your schedule for a
minute and ask yourself are you are you
really being effective or is your life
cluttered with all kinds of stuff that
demands you and drains you and taxes you
and stops you from being your highest
and best self and are you substituting
busyness and all the chaos that goes
along with busyness from being effective
let me tell you a bunch of scientists
got together they begin to do some
research and they begin to determine
that 80% of the things we do are busy
things that we do in an area that is not
effective that the average person only
spends
20% of their time doing the thing that
they are really gifted at created at
passionate about excited to do and the
rest of it is all the Dismal dumb stuff
that we all have to do in order to
survive just crazy stuff that we're
doing wonder what would happen if we
would go from doing 80% of things that
are busy but not effective and 20% of
the things that are really effective if
we would switch those numbers around and
only give 20% of our time to the things
that we have to do and 80% of our time
to the thing that we were created to
do wonder what would happen to your life
now think about it a minute I there's a
lot of things you could take from me and
I could make it you could take my suit I
got another one you could take my car I
could get another one you could take my
house I could get another house uh but
when you take my
time you have taken something from me
that is totally
Irreplaceable we take all kind of
classes for money management we we know
how to manage our money we know how to
repair our houses we're working on our
hair and our bodies and all of this kind
of stuff we do everything except the
most important thing is to value our
time it takes time to be creative you
were meant to be creative you were
created in the likeness and the image of
a Creator and in that likeness and in
that image you have
creativity if you had time you would be
creative but in the absence of time and
with busyness and cluttering the phone
y'all got music playing on your phone
all kinds of stuff and no matter what
kind of song you put on it after a while
you hate to hear it cuz every time you
hear that sound you know it's somebody
else wanting something else from you
that's taking you away from what you are
gifted and creative to
do
alltime management should always start
with a higher level conversation about
your life goals about what do you really
want to achieve in life and working
backwards from there cuz most people
just say well you know time management
uh check your email just twice a day I'm
like okay yeah that's a great tip thanks
but what's your goal I mean what do you
really want in life if you don't start
from there and then work back backwards
then you're just kind of doing random
tasks each day you find yourself doing
busy work but it's not your life's work
you might be getting progressively
faster or better or higher achieving or
more respected over here but it's in the
wrong area so let's not make you
effective and productive going down the
wrong path start with the big question
what do I really want for my life now
you've been through enough what now I
mean you're your older now you're more
mature now you're more independent what
what do you want now and when you think
about that think about three big
categories first think about yourself
your character who do you want to become
as a person who would you feel proud to
be you know what would create a lot of
self-respect and integrity in your life
where you're thinking that's the kind of
person I want to be start there always
like what kind of person do you really
want to be what would you have to
achieve to feel good about yourself
second think about your relationship
goals like how do you want to show up
for your family for your spouse for your
team for those that you lead or serve
what kind of person shows up for them
what's that energy like in your
interactions what do you ultimately want
to have or
experience uh in your family like how
would you know you're successful unless
you're gauging somehow what you want in
your relationships and then also think
about your growth both goals like what
would make you exceptional at what you
do what would really bring a higher
level of Excellence into your life what
about growth goals in terms of
enrichment what would make you happier
what would make you feel calmer more
stable more mindful more joyous more
happy I know these are random sets of
questions but they're all tied to one
simple idea we should know what our big
picture is what's our life goals and
then work backwards from there prepare
in advance you know the old saying
proper prior preparation saves poor
performance or prevents poor performance
the six PS and so prepare your work list
for the following day the evening or the
night before the last thing you do at
the end of the day is you lay out the
day that's coming the best exercise is
for you to plan your entire next day as
the last thing you do before coming home
from work when you plan your day the
night before your subconscious mind then
goes to work on your plans and goals
while you're asleep very often you'll
wake up in the morning with ideas and
insights that apply to the work of the
day now A major benefit of preparing
your daily list the night before is that
this exercise lets you sleep more
soundly a major reason for insomnia is
people lying awake trying not to forget
to remember everything that they have to
do the following day but once you've
written down everything that you have to
do on the list it clears your mind and
enables you to sleep deeply this will
help you increase your productivity
throughout the whole next day of work
because you'll be more relaxed and more
refreshed interestingly enough I've
discovered that time management really
comes down to setting conditions in your
life that make it so that you can't do
anything but focus on the important
things okay it's not about making a list
of things to do and then doing the right
things although that can be important
sometimes it's about setting up your
life and your environment so that you
automatically do the things that are
important and you don't have the option
to do other things examples include when
you first get to work in the morning
don't check your voicemail and your
email work for a couple of hours on your
most important project and work on
something that has a high lifetime value
something that's going to make a lot of
value create a lot of money now and in
the future what do most people do they
come in they check their email and their
voicemail and they see what everyone
else
has on the agenda for
them another thing to do is to set aside
entire days okay entire days of time
where you're only focused on the things
that create the most value and bring in
the most money so that you're not
checking your email you're not checking
your voicemail you're not doing any of
that stuff you might check your email
and your voicemail once or twice during
that day but only for a little period of
time the rest of the time you're you're
just solely focused on getting something
done another thing that we need to train
ourselves elves to do is invest time in
focused uninterrupted blocks now this is
an idea that all of the great time
management gurus teach all the way from
Peter Ducker back in the effective
executive to Modern experts like Dan
Sullivan and Jim Lair and Tony Schwarz
who wrote The Power of full engagement
it's very important to just focus on one
thing for an extended period of time
cultivate the ability to focus your mind
and when you're focused on one thing for
an extended period of time and you block
out all the distraction interruptions
and I mean turn off the phone turn off
the computer turn off everything else
you don't have anything to do but that
one thing so time management what it is
it's about managing yourself not about
managing your time it's about learning
how to develop healthy habits and
rituals so that you do the right things
every day and counterintuitively it's
about setting up the conditions in your
life physically emotionally and
logically so that you're forced to do
the right thing and you don't have any
other options spend time alone it's
incredibly important to get away from
this noise in this world of so much
complexity and think think about how you
can be more productive think about the
best uses of your time as I actually
flew here from batswana uh to this game
reserve I had a chance be in the uh in
the cockpit uh behind the uh to fly the
plane a little bit we were in a small
bush plane and I had a chance to fly the
plane and you've heard this before but
it was a powerful metaphor which was a
lot of the time I mean I was getting
pushed pushed off course and then I'd
come back on course and most of the
flight when I was flying the plane I was
getting pushed off course and getting
back on course and that's what happens
in our days and our weeks our months in
our life we're constantly being pulled
off course by Facebook notifications
mobiles ringing uh emails meetings
interruptions I mean that is one of the
greatest things we're at War at right
now the war against inter the war
against distraction and most of us are
suffering from partial attention deficit
disorder and you really need to pull
yourself away from the noise on a daily
basis and think maybe it's by writing in
a journal maybe it's by going for a walk
in the woods maybe it's by meditating
but thinking about the best uses of your
time reconnecting with your values
refocusing so you come back even
stronger and by the way time alone also
recharges your focus I mean focus is U
like it's a commodity and it it gets
depleted and you must refill your focus
every day to be more productive what is
time how do you know when it's a long
time or how do you know when it's a
short time it's not because it's 10
minutes or 10 hours how many been in 10
hours and time flew Because You Loved
what you're doing didn't have any sense
of time whatsoever how many you had that
experience say I how many you had 10
minutes feel like 10 years you wanted to
kill somebody to get out of the
situation so what is time time is
emotion got to remember that time is
emotion what you're really managing is
emotion another word for that would be
meaning or
fulfillment focus is power but you got
to take it take it back take back that
power and you got to know when you do
that that Focus how to chunk it how to
group it so you're not overwhelmed let
me show you how to make it simpler when
Mass information's coming at you you get
overwhelmed most of us are great
deletion creatures we delete most of
life right now there are million ions of
things around you you could be focusing
on thinking about giving meanings to
making decisions about what to do
Millions right now you can be focusing
on the blood rushing through your left
eardrum or the filling of your skin
against your body but most of you delete
that you don't even think about clothing
against your skin until I mention it or
your
heartbeat most of the universe you've
deleted because you go crazy if you try
to think about it all cuz human beings
have a limited amount they can focus on
at one
time and most of your stress is cuz
you're think thinking about too many
things at
once in fact when people don't do things
it's not because they can't it's not
even because they don't want to it's
because of the way they are focusing or
what I call chunking
things when people don't follow through
here's what they do give you an example
who here believes exercise is very
important but you don't exercise
regularly let me see show hands raise
your hand more hands than most of us
want to raise our hand right now who
here really focuses or I should say
exercises regularly raise your hand
regularly okay great who here does not
exercise regularly even though you
believe it's important just be truthful
okay great so let's see what the
difference is here a person who does not
exercise regularly I want you to raise
your hand and I want you to tell me why
you don't exercise regular be truthful
okay yes sir I don't have the time I
don't have the time now is that
true no he even knows it's not true he's
going to answer you first no but it
feels like he doesn't have the time cuz
time is emotion and he's got so many
other things he is focused on getting
results in that adding this to the list
seems like a lot right and the other
things are very important to him like
his business I don't have a time he has
the time what's the real reason he
doesn't do it because of the way he
thinks about exercise when he focuses on
what it would take to exercise he does
it very differently than someone who
follows through when you think about
exercising what's involved
at the moment about mile
14 quite painful okay he starts thinking
about I got to get to mile 14 of the
London marathon and that even the
thought of trying to get to the 14th
mile much less the 25th mile is like
beyond my imagination right now so he is
what I call over
chunked he's not thinking about what he
wants he's thinking about what's painful
you just saw a perfect example he's not
even thinking about Victory or
succeeding so the chance of him
following through on something that he
Associates major pain to when he can do
something else right now he can feel
competent or successful
at his chances of falling through are
very limited how many people follow that
say I his focus is on failure his focus
is on pain that's why he isn't following
through okay he's also focused on the
14th mile of a marathon rather than
today's
workout which one seems more daunting to
you
so when you think of what and here's
also what he's thinking about he's
thinking about the process not the
outcome or result he wants and when you
think about what it's going to take to
do something usually it takes a lot and
you're not going to want to do it so
he's over chunked himself he's trying to
eat the whale hole without taking any
smaller bites it seems too big for him
so he says well I'll do it when later my
Australian friends would say later right
and of course the problem with doing it
tomorrow is when you get to tomorrow
tomorrow is today and tomorrow never
comes so and you keep promising Yourself
by the way what does this do to you
emotionally when you keep breaking your
own promises with yourself or you keep
failing to do things that you know are
important does it increase your L sevel
of certainty and
confidence no what it does is it roads
it when you Road confidence in one area
believe it or not it affects the other
areas too do you believe me on that
don't believe me what about your own
life experience maybe not one area but
it starts to be multiple areas it sure
does another reason why somebody doesn't
exercise or do anything is because they
don't just chunk it too big they chunk
it in too many details I give you a
perfect example so I asked somebody one
time I said uh okay how important is
exercise is oh exercise is extremely
important really okay good and tell me
why don't you exercise regularly well I
and I just don't have time okay
everybody gives that answer that sounds
wonderful so tell me though don't tell
me about how much time you don't have
tell me this when you think about
exercising what do you think about which
is a way of saying what do you focus
on and so this woman says to me well my
gosh you know I mean I what do you mean
what do I think about well let's say I
said to you you you got to start
exercising and I'm going to put a gun to
the head of your children and I will do
very horrible things and hurt them badly
if you don't exercise could you do it oh
yeah I could do it you know if I if you
if some Mafia person came here and said
I'm going to kill your children if you
don't exercise every day how many think
you could find a way to exercise every
day no matter what your time constraints
may be so remember this remember this
change is never a matter of ability it's
always a matter of
motivation I'll say that again change is
never a matter of ability it's always a
matter of motivation or drive having
strong enough reasons if you got a
strong of reason you could figure out
the time couldn't you so the biggest
part of life and time management is is
knowing what you want and having enough
reasons to follow through so my quick
take on managing your time and yourself
I have two quick thoughts on it the
first is you want to make sure that you
plan it into your schedule at least for
me it works really well for me it may
not work for you but it's worth testing
out the important things that I want to
get done I make sure that there's a time
in the week for me to do them whether
that's shooting videos here on a
Wednesday afternoon for the week on
YouTube whether that is spending time on
Tuesdays making my book whatever it is
the important things that have to happen
in my life I them in also making sure I
have time you know for my wife and for
my son and for my family and booking
nights off and managing this business as
well the important things go in first
and then if I have extra time it goes to
the other things where I feel like too
many people let things bleed from one
into the next and you feel like you're
not getting enough of your to-do list
done and so put those important things
in first the second thing I would say
too though is making sure that you're
doing the things that you really want to
do you're doing the things that you're
passionate about that you're excited
about that have high value I feel like a
lot of of times the goals that we set
for ourselves aren't really truly deeply
meaningful goals it's great to like nice
to have we should do that you've read a
book and somebody's all fired up about
something and so you want to go out and
do that I remember reading books and
somebody's talking about going out and
writing a manuscript or making a
painting like yeah yeah I want to do I
want to write a manuscript I want to
make a painting and then realize it's
not actually something that I want to do
and so taking a really good hard look at
your goals and seeing are they things
that are really motivating for you are
the things that must happen or things
that just should probably happen because
you're not going to do the things that
you should do you do the things that you
must have to do so be passionate about
the goals that you put
down so thank you guys so much for
watching I'd love to know what you
thought of the video what was your
favorite comment leave it down below and
I'm going to join in the discussion I
made this edition of believe life
because Edgar asked me to so if there's
a topic you'd like me to cover in the
next edition of believe life leave it
down in the comments and I'll see what I
can do finally want to give a quick
shout out to Andre CES from cesf
financial.com Andre thank you so much
for buying my book it really really
means a lot to me for those of you
watching you want a chance at a shadow
in your future video make sure to pick
up a copy of the book and email in your
receipt so we can keep track thank you
guys so much for watching continue to
believe or whatever your one word is and
I'll see you
soon in
Switzerland uh there are some mountains
that
can be climbed by people like you and me
we got to get a little bit better
condition but I mean it's not like the
mountain climber mountains that would be
way beyond our skill level but but but
some of these mountains that can be
climbed by you and me that it takes a
day to get to the top and then that you
camp up there and you come in down the
next day and on many of these places
where in Switzerland where you can do
that about halfway up the mountain is
what they call the halfway house halfway
house halfway up the mountain so the a
group of people starts off off with a
guy in the morning and about noon you're
kind of tired and you've been walking
now for four or five hours and here
comes you're coming up to the halfway
house it's just a it's it's it's a
wonderful sight because soon as you
enter in the halfway house you can smell
the food and they're they're getting
ready for a good lunch and you sit down
there's a fire in the fireplace and
there's nice soft chairs and you can
just rest your body and refresh your
body and and so the people go into the
halfway house and they eat and laugh and
enjoy and and just really
really just kind of take in that that
wonderful refreshing
atmosphere about an hour and a half
after being the halfway house the guide
gets up and says well gang it's time to
put on your gear we we got to hike we
got to get on up to the
top this is a
fact about half the people decide not to
go on up to the
top they they're sitting around the
table and they're just say you know what
go on up you're going to be come by here
tomorrow you're gonna be having lunch
here again tomorrow we're just going to
hang here and a a and so the people that
want to get to the top they put their
stuff on and they kind of leave and and
the rest of the people St behind they
you know eat a little bit more food get
around the piano sing some songs get
around the fireplace enjoy the fire warm
themselves by the fire all have play
games all afternoon kind of enjoy
themselves but about 4:30 qual 5 in the
afternoon without anybody saying a
word the people who stayed in the
halfway
house they
slowly go over to where the window is
the big
window and they start looking outside
and they start looking up at the top of
that mountain and as they look at the
top of that
mountain they see their
friends their friends are now getting
the tents out and they're getting ready
to prepare for the night and it becomes
very
quiet very
somber because everybody in the halfway
house realizes the mistake they've
made they've they've they they've
they've sold their Miss Miss for a
little bit of comfort for a few
hours next morning down come their
friends and by noon they come into the
halfway house when they come in the
halfway they are laughing they're
high-fiving they're talking about what
they've seen where they've been
experiences the fact that it was almost
impossible to get up there in fact they
had to help each other get up there and
how they joined teams and held hands and
and they just telling all these stories
and talk about the pictures they've
taken and yeah they got the group
picture up there with the flag at the
top and the people remain
behind they don't say
much they just eat their
lunch and then follow the rest of them
down to the bottom of the
hill where their friends are waiting for
them and those who paid the price and
went to the
top who understood now is the time to
reach the
mission they hug and tell stories and
celebrate and the others say just kind
of slip off and get in their car and go
home because they
realize they're never going to be what
they wanted to be they're never going to
see what they wanted to see they're
never going to do what they wanted to
do because they failed to realize when
they're at the halfway house now's the
time to
rest and then go on