you
you
you
hi everyone Scott Weaver with designers
workroom so today we're going to look at
this loveseat here it's got a couple of
issues one being that this is pushed all
the way in if you look at both sides
this from this side over here has nice
firm cushions to it on the lumbar
support all three of these look good but
on this one we have an issue here this
is feeling a little dull you might say a
little empty and this one there's
nothing here so there's a couple of
possibilities for that but what we're
going to do is we're going to take it
apart we're going to look at it and
there's and a few of the reasons would
be that this is your save your favorite
chair and that your reclining it all the
time and you squish the padding down now
the possibility is that your child keeps
springing off of it but actually in this
one in this case it happens to be a
yellow lab named Newman
[Applause]
Newman keeps running and using this as a
springboard off of it so he's done
something this cushion and we'll be
right back we're gonna take a look at it
stick with me
[Music]
you
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
alright so the first thing we're gonna
do is we're going to peel back this is
just velcro down here and we're going to
take a look and inspect the back of the
see if we can see any foam or what's
happening behind here I'm just going to
take this up so we take a better look at
it
just velcroed on all right so we don't
see any foam or anything that's fallen
out of it however but in looking at this
we can we can tell that this is probably
stuffing that's not supposed to be here
that's either could be loose stuffing or
it could actually be a pillow yeah just
a regular type of a pillow that is
shifted and moved so it could be one of
those now the pillow itself could be
filled with just regular fiberfill or it
could be chunks of foam but to better
we're going to take this off to take a
look at it to determine we're going to
take this off and then we're going to
pull all the staples around it we're
going to take a look exactly what's
what's in here now if I can reposition
this camera what we want to do is look
to get a better look here see if we can
get in there and let's get her see if we
can get it okay gonna be a little hard
to see in here but anyway this right
here is what we need to take off and
there has a little clip and maybe I can
show you better on the other one but
there's a right in here there's it see
how I'm lifting this see if you can if
you can see that here it's gonna be a
little hard but maybe you can see how
I'm lifting that up that's how we're
going to pull this off now be honest
with you this isn't always easy but and
you have to do it on both sides but you
can pry this up okay maybe you can see
that now
all right we can do that on both sides
this little guy right here is what it
clips into you see how it goes like that
and you have to release both sides of it
let me swing this camera around here so
you can see this one a little bit better
maybe now that one's partially off let's
see if I can see that yep mm okay so
there it is right here and it's got the
same same thing get around here
whoops sorry about that all right yeah I
think you can see that one pretty good
and it's right in here you just you're
either gonna push it here or put it in
here now suck these can all be different
but that's pretty much how are you gonna
see how that comes off you're gonna do
that on both sides and of course you got
to kind of do it equally otherwise ones
can go back in and and go back out but
anyhow that's that's how that works
right there apologize for the dog hair
that is all Newman the yellow lab that
lives here anyhow so let's pull this off
we're gonna bring it in the other room
we're gonna take a look and see what's
inside this cushion be right back all
right so here is the cushion in question
right here and as you can see this is
nice and flat right through here and
this is the part we're gonna look at and
this is also doesn't have as much
cushion left into it as it could have
so now let's flip it around and we're
gonna take a look at what we have to
unstaple you can see this is all
stitched up and where it's all stitch up
there's no staples here so we're only
going to unstaple anything that we can
see so we don't we're not going to pull
any of this stitching off we don't need
to everything is accessed right to where
this black is right here so any place
you see staple which is going to be
along here along this side and right
across here so we're gonna go ahead and
we're gonna pull all this off so we can
examine what
what's underneath here and find out
what's happening with the cushion now
there's several type of staple pullers
as you will that you can use I prefer a
basic screwdriver but I'll show you some
of the other things that people use this
is May 4 it's that you can see it's got
the little angles for it and I used to
use this I tried it I I just didn't care
for it then some other people like
something very small like this what does
work great but if you pull a lot of
staples this is awfully small and I'll
tell you what that hurts in the palm
after you've pulled several so my
preference and this has been used a lot
is got a little bigger of a handle - it
doesn't hurt after you know pulling a
couple of thousand staples or sometimes
you have to with the upholstery but you
just have to find something that's
comfortable in your hand and so you go
right ahead and we're gonna start
pulling all these little staples out of
here and try to be careful oh the other
thing you need to use is a needlenose
pair of pliers so when you pull it out
if he doesn't come completely out you
take that needlenose pair of pliers and
you can just go ahead and pull the rest
of it out you know also any sharp edges
either pound them down or pull them out
so you don't cut yourself and bleed all
over the material so I'm gonna go ahead
I'm gonna pull all these staples we're
gonna see what we've got behind you all
right so I got almost all the staples
out and the rest of them here ahead of
time is I just said the pair take a pair
of needlenose because the woods hard and
they just wanted to break off so now if
the pair of needlenose that you take out
the rest of and then we can see what we
have inside here the mystery a lot of
time to just pillows believe it or not
yeah it's just easy but other times they
do fill them but because this is stitch
like this leads me to believe then it's
a pillow inside and there's probably
three separate pillows that's what I'm
guessing I could be wrong we'll see
all right so we have in here there's a
piece of foam and here is the pillow now
this pillow used to be in here used to
be way in here see if I can up around
you can see it anyhow it should be right
in that cavity right here to fill this
in and it used to have a zipper I can
see where there was a zipper so if I can
point this down a little farther here
lay down here okay there used to be a
zipper and the zipper tour wears cheap
fabric and a tour away from here and
each one of these also have a zipper so
you can get them out if you can see that
or not I apologize I don't have anybody
really holding this anyhow there is a
zipper right here on this one and
there's also a zipper way up top now I
in looking at this I cannot find the end
of that zipper the possibility I might
not be able to get get to it the top one
I can get to the zipper and I just unzip
them sorry I can't show you this right
now so our biggest problem is right here
we have to put put the foam back inside
there and so the first thing I think I'm
gonna do I'm gonna put a piece of Dacron
so I can build it up now slip a piece of
Dacron inside there to line it with
first and since the zipper is broken
and have to deal with that separately so
you don't have to put this Dacron in you
can I just wanted to build up this
lumbar a little bit more and there's
another way I could go about it which
would be to take this seam out and put
more stuffing in here now what I'm gonna
do is I'm gonna put this back in just
the way it is just I'm going to put it
back in to where it belongs which is
underneath this green strap these work
these straps are supposed to do they're
designed to hold them in but when you
have like a hug like world Newman
jumping on your furniture and playing
now he's getting older so he doesn't do
it so it's worth me fixing it now
bubbling him it is brother
another four-legged companion were
younger
they he used to use this as a
springboard I said well I'm just gonna
wait okay so that should take care of
putting that back in to where it belongs
which is writing here that looks a
little better doesn't it what you can't
see you hold on there we go
that looks a little bit better that's a
lot more full that also helps that
because now this is back in here it's
gonna give this more body to so with
those being in there I'm going to take
this piece of foam that they had and I'm
gonna put it back in here it goes
underneath these straps
okay so this is how it should be in here
just like that I'm gonna put this down
here so you can see okay that's how
that's supposed to be all tucked in here
now I'm going to do one more thing is
I'm going to take a piece of fabric and
I'm going to staple it in here and
stretch it and I'm gonna staple all
along this piece of wood right along
here and the reason why is I don't want
this what originally happened was one
who is this came out and this piece was
pushed back so I don't want that to
happen again so by taking a piece of
fabric and stapling it all along in here
it should protect from that coming back
out again
and I'm gonna show you that in a minute
I'm you're gonna go ahead and staple
that in and we'll show you and that
should hold that in there and that's
gonna look a whole lot nicer all right
so what I did cuz I separate was broken
in here so I took a piece of left over
this is drapery lining actually and I
cut it and I stapled it all the way
around here I stretched it to the other
side by pushing this padding down
stretched it over and I stapled it along
here and then I stapled it along the
bottom so that's holding that in pretty
good it won't come back out of here
again and like I say it won't listen
elephant starts jumping on this and it
tears this out too but this is a good
fix right here but in saying that when
I'm looking at the front of this okay so
I've got two of these these looking
really good move the camera up here but
this thing you know it does have some
puckers so with this bottom cushion
looking good in this grit this cushions
looking good now I'm gonna build this
cushion up by not taking this pillow out
because trying to take this pillow out
of pain but you can see in this corner
here it needs a little bit a nice little
in here and since there
zipper holding everything in and still
taking it out my suggestion if you can
get in there because you have to get in
there with your hands is to get in where
the zipper is and get some get some
you'll find this it's for pillows ok yet
sometimes people some people call it
pillow fluff or polyester polyfill which
is basically what this is and where the
zipper is you're just gonna build up
around the corners and build up where
the spots that are that are sagging on
it and so you just want to take that and
push it into any corners that you can
and then put that a zip right back up
and we'll show you what the outcome is
in a second okay so Mike it's just about
stuffed as much as I need to just this
little corner right here needs a little
bit more I can see it's pretty full fill
here full there can't talk but this
still isn't so I'm just gonna flip it
back over I know it's in that corner and
so I'm just gonna add a little bit more
fill find that little pocket where where
there's a zipper and push it right into
that corner again this is just polyfill
there now the thing is I don't want to
add too much more because I want this to
look like the other half of it so I
don't want to overfill this one and have
this one look so much better than my
other one so you want to make sure that
they're about both about the same so now
I'm just gonna go ahead and zip that up
we should get show you inside here a
little bit better maybe if I take the
camera off maybe I can get a better view
and I do apologize about that see here
let me take this off see if we can show
you inside here a little better
all right here we go let's see if you
can see okay so there is the pillow we
get a little light on here okay so let's
see here
all right there's my mic pillow you can
see some of my stuffing in the corner
right there and now there is a zipper
here unfortunately I don't know if I hit
three hands that would be great but in
there there's a zipper so I'm going to
push that that cushion down a little bit
farther and I'm going to zip it back up
so there's a zipper there there was a
zipper in the center over here which I
believe I showed you and then of course
this is what I did and I padded it and
stapled this on to keep this cushion in
here so anyhow I'm gonna go ahead and
zip that up we'll wrap this video up so
there's the finished product folks
that's what it looks like now I think it
looks pretty good
see how the top is stuffed pretty well
and then there's the bottom lumbar right
there looking pretty decent so I mean
for an older couch or loveseat rather
this is looking pretty good damage is
all fixed so hopefully if you have a
project like this you'll be able to just
pull it apart a little bit see what's up
and do a little repair anyhow thanks for
watching and I will catch you soon
you