what's up guys Vanessa here I thought
I'd show you how to make three nut milks
today coconut almond and cashew they're
a breeze to make and when you make them
yourself you know what's in them unlike
when they come in a box you never know
what you're getting so first up is
luxurious coconut milk don't buy it in a
can
you can easily whip up a batch at home
even if you don't have fresh coconuts
start with a cup of desiccated coconut
and you then want to add about two cups
of water
one and a half if you wanted extra
creamy and then blend and see you know
it's not rocket science but it does
taste a lot better than what you get in
the can or the powdered version so don't
skimp out on quality don't be lazy this
will last in your fridge for at least a
couple of days if you keep it in the
fridge might never last because I use it
up for curries and desserts and whatnot
moving on
almond milk another contender that's
very expensive I soak these overnight
and they became nice and plump II you
then want to just rinse them under the
water get rid of the gunk and put them
in your little blending thing add some
water so for a cup of oh sorry a cup of
almonds I'm adding about 1 and 1/2 cups
water you can add two cups and telly up
to you I like mine more creamy and you
just want to blitz grab a date as you
can see I have more than enough dates I
don't even know what to do with them
anymore anyway you want to grab a couple
of dates about maybe let's say 4 so I've
just deseeded them I'm adding them to my
milk and I'm also adding a little bit of
cardamom powder feel free to experiment
you can add vanilla you can add cinnamon
up to you you're the master of your
kitchen this is just the base recipe
between takes something happened to my
sieve not sure what happened to it
anyway let's continue you just want to
then pour your almond blitzed almond
mixture and just sieve it or you could
just use a clean cloth like I'm doing
here which is more sensible and just
squeeze the life out of it like so and
then for this lovely delicious goodness
in a jar and use it up when you need it
should last about 4 to 5 days in your
fridge and last but not least cashew
milk and grab a cup of cashews I soaked
peas overnight as well and I just added
them to my blender same process added
some water enough to what you cover your
cashews use a little more cash is
expensive don't make it stretch a bit
and then just blend away if you want to
sweeten it you can I prefer not to
and then just strain it um cashews don't
really have much left over so point to
self you don't really need to strain it
and then pour this delicious gold in
your bottle I like using this in my
coffee it looks a bit funky when you put
it in the coffee initially but it tastes
great guys don't toss away the leftover
almond or the coconut you can use it in
so many different things you can use the
coconut in chutneys and the almonds you
can use them to make cookies well dry
them in the oven and you can use them to
make cookies or even in a body scrub
like I do or in a face mask
ladies say hey leave a comment in the
comment section and let me know how you
guys would use up your almond meal and
coconut leftovers I'd love to hear your
ideas don't forget to hit subscribe if
you aren't already following this
channel and do click the belly icon so
that you can be notified when the new
tutorial comes out take care guys and as
always happy cooking