hi I'm Nathan if you watched my other
two videos then you know what the
purpose of these are I am running a bit
of an experiment to see if my kübra
banjo Patterson heritage felt hat will
take a rematch without having to wet it
so this belt is has it's not so old but
it's well traveled and is very very soft
and the first video showed that I was
able to bash it in various styles and it
took the batch very easily and it kept
it kept the batch so what I did last
night was I cleaned the felt with
actually with Johnson's baby shampoo
I turned the hat around so that the
inside would mold to my head I actually
I had it I had actually shampoo it twice
because the mold smell was quite strong
around where the leather band was it was
quite strong so I actually had to really
really work that baby shampoo into the
felt and you can see that it that it
wasn't damaged it's not it's not all the
way dry yet but but it's good enough the
crown is still good enough to go ahead
and do this video the top of it where
I'm going to do the dent is dry so
here's the who's the old back of it and
once I get the dents in the top the way
that I like it if it takes then I'll
actually move that I'll either remove it
or I'll move it around to the back just
to get it off my forehead but I really
like the look of this banjo Patterson
turned around backwards for some reason
it it feels really nice to me like it I
like the look of it also I've got a hole
in the
in the front and I want to protect that
a little bit so I'm turning it around
I'm hoping we'll give some protection to
that damaged part of the self to help me
do this dent I'm going to take some pins
I saw another video on the door lounge
where somebody had used toothpick to
mark the center of of the crowd and I
like that idea so I'm actually going to
use because I don't have obviously any
ribbon I'm going to I'm going to use
safety pins and I'll put one in the
front just put one in the front here
very gently place it in roughly there
and then I'll put another one in the
back roughly stri it straight across
from it and this is just a rough
estimate yep that looks about right and
then I'm going I'm actually so so I'm
putting a modified Center dent because
this is such a such a shallow crown it
won't keep the center dent without
popping out so this is this is a kind of
a dent that I I mean I I don't want to
claim that I invented it but but I had
never seen a dent like this before
and it allows a center dent and it looks
a little bit like a like a Cattleman's
so I'll just show you how I do it and
here it is so this is a completely dry
crown there's a little bit of moisture
in the bottom but the crown top is dry
through this heritage quality felt and
it's very well traveled it's very soft
it's very malleable it's about three
years old so here's my pin I'm just
going to press into the felt down to
those pins there we are you can see how
easy that goes and there's
there's that sensor dent clean it up a
little all right very nice it actually
took that really nice but if I put it on
it's as far as I can put it without
without the top of my head hitting that
hitting that sinner dents so now what I
want to do I'm going to take it I'm a
squeeze squeeze the sensor together just
a little bit to get a more narrow feel
there and then I want to take take the
sides
and I'm going to pinch them into into a
tight pinch so that there is a small
side dent just in the center of that of
the Hat and see how that works
that works for you can see how how
malleable this is I mean this really
truly takes the takes the manipulation
without any argument it's not bouncing
back very very all right now I've kind
of got it so I'm going to take these
pins out go to where I want it you can
see the large crater inside it's come so
I'm going to hold that that crater with
one finger and I'm going to take my
thumb underneath I'm just going to going
to work the felt up a little bit a
little bit at a time to try to get
enough room for my for my crown for the
top of my head and see if this will work
we'll try it like this minute up good I
want to have I want to have the front a
little bit lower than the back
personally for this for this crown
that's the style that I want
all right I think I'm actually happy
with that it's really really very even
um it's pretty dead center there's the
top of it besides they've got a small
dent it's got a downward slope to it
maybe a little bit too high eventually I
might push that down a little bit but I
want to again I want to protect this
this hole that's forming in the back
down here and and I'm quite happy with
that it's very handsome it didn't
require any water it's very solid it's
staying staying in place and I'm quite
happy with that now I'm going to add a
band here but I'm going to wear this
just a little bit to let some sunlight
hit this area where the mold was where
the leather band had to mold so I want
to give the sunlight some chance to
really to really activate the health in
this area before I put a new band on and
I'll see how the smell goes maybe I want
to hit it with some Johnson baby shampoo
again before I knew put a new band on
there I'll post some pictures when I get
a new band on but they are heritage
spelt a heritage quality at kübra felt I
don't think I could have done this when
it was new but now after this thing's
been around the world with me I've worn
it every day and in the Sun in the cold
sweated in it and it's super soft and
super malleable there it is it's my
videos thanks for watching see you on
the Fedora lounge but