oh good morning everybody this is a
Bella rotating Belgium waffle maker we
picked it up for the holidays not too
long ago it is not the most expensive
rotating or flip waffle maker but it
should be a good one and what I'm gonna
do today is open it up show you what's
inside we're gonna make waffles for the
kids for breakfast we've not had this
brand before our last brand I think was
an Oscar and lasted it lasted us about
five years but that's with kids using it
and not the best care probably with the
young'uns learn how to use it so without
much further ado well let's open this up
Oh real quick price on this as of let's
say December 2018 I think was under $30
so I'm gonna go ahead and put the price
right here I'll look it up after this
but between twenty and thirty dollars so
you're not gonna break the bank let's
open it up
[Music]
[Applause]
okay here it is in all its glory packed
pretty well in this little clamshell of
styrofoam that's pretty much it movable
in the box so really no damage and
shipping with this one so if you want to
send somebody that'd be okay I has a
nonstick surface in here that was
protected with a little foam fabric in
the middle comes with directions in
little pamphlet here this is a nonstick
surface let's close it for storage
everything folds up nice and compact so
you can fit it in a normal cupboard they
have the height just right for that the
cord is not terribly long but you don't
want a long cord you want something
that'll sit on the cone counter and just
plug into where you're going to use it
in general long cords and kitchen
appliances aren't a good combination has
a removable drip drip tray excuse me
that fits in the bottom here and there
are little ridges on there so you know
when you got it sitting straight or
square or how they want it so that's
good I pulled it out and on top there's
a ready light up here and that means a
power light here red one and then a
ready light so you're gonna load this
thing up I assume and wait for this
green light to illuminate and that'll
tell you when your waffle is done so
pretty neat some other things I can tell
you about it before we go ahead and make
a batch it does have a 2-year limited
warranty
it is BPA free and pfoa-free one thing I
always do use when we make waffles and
I'll show you what to make it is the
nonstick spray little aerosol it just
makes cleanup that much easier
[Music]
you
alright let's let the same warmup you
can see the power light is on okay we
have the green light I was reading the
direction for us warming up and it says
it takes between three and five minutes
for that green light to warm up on the
initial warmup subsequent waffles will
be much quicker it says I'm gonna go
ahead and stead go ahead and install the
little plate down there to keep some of
the mess up and I've got a little timer
down here that I'll start once I put the
waffle mix on as promised I'm going to
use a little nonstick cooking spray on
there just hit the top bottom and we'll
put this on I put it right in the middle
we'll see if that's enough rotate it
over start this
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
hey the timer went off about two minutes
we're gonna rotate it back lift this up
and you can see I'm put enough batter in
there
so you'll figure out what that is the
directions I was reading says if you
don't like the consistency of this or
the feel of it that's a little soft I'm
gonna give it another 30 seconds turn
that over but the directions did call
for you to use some sort of a
lubricating oil on the on the surface as
well so that's not me making it up
it also says use a non metallic utensil
to get the waffle maker off off the
griddle so give this a few more seconds
and we'll check it out again the
Greenline hard the power light will stay
on the entire time it's plugged in or
the power light will burn so we'll plate
this up so not the prettiest because I
use a little bit not enough waffle but
it does the job crisp in the middle warm
very thick we're gonna do one more try
to get the amount a little bit better
and we'll put that in there and we'll do
a quick taste test okay I'm kind of
embarrassed I can't find the light
little bedroom tray but I'm gonna take
this up to the missus give her a taste
test for it's about 7:30 Sunday morning
we gotta get up ready for church anyway
but let's see if she likes it I am gonna
keep this part private I hope you
understand
ok we're all done this is the Bella
Belgian waffles in minutes thick waffle
automatic rotating waffle maker works as
advertised I made two waffles with it so
far they taste delicious they are a nice
firm texture and very thick real clean
here I would just wipe this with a paper
towel and not use metal utensils on it
so I'd give this thumbs-up
as with all my videos I'll put a update
in the remarks and six months a year
same as of whatever date we've had it
for a year and still going strong so you
know it's good anyway that's my review
and opening of this Bella waffle maker
thanks for watching
[Music]
you