French meringue is an important element
in so many delicate desserts and we got
the basics down with those little birds
nests but now it's time to take on a
little more of a challenge by making a
classic passion fruit pavlova the
foundation for the pavlova is the same
principle this French or common meringue
as the bird's nest I've doubled that
proportion though so I've got four egg
whites whipped with a full cup of sugar
to that stiff peak the key difference is
I haven't added the cream of tarter yet
and that is intentional before I add it
I want to get my pan ready I need to
trace circles just like I did for the
bird's nests but because it's a larger
dessert I use the inside of a tart ring
and still have to flip it over thick and
glossy just like the first time around a
good stiff peak so I'm ready to add the
other ingredients just in small amounts
this is where the magic in baking is
well actually it's more of the science I
do need cream of tarter 3/4 of a
teaspoon and the other absolutely
crucial ingredients in a pavlova
cornstarch a tablespoon of it the magic
in the cornstarch is that it holds in
moisture so now as the meringue bakes in
the oven it's gonna hold the moisture
from the sugar in the center of the
meringue so where the bird's nest was
crispy all the way through the pavlova
is gonna have a crispy exterior and a
soft marshmallow like interior now I'm
gonna stir this together just to combine
so it incorporates quickly and easily
you always add it at the very end I like
to use a whisk or even the whip
attachment from my mixer this allows me
to incorporate those ingredients like
flour or cornstarch without tearing
through all those bubbles I worked so
hard to build into the meringue in the
last edition about a teaspoon of vanilla
and that really adds that marshmallow
taste
now instead of the piping bag like the
birds nests I put the entire meringue
mixture in the center of that circle it
doesn't have to be quite as precise
adjust to the outer edges absolutely
gorgeous
I've preheated the oven to 275 and it
takes because it's a bigger dessert 60
to 90 minutes as the pavlova bakes at
its slow temperature is slowly expands
creating that beautiful crust and soft
interior you can see how much the
pavlova expanded as it bakes that's the
cream of tarter at work I have when
cooled and ready to be assembled before
I put the toppings on I like to transfer
the delicate pavlova onto my serving
platter
I used the bottom of a removable bottom
tart pan to make the job a little easier
I've taken a cup of whipping cream
whipped it to soft peak I'll add a
little bit of lemon zest along with just
a tablespoon of the lemon juice I'll add
3 tablespoons of sugar and just a splash
of vanilla and then this gets spooned
right on top there we go and the last
step and that's to top it with fresh
passionfruit
you just cut the fruit in half to reveal
that beautiful interior and you can eat
the seeds juicy fruit
you don't need to add anything to it
just spoon those seeds all around the
whipped cream spreading it so everybody
gets an even portion how at a cooler is
that