Chris from being campaigning in this
video we're going to show you how to
operate the DeWalt power washer we've
got set up here at the wall power washer
4200 psi hit 4 gallons a minute we want
a power washer with a high amount of
gallons per minute F psi so we can reach
a high a two-story houses at your reven
going to power wash this a small house
you can build something with it fast but
we use the size power washing
we got power-washing here there's going
to be two points we've got a point where
actually hook up our hoes in one which
is where the water comes out I watch the
house you've got a hose that we actually
hook up that actually gets feeds us
water from our access source got it set
up close actually turn dollars
water to the power washer once we get
the pull the trigger on the lawn itself
we want to search all the air out of
line maybe there's open air bubbles once
you see that the water is running out of
dirt baby with those air bubbles we can
go ahead and start up a power washer we
use two orifices when we actually power
wash we use a brass rotating nozzle
which does a really good job cleaning
and anything we could reach without
different size tip we use a red orifice
40 hot orifice tip this is used for
spraying things and really high areas if
we can't reach our grasp rotating nozzle
here and
one key element is once you get the
power washer started
that power-washing arrived for more than
have water run through it as a common
self gas
once you fire up a power washer make
sure when your power washing if you got
to stop
they've turned a power washer off pull
the trigger every minute to keep it
public so
and to start the power wash there you
want to make sure you've got water
hooked up the carwash occurs otherwise
it's gonna actually hold it so the water
itself is actually what keeps the pump
itself so on ours DeWall power washer
most power washers it is a joke it's
cold outside they're going to want to
flip the choke over to choke it's got a
gas that that actually is just the gas
on it they can go fast or slow and it's
not
this side so I'm going to want to turn
on/off valve on make sure it's got full
throttle we don't need to choke as it's
warm today I'm going to go ahead and
start tomorrow
see once we got that power washing
started up night attempted to exit power
wash the bottom there was still air in
the line that's why the power washer
would actually get water going through
the line and actually start spraying out
in high pressure so you hold the get
back off encourage the air out by
pulling the trigger and let water run
through
that I actually kept good even motion
you want to actually power-washing every
single lap going back and forth this
house has some severe blistering so
paints actually coming off with ease and
then we've been to go back and prime
that with actually peel bond
hi means to
orifice extra Beach oh hi how you run
into wall power washer