[Music]
welcome to Mommy and chief I'm your host
Leila Ali now today I'm going to share
one of my favorite recipes with you not
only is it a healthy take on Fried
Chicken my oven fried chicken is a crowd
pleaser and it's the perfect holiday
dish for any Gathering that you have now
let's get right on into it I like to use
chicken wings so I've cleaned and
prepared my wings but you can use any
part of the chicken that you would like
I've got some paprika here I'm going to
go ahead and season this chicken up you
can be generous with it I'm going to use
a little bit of garlic powder onion
powder now these recipes and exact
measurements will be available to you
online I like to season to taste so I'm
going to use pepper and sea salt now I
know a lot of you like to use seasoning
salt so go ahead and get any brand that
you love and you can add that to your
chicken you know really can't mess this
up you can subtract or add any
seasonings that you like okay so I have
the seasoning on the chicken now we need
to get it nice and rubbed into the
chicken now I don't want to use my hands
for sanitary Reasons I'm going to put
these gloves
[Music]
[Applause]
on okay so I've got it mixed up pretty
well I'm take these gloves off now we're
going to add this chicken to whole wheat
flour a lot of people ask me why I like
to use whole wheat flour because it's
just better for you
unrefined and it's whole wheat so
anytime you can get your grains in you
should put this chicken in the
bag now if you have a paper bag plastic
bag you want to use a bowl it doesn't
matter you just need to make sure that
you coat your chicken very well
sometimes I like to add a little extra
seasoning to the bag so if you want to
use a little bit more of your seasoning
salt we're going to spray this pan which
I've covered in foil because I just
don't want to have mess the clean up
afterwards it's really easy to you know
just take this foil and throw it away
when we're done so cover a nice oven pan
in foil then you're going to use
whatever type of oil you like to use but
I use olive oil or coconut oil and you
want to get it in a spray version or you
want to get yourself a pump that you can
pour your oil into and pump it and turn
it into a spray we going to start laying
our chicken pieces down on the pan so
pretty much all these steps are the same
you would follow if you were going to
fry chicken at this point you would be
putting chicken into a hot pan of oil on
the stove instead we're going to lay
them on this pan now we're going to
spray the chicken with a top layer of
oil now you want to make sure that you
cover this chicken evenly all right
that's as simple as it is let's go ahead
and put this in the
[Music]
oven now all we have to do is wait it's
going to stay in for about 45 to 50
minutes depending on your oven you want
to make sure that you turn on your oven
light keep an eye on your chicken once
you hit that 35 minute Mark you want to
make sure that it's not overcooking just
wait until it gets crispy and the color
that you want to see and that's when you
take it out okay so here's a great idea
for a holiday gift package you can take
my oven fried chicken recipe print it
out put it in a box along with all of my
ingredients except the chicken of course
and you can add a gift card from your
grocery store of choice pack it up
because the United States Postal Service
has made it very easy to send all of
your packages this year you can go
online order Priority Mail flat rate
boxes have them delivered to your home
for free pay for your postage print your
label and schedule a pickup you can even
track the status of your package online
how easy is that now for a busy mom like
me that's music to my ears all right
guys thanks for watching I know you're
going to love that recipe just as much
as I do please make sure that you tune
in next time because I'll be showing you
a fast effective workout that you can do
at home and it is perfect for women who
are trying to get rid of that baby bump
now if you need any more information on
today's episode please log on to Madame
noir.com slommy and chief you can find
us on Twitter at Madam Noir and please
like us on Facebook and of course you
can find me on my social media channels
and I'll see you next
time