hi everyone Katie rizk here this quick
video is going to be about how to
shorten the straps on your Fitness top I
have this great red top here but
unfortunately the straps are a little
bit too long and my bra shows through
underneath and I just don't feel quite
comfortable wearing it so here's a quick
tip grab the straps um that are too long
measure how long they need to be
shortened by and double them back down
so they're hidden on the underside of
the Garment then what you'll do is
you'll grab the same color cotton just
happens to match my nails very
coordinated and then you'll sew
through the straps and then you'll go
all the way around down the bottom and
on the other side repeat on the second
strap and then you'll have a top that's
nicely fitted shorten the straps in your
brows not showing have fun