hi everyone welcome back to island vibe
cooking in today's video I am going to
show you guys how to make the perfect
patient oxtail it is so good you guys
you're going to love this recipe I know
a lot of you guys asked for it so this
is it right here super flavorful a very
yummy so be sure to like the video and
also comment down below what you want me
to cook next and if you're watching us
for the first time make sure you are
subscribed so you don't miss out on our
video and hit the notification bell so
you don't miss out without further ado
let's begin this is my oxtail I am going
to clean it first I always clean my meat
I added a little bit of salt maybe a
pinch of salt and I am going to squeeze
some lime juice on the oxtail and then
we're going to add a little bit of white
vinegar and I know a lot of you guys ask
me all the time why do I clean my meat
or even if I clean my meat yes I do and
I do have some videos how to clean meat
properly which I will link down below it
basically help the meat taste better and
it removes the rawness of the meat when
you clean it with lye and white vinegar
so basically what I'm going to do I am
going to rub the lime all over
the oxtail and this is about a pound of
oxtail it's not that much it's just a
little bit of it okay this is how it
looks in smoothie fifteen minutes later
I let it sit there for about 15 minutes
and then I rinse it twice with cold
water now I am not using hot water on
the oxtail it's just I don't know what
happened today but I didn't though I am
going to add about two tablespoons of a
piece which I do have a video make sure
to check the link in the description box
if you want to know how to make it I am
going to add one tablespoon of ground
black pepper next I am adding one
tablespoon of garlic powder and next I
am adding about one tablespoon of
cayenne pepper you can also add more I
probably add a little bit too much
cayenne pepper is very very spicy guys
next I am adding half a cube of Maggie
like I said all the time in my videos
Maggie's always optional you guys next I
am going to add about 2 tbsp of adobo
seasoning in there
[Music]
and last but not least I am adding about
half a packet of the satsang seasoning
the orange seasoning I am going to add
half of it the yoga brand and then we're
going to mix everything together make
sure all the seasoning is well combined
in the meat so you can taste super
flavorful now I am going to let the meat
sit for about two hours or you can
marinate your meat overnight which will
make the meat taste way better because I
love overnight season my meat it just
tastes make it taste way better and like
I said now to add more flavour I am
adding chopped red bell pepper green
bell pepper scotch bonnet pepper thyme
and lime juice and also 1 cloves of
garlic we're going to add that in there
now this is our meat 2 hours later we're
going to start cooking you guys I am
using about 2 tablespoon of regular oil
it doesn't have to be a name-brand
now we're going to braise our oxtail I
am going to add them the way you see I
added them in there make sure you add
them really nice so they don't sit on
top of each other
and we're going to cook this you guys on
very very low heat because we do not
want to burn our oxtail we wanted to
braise really nicely I am going to cook
each side for 10 minutes or braise each
side for 10 minutes this is
how my temperature is sit-ups just so
you guys get an idea and like you guys
can see the oil is not too hot as there
it's going really really slow so I don't
want to burn this ox tow
okay this is about ten minutes later I
am going to flip them over as you guys
can see they look super nice and
brownish we're going to flip them over
even if they're not brown yet make sure
you switch them over because you want
them to cook you know the same at the
same time so you don't want to overcook
one side and turn one side light switch
all of them over I am going to cook the
other side for ten minutes also and it's
gonna be cooking or braising for about
20 minutes in total like I told you guys
this was going to be a very detailed
video I hope you guys appreciate it now
this is how they looks once both sides
are nice and brown we're going to add 1
tablespoon of brown sugar that's
optional you guys it just gives you that
nice and savory taste so I am going to
add 1 tablespoon of brown sugar then I
am going to flip it over so the brown
sugar in cook
and next you guys I am going to add the
broth that the meat was sitting in I
added in there
and we're going to add our veggies in
there
[Music]
now I am going to cook the veggies for
about five minutes just so I can
caramelize the onion the green bell
peppers so they can give you that nice
flavor once it there
your food is done
[Music]
okay next I am going to add 2 tbsp of
tomato paste we're going to add that in
there and make sure you fry it
I love frying or cooking my tomato paste
because I hate raw taste of tomato paste
and food it's just something I don't
like and as you guys can see I am adding
the lime juice it's about 1 tablespoon
of lime juice make sure you stir
everything together and make sure you
cook your tomato pay
[Music]
[Music]
now I let it cook for a little bit as
you guys can see I love cooking my
tomato paste so this is a few minutes
later what we're going to do now I am
going to add my water now the water
looks like that because I pour I pour
the water in the container that I was
marinated the meat in so now we're using
two cups of water at first this is how
it looks as boiling once the waters
starting to dry for a little bit we're
going to add the rest of the water in
total you guys I use four cups of water
because we want this oxtail to be nice
and tender so if you have a bigger pot
you can definitely add all of the four
cups of water in there so that's what I
did I add I added two cups and then I
went back and added the rest as you guys
can see right now I'm adding the rest
and we're going to let it cook now cook
this I cook it for about one hour to two
hours depend on you your stove but you
want to cook this until it's nice and
tender if your meat is not nice and
tender and soft it's not done yet
so it depends it might take you longer
and might take you less time so this is
how it looks guys it is so good like
when I tell you guys it's so good just
believe me it's so good I was just
thinking about today I need to make more
next week because it was so good you
guys I love love
update let me know down below if you
want to try this recipe which you should
because this is the bomb.com you can eat
it with rice you can eat it plantain you
can eat it by itself it is spicy it's
sweet that's giving you that sweet and
savory flavor is so good you guys be
sure to subscribe to Island 5 and I'll
see you on my next video bye guys