[Music]
everyone's bought particle board
furniture at some point whether it's for
a dorm room or maybe for your first
house but it comes to a point where
you're ready to upgrade to nicer
Furniture but then sometimes your budget
still doesn't allow for that nice
furniture So today we're going to
upgrade this bookcase that's in pretty
good shape with some molding and
Furniture feet really make it look a lot
nicer so the first thing we're going to
need is our
bookcase we're also going to need a tape
measure trim molding a miter saw a
finishing nail gun a drill driver with
drill bit Furniture feet putty or
lightweight spackling spray paint some
fun fabric a pair of scissors and to
hold our molding in place we're using
double sided adhesive do you know the
difference between a bookcase and a
bookshelf well in a shelf that would be
more on the wall right yeah that makes
sense and this is like enclosed yeah
it's it's like a case so let's call this
a bookcase sounds good but our first
step to upgrade this is to get some
molding for the sides so we'll go ahead
and take the measurements and if you can
write those down you can go outside and
make our Cuts awesome for this
particular bookcase those measurements
are 11 1/2 in wide by 40 and 38 in tall
so the blade is an eighth of an inch
thick uhuh so when you're lining it up
you want it to be on the opposite side
of your mark so that you retain the
exact measurement for the piece that
you're cutting you think you can handle
it I guess you do it absolutely I'm
ready a power saw this size can be
pretty intimidating for a first time
user so I'm letting Allison warm up by
cutting a test piece first I'm kind of
scared oh my boy you're you're scaring
me you don't want it to be touching the
molding when you pull the
trigger woo
hey I did it I mean I guess that's
pretty good just kidding no it's
fine all right now that you have your
practice with the straight cuts I'm
going to mix it up with some angles oh
okay cool so we're basically making a
picture frame right so we need 45° Cuts
what really makes a mitera useful is the
ability to make perfect precise angled
Cuts in this case since we're
essentially creating a picture frame all
of our Cuts will be at 45° angles all
right we got it figured out so now we
just have six more to do all right great
[Music]
great Salon do you have these little
plugs on your side too I do yep I got
four of them particle board Furniture
typically comes with these little things
which cover exposed screw heads in this
case they're also in the way of our
molding so we're removing
[Music]
them so you want to go ahead and lay it
out see what we got this composite trim
sometimes has a tendency to round up
like this instead of lying flat so we're
going to use these Advanced strength
glue dots to hold the trim down and in
place as we nail it these are especially
handy if you're working alone on a
project like this and could really use a
second set of hands all right go ahead
and flush that on that
corner all right sweet does that work
yeah corrects the Little Bend we had in
there yeah these work really well to
hold it down don't have to worry about
holding it exactly where it needs to be
exactly
I love when the the corners match up so
beautiful this already looks better
doesn't
it all right you ready to nail this
puppy yeah more power tools
absolutely the glue dots are doing the
majority of the work here holding our
Trim in place so we only need to finish
securing it with a couple of finish
nails per board all right do I get a
turn you can do the rest okay right
there mhm okay and push it down and pull
the trigger
yes did I do it uh yes all
right I hope you've got the hang of it
by now because we're going to do the
exact same thing on the opposite side of
the
bookcase what do you think about the
molding I think it looks great it really
adds to it yeah I think it it definitely
dresses it up but I think what will
really make it look nicer is some
furniture feet oh good idea so I got
some smaller ones since it's not a very
large piece so where about do you think
we should put them this here right down
just a little bit back a little bit but
not much maybe half inch you think about
that yeah that looks good okay so let's
just Mark that and we'll get the
measurement and we can do that on all
four sides we're making a mark at half
an inch across and 7/8 in down from each
corner of the bottom side of the
bookcase the diameter of the drill bit
needs to be slightly smaller than the
diameter of the furniture feet screws
this will ensure that it fits tight to
make the connection even stronger add a
little glue where the feet meet the
bookcase we're almost ready for paint
but first we need to remove any hardware
like these shelf pegs and also fill all
the seams and nail
holes all right let's get this bad boy
painted all right let's do
it all right so let's spray paint the
underside and the furniture feet okay
let it dry for a little bit and then
we'll flip it over and spray the sides
and the inside all right sounds good all
right and I'm sorry but I get them since
I'm painting for two I get the big Matt
daddy respirator first
right after a quick wipe down we're
ready to paint this
bookcase just as soon as we get Alison's
mask fixed does my hair look
odd why are these things always so
tricky to put
on let's go get some bricks and set the
feet on top of the bricks and then we
can go ahead and flip it over we don't
have to wait for it to dry okay
perfect when using spray cans always
apply a multiple thin coats it's
tempting to try and cover everything in
one application but you'll almost always
end up with ugly paint runs and uneven
coverage overspray can sometimes get out
of hand so it's important to paint in a
well ventilated area I prefer painting
outside over a drop cloth and under a
tent once everything is dry we remove
the back panel so we can shift back
inside to cover it with fabric and we
spray this just enough so that the dark
color doesn't show through our light
colored fabric good idea so it's dry
enough that we can get to work so we'll
use these oh glue dots again now we're
switching to our glue squares applicator
these are ideal for fabric because they
provide a seamless smooth Bond and help
keep everything
tight take the fabric and put it in one
corner okay and spread out the excess
and then we only have to cut the excess
from two sides so I'm going to put this
corner we're setting the fabric down on
one corner leaving no excess how's that
that's good okay then pressing it onto
the glue
squares y all right that's as far as my
arm
goes once the first side is down we pull
the fabric tight across the opposite end
while smoothing the wrinkles
out all right next we trim the
excess it's just a fun little fabric I
know I like it it's kind
of playful yeah still the birds are
fun
so you know this used to be Brandon's
bookcase he brought about three things
into our marriage oh really and I made
him get rid of it and now I'm gfy it and
giving it away so I don't know if he'll
be sad or uh glad about that well I know
that it's going to look great in my
daughter's room she um she needs a new
bookshelf we have my brother's old
bookshelf that um a lamp fell on it at
one point and it kind of burned a hole
in it my gosh so we painted over that
and it's a little too tall for her cuz
she's so this one will be like the
perfect hee to get her books and
whatever else she puts on there you to a
good home it is that's all you ask your
furniture when it moves on okay I think
we're ready to attach it we'll use our
nail gun again and attach it back
yay Birds okay yep they're the right way
making sure they're not B hanging upside
down I want this back panel to stay on
tight and secure so we're nailing it in
place every four or 5 in I do like using
the nail
gun
ow my finger was like a foot
away let me hand it off to you now
clasic dad just it
works I can't wait for you to get it
home and put the shelves in and see what
it looks like in Jillian's room I know
she's going to love it she's going to
have fun putting stuff in and decorating
it she's she's going to be so excited a
good
[Music]
what do you think yeah yeah now I have
to put my book you put your books in
there you have to help me it looks like
Jillian's having as much fun decorating
this bookcase as we had putting it
together if you've updated a piece of
furniture like this I'd love to hear
about it comment below and let me know
thanks for checking
in
[Music]
I've got so many projects to share with
you so be sure to subscribe so you don't
miss my next
episode