so I'm working on the ceiling cut I'm
going to start the ceiling cut in and
I'm going to start from the corner over
here got my brush just going to be
dipping my brush into my my bucket of
paint and I actually like to just tap
the brush my brush on the side of the
bucket and to make sure it's not going
to drip so I'm going to dip it in my
paint tap it on the side and then while
I'm holding my brush if you turn your
brush it won't ever drip but if you hold
your brush like this eventually the
paint's going to Sag and to drip but
when I'm moving it to wherever I'm going
I'm actually going to be twisting my
brush in a twisting motion and I'm going
to start in a corner and when I actually
start this corner I'm going to I use a 2
and 1/2 inch angled s brush so it comes
to a point on the end and with that
point I could work it up into the corner
and I'm just going to slowly work it to
the corner to the point gets right in
that corner and then I'm going to start
my cut in and move away from me just
like that so I'm going to dip my brush
in get some pain pain on it load it up
and then just work it along my Edge and
if you go really slow doing your cut
ends your Line's going to be more
crooked So the faster you can go the
straighter the line you can make
obviously that takes a lot of practice
to go faster but the more you do it the
faster you can go so one thing I've
learned is if I can make my cut in
really quick and use a stiff brush I'm
going to have a nice straight line so
I'm going to get my brush up here work
it up up into I start about an inch away
from my my ceiling and then I'm going to
work it up to the ceiling and I'm going
to get it started and then I'm going to
start running along my
ceiling just like that and then after I
cut it in One Direction I go back and
just make sure there was no Miss
box and check my cut in like that and
then eventually I'm going to take my nap
and back roll
my cut in up to about a half2 inch away
from the ceiling so I'm going to get it
up here and then I'll reach over here
I'm going reach from this direction and
move back to my other cutting I just
created so I'm going to get it up there
work it up to the ceiling and then a
little bit about breathing once I get it
to the ceiling I typically will hold my
breath and then begin to draw my line
with my brush I like to describe as
drawing line cuz I'm actually drawing a
line with a brush so get it up there
hold your breath cut your line and then
breathe again so get it up here work it
up here and then hold your
breath just like that I drew my line now
there's a few little light pin holes and
Miss spots that the brush didn't get
into cuz sometimes the brush going One
Direction will go over the top of some
little Hills and Valley so you just load
your brush up again go back the opposite
direction but when you go back the
opposite direction to fill in those
little pin holes you don't get near your
cut in you'll stay about an eighth of an
inch away from your cut in so now I got
the cut in done I'm going to go
back and back roll
it and now ideally somebody should be
following you up and rolling this wall
so you don't get what we call haloing
and that's discussed in another subject
but if you're doing it yourself your cut
ends just go from you one wall at a time
so I'm going to do my ceiling cut ends
then I'm going to roll my wall and then
move to the next
wall it's going be working way this way
going to start from this side work my
way to this corner right here I'm just
going to get my brush loading it up get
my bristles set get them right up next
to my ceiling and I'll begin drawing my
line I wanted to make this video cuz I
wanted to you know um make it pretty a
pretty important subject a pretty
important tip to it to doing ceiling
lines so you're actually get in a
straight line one of the most important
things to get in a straight line is
choosing the actual right brush for the
paint you're actually using if you don't
have the right brush if I got too soft
of a brush for the paint I'm using like
this paint is really thick paint if I'm
using too soft of a brush it's really
really difficult to get a straight line
so you got to really determine what type
of paint PT you're using and use the
right type of brush to go with that
paint now if I'm using you know uh a
paint that's really thin like an ultra
deep paint like a red paint a vibrant
red wall or something some of these uh
colors are really popular then I'm going
to want to use a a really soft brush
that that's going to draw myself a
better line than a stiff brush a stiff
brush isn't going to be good with thin
paints Ultra deep paints cuz one thing
it won't lay out enough paint and won't
make a straight
line once again I'm painting doing my
cut ends here I'm actually using an
extremely stiff brush the stiffest brush
I can you know find for this type of
paint we're using that's really thick is
a Sherin Williams contractor's brush
it's a 2 and 1/2 inch angled sash brush
and just so much of getting a straight
cut in line is determined by you know
you and whether you're choosing the
right brush now if you choose a brush
that's too stiff for the paint it's not
going to lay the paint out properly it's
going to leave a lot of roping marks and
um light spots so highs and lows if the
brush is too stiff so you know you as a
painter you get to determine the type of
paint you're using and use the proper
brush you can get just an allaround
brush that'll work for most paints like
C has an XL Glide brush that I like
that's really good for um for most
paints but when we're using this paint
right here Treasure Valley eggshell I
like a really stiff
brush You My Philosophy is the stiffer
the brush the straighter the line you're
going to be able to cut
in so I'm responding to questions from
my YouTube subscribers here and I got a
question from Zach Neil and we're going
to answer Zach Neil's question here and
Zach asks in comments on one of my
videos and that's how to spray in
interior trim IND doors and his question
is I'll read you his question and it's
what do you do to minimize overspray
then he says I sprayed some doors in my
basement and the Mist went everywhere so
Zach in order to answer your question
I'm going to give you two little simple
tips and that's if it's pertaining to
using an airless sprayer one thing you
can do is turn down the pressure so less
pressure will create less overspray and
then another thing is make sure you use
a brand new tip using a brand new tip
and lower pressure will help solve your
problem