hey welcome to my channel if you're new
here please don't forget to subscribe
today I'm going to be doing a tutorial
on how to customize your week head to
make it to your head size please if you
find this video helpful please like
comment and share the video it really
helps a lot
I have my mannequin head I got two
different pieces of tape because I
cannot find the big one I have a pencil
I've got some pushpins I've got a
measuring tape and some scissors now I'm
just going to measure my head
[Music]
and I'm going to measure from the front
to the back
[Music]
now I'm just going to put my thumb wrap
on my head
[Music]
I'll just keep adding in there so that
it creates some kind of bonk on the head
and also don't forget to add on a
different site so that it could really
be big I don't know if you understand
what I'm saying but I'm going vertical
and horizontal yeah right now I'm just
going to measure with my teeth to see if
it does reach my head size
putting my pins now to secure the foam
wrap where I start getting it out
[Music]
now I'm just going to keep cutting
around the extra spots
[Music]
[Music]
excuse the shadows moving up and down
I'm juggling this at the center of the
house and everybody's going around a
business Oh
[Music]
what I'm doing now I'm just doing the
finishing touches to try to make my man
can he'll have a headline okay good I
think it's secured enough so I'm just
going to go around with tape to put the
first year so that everything goes down
perfectly well under the it's flat
now I'm picking on my team so I can
comment on adding more layers of tip to
the head and now I'm catching some exit
in us to define my my head line
[Music]
[Music]
okay I did this off-camera but I added
another layer of foam wrap now I'm just
going to go with clear tips to secure it
down finally and measure if it's my head
size okay now I'm pulling out the ears
and there is a wake up and I look like a
diaper but it's super effective because
pins can go through so you secure your
wig while you're sewing it thank you for
watching please don't forget to
subscribe and also please follow me on
my social media channels okay see you
soon