all right in this V in this video I'm
going to show you how to get tar from
off of your car using
WD40 so what you do is you see the tar
that you get on your car you know from
road work you know gets on your car you
can't quite get it off like when you go
to the car wash so what you do is you
take the WD40 you see the WD40 I have
right here and has a smart straw so you
can direct where the the spray goes I
recommend getting the smart straw but
it's not necessary so what you do is you
just you see where the tar is you just
spray it down spray where the area is
I'm going to show spray right here so
you can see the difference after it's
done so once you spray it on there uh
the best thing to do is to let it soak
so I'm going to let this soak for 10
minutes and then I'm going to come down
come come out and uh wipe it
down all right after about 10 minutes it
should be soaked in a little bit and so
what you're going to do is you're going
to take like an old cloth or old shirt
or something uh that you don't need and
you're just going to take it and just
wipe the
area just keep on wiping the
area you see see how it's coming off
just like
that the the tire is actually coming off
of the vehicle and not bothering the
paint at all so you just keep on using
some elbow grease
to get that off and it just keeps on
coming off just as simple as that and uh
you're probably going to have to keep on
reapplying the
WD40 if you have a lot of ground in tar
that's soaked up into your car so uh you
might have to reapply some WD40 and just
let it soak and then come back out with
some elbow grease and eventually you'll
get the tar off and that's how you get
tar off of your vehicle with
WD40