[Music]
hello YouTube what is going on and
welcome back to a brand new Minecraft
video just going to apologize for the
lack of uh videos I guess in the last
week I just really haven't been feeling
it like and uh I'm not going to like
come on and make videos if I'm not
feeling it cuz then it comes across as
fake uh and it might come across as fake
I don't know I could maybe put it on but
I just don't want to do that cuz then
you know I'm always trying to convey
like positivity and stuff and if I'm not
positive then I don't want to make
videos but today I did feel like making
video because my friend messaged me and
he said dude there's a load of new
blocks in the new Minecraft snapshot
like concrete or something and I came on
and sure enough there definitely
freaking was um like I don't know what
Mojang were're playing at but they've
added a load of new blocks like and this
is going to be great for like creative
like texture packs and stuff because we
can change so many textures right now I
mean look at all this freaking concrete
and the best thing about it is it's
smooth like that is a smooth texture in
my opinion the only thing the black is
personally not very cool for me because
it's got that kind of grainy kind of
look in it especially in default um but
I guess if you're making roads and stuff
that's why they did it cuz it's going to
look good for roads but as you can see
smooth textures not like the hardened
clay um in default this is a nice nice
texture and there's also these weird
trippy like um like I think they're
called terra cotta yeah is Terra Cotta
um so it's like you know the kind of
like Roman tile kind of effects there's
a lot of them as well and they're all in
the decorations and I mean look how many
there is it's trippy it's trippy they've
also added all the beds as well and a
load of other stuff
pretty crazy it's pretty crazy but we're
going to try and make a house today with
the concrete okay so with the new
concrete blocks let me go and grab our a
glass actually we use gray um but yeah
so nothing else really apart from the
new blocks maybe a floor texture we use
like a wood or something but uh let's
get straight into this and see where
we're going so I want to use do I want
to use light cuz that light gray texture
is really really nice I think we're just
going to leave that there okay so four
blocks and we'll take it up by another
one two maybe 3 four five and six okay
and we'll see where that leads us
because that is such a just I like I
like how it's so smooth it's so clean
and smooth it's modern and I like that
they thought about it um okay let's see
where do we want to go now maybe if we
make another one of these if we jump 1 2
3 four 5 and six and we on the seventh
block we'll Place Another another thing
exactly the same just like that giving
us this kind of look and now um let's
raise it by one as well so that be 1 2 3
4 5 6 and seven pretty simple stuff so
now the white concrete is pretty much
like quartz of snow it's just a lot smoo
it's just such a smooth texture compared
to the other one so we're just going to
place a line of that behind here okay
like that so that's 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 n
and
10 and there we have it so as you can
see they're extremely just clean and I'm
a fan of clean I I can doal with clean
it let's bring it up by two more on each
side we'll try and make it like a kind
of symmetrical house
um let's see okay I like that but I kind
of want to bring this up by one
more then how does that look from the
front
you know that's actually pretty nice I
think we're going to keep it and just
because we can uh we're going to hop two
down and we're going to place another
little line behind there kind of
symmetrical to the top I
guess like that and we need to change
the time time
set what is it that that's a good time
hey that is looking pretty nice now I
kind of don't want to have this as like
a a twood door kind of thing so what
we're going to
do is we're going to place another two
just that giving us this kind of like
front weird kind of look I guess that is
kind of weird honestly but we're going
to roll with it and behind there we can
place the dark gray
maybe what's that going to look
like perfect see as I can kind of just
tell these are just such nice textures I
kind of know what they're going to look
like together I tell you we are going to
use quartz stairs though that's the only
thing we're probably going to use from
like previous versions just because
we're kind of going to need to um so
let's see we are going to grab the white
concrete what did I just do do I just
got rid of everything on my hot bar for
some reason um place a block there like
so and uh we're going to bring this back
by one 2 3
4 match it up just like that and at the
side what we're going to do is grab
ourselves the quartz and we are going to
hop one in and place one
two and we could actually just leave it
like that wait does that oh that
actually does bring it perfectly to
there sweet okay bring these three along
actually we can do it two along and we
should be good okay we can place some
that under here like
that place some more on this side and
raise it up like that so as you can see
what we've got is the entrance to the
house but on the side okay which it
which works perfectly fine we're going
to bring along another 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
9 and 10 we'll do it 10 because you know
10's an even number even is pretty good
um Okay so we've worked that out we got
this side going I don't really know what
we're going to have over this but we
will figure it out that is that is the
best part okay grab grabbing this this
gray concrete I guess we're just going
to start placing more of this because I
was thinking maybe this wouldn't be like
our floor but it's actually a pretty
solid texture like it's grown on me like
this thing is pretty mad so if we just
kind of fill it out a little bit just to
kind of give us just a little example of
what space we've got to do um I'm sorry
also there's no shaders mod I really
really hate not having shaders mod it's
like a pet Pon in Minecraft but I really
don't think OptiFine would have brought
out something for the new snapshot yet
snap SN shot yeah uh so I just didn't
bother for getting it cuz it's probably
not out and if it is it's probably buggy
as hell and I don't want to be dealing
with that um so we've got this going
okay looking pretty pretty sweet so I'm
thinking we'll probably put glass in
there makes sense um and now what do we
want to do we want to take this back a
bit more so I'm just going to bring it
back all the way to the end matching to
that white there all the way along like
this so this go this really clean corner
so I'm thinking you walk up here to
enter the house and this is probably
where you're going to go by enterance so
if we place blocks up there like that uh
and maybe do we want to ruin that kind
of like really clean yeah we don't want
to do that we definitely don't want to
do that so maybe if we just place two
like that all right we hop two blocks
and place another two coming up like
that this is going to be our doorway
this this looks so fake like that's how
I'm describing this concrete texture it
just looks so smooth and clean and
something out of the like Sims or
something I I do not know but I'm a fan
of it nonetheless we're going to go in
and we're going to grab ourselves some
gray glass and we're just going to place
it up like that this is kind of going to
work as our door but you can't walk in
that so we're only going to have it one
uh kind of sided and then over here I'm
thinking we just play it
off I don't want to do
this this is weird I kind of want to
keep this texture going along the
outside cuz I like how it's kind of like
a drop down we'll change the time again
um
but okay let's see we could actually get
rid of this bear with me um we'll have
one more block there like that so we'll
have three maybe
four and then what we can do is just
take it
round like that and then we can join it
to
there now I don't know how this is going
to look so bear with me a second cuz it
doesn't have to be the biggest of
houses that's what I'm thinking anyway
and this could drop down into like a
swimming pool area maybe something
pretty cool like that if we grab the
quart stairs we could probably do
another like drop down kind of thing so
if we just place two more blocks of that
there two more blocks of that there we
are good we'll get rid of them Place
some more blocks up like
that we'll do the same
there perfect so now what happens is you
can walk up here you can walk all the
way around and you walk back down happy
as Larry okay sweet stuff let's Place
some more blocks under there just to
kind of like clean that up cuz you don't
want to be able to see everything you
know you don't want that in a house you
don't have to see all of that crap so
let's see what do we want to do here I'm
thinking I am thinking we bring the
white all the way
along to the end like that now that
isn't going to match but doesn't
actually matter too much because we can
bring it up like
that maybe Place another load up here
like this and then under there do we
want to place
something we could just Place more of
that and give it that kind of like dark
effect that is nice let's be honest so
it's going to be a swim pool down here I
don't know what texture we're going to
use for the outside but hey who who the
hell knows um I'm thinking just a big
window out here we bring that down of
course cuz then it matches the entire
house but that is really clean like
clean on Modern and personally I'm a big
freaking fan of that style so we're just
going to carry on this one round the
side like this and that is pretty much
the house done and as you can see it's
very compact very clean but we've
managed to really really like I don't
know work it I guess I mean does should
that come along I think it should
honestly to kind of like complete
it right sweet we need to work out the
windows now
because I kind of don't want to put any
windows in but then again it's going to
completely look really stupid if there's
no windows in the house so I'm thinking
maybe the windows just go around the
entire
thing do they do they not kind of thing
um then they'll
connect uh actually here we could bring
these we could bring these in a little
bit more and then up again just to kind
of give the house a little bit more
character I think that'll look pretty
sweet so we're going to do that we're
going to bring the the windows all the
way around at the entire house because
why not we're simple we're simple
people we do that bring it all the way
along and we will connect it in like
that does anyone understand what I mean
by fake like this I don't know the
texture is just way too smooth it looks
like one of those simple texture packs
and it's creeping me out a little bit um
not going to
lie white I think we're just going to
have to do that on the ceiling because
otherwise it's going to be messy messy
textures and I don't roll with that we
will cover that up though don't worry
those Weir kind of like Grays we'll get
rid of those you can count on it you can
count on it right change the time please
as much as I like the default sun set I
think you want
8,000 boom and then here you just raise
these up by one covering it that skanky
little
texture give us
this it's pretty cool it's pretty cool
it's the cleanest house I've probably
ever built like this thing is creepy
clean like look at the textures they're
just so smooth and like it just look
like it's glitching out but I mean it's
not cuz it's Minecraft um okay let me go
in and grab ourselves
some crap I I was going to use light
gray actually we can still use light gr
we're going to go and grab oursel the
water where's it I've forgotten where
where water's even what are
these save
toar um Minecraft okay water I don't
know I don't know where that's oh it's
down the bottom
now what on Earth is going on okay let's
see we are going to get R all of
this like so and we're going to place
now this is where it's going to start
looking really smooth because the gray
as well it's just freaky smooth like I I
I keep saying it but I can't describe it
okay so as you walk down here we're
going to have maybe a four block Gap
before you even reach the swimming pool
if that makes sense and then we'll have
a two block gap on this side and we will
make the swimming pool let's see 1 2 3 4
5 six six wide is probably quite good
for a house the size of this so we'll
have two on this side which works and
we're going to bring it back so from the
house 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11
12 13 14 so that's where the pool end
okay bring it all the way along connect
it to there jobs are good in boys and
girls
we got the swim pool going in and
hopefully this looks good I mean I'm
praying on it because honestly it can't
look bad it's just a swim pool I mean
for God's
sake but these uh these concrete
textures are kind of funky like not
going to lie they are going to add
they're going to add a lot into
Minecraft like let's be honest um all
right let's get that
done so we're going to have to delete
that which is going to be the swimming
pool right and now I need to think of a
way we can kind of incorporate like a
fenced area around here I mean we could
have grass in here to be honest like a
little grass area that shouldn't be too
bad so if we bring this gray along
here like
so and then maybe we cut that off here
and then we have two going all the way
to the front and then that kind of like
borders the place
off it could look pretty good okay so
I'm thinking there's also these concrete
powder blocks which I saw where are they
at down here now if you look at the like
the white
and the gray it kind of looks like that
marbly like Stony paths you can get so I
think I'm going to incorporate some of
them I'm going to place some of them at
the front here just kind of separate
that gray to this gray I mean what does
it look like next to each other kind of
looks pretty good so that's going to be
that color okay all the way around we
could actually let's
see if we just kind of finish that off
here this could come out to the front
right this light gray powdery stuff and
then we could take it along the side as
well I'm just thinking you know these
are just ideas it doesn't have to be a
thing on your house but personally I'm
trying to incorporate all the new
concrete econ of blocks I
can something like that and then of
course it connect to like a road or
something but hey I don't freaking know
I I really don't know what to do at the
front here I'm probably just going to
fill it all in with this stuff because
it doesn't look that bad honestly
like yeah I think I'm just just going to
do that just a big chunk of this
stuff bring it all the way back connect
it and it should look pretty good from
the front now I know what I'm going to
do at the back of the house so I don't
really need to worry about that uh but
yeah let's see let's place two there as
well take this all the way around
because you know I'm I'm a a fan of even
shape so if there's two on that side
there's going to have to be two on this
side as well just because let's bring
this all the way back so this is a
really nice like replacement for stone I
guess like cuz most people use stone for
a gray material on a house but now this
is going to be in the game so I guess
we're going to be using this a lot more
what was I going to place down here oh
this Stony stuff again that's a lot of
it but you know it is what it
is like that now I'm thinking this is
the kind of house that be in a really
small neighborhood so I mean you
know boom perfect so like I said the
swim pool is going to go here a little
tree area maybe we could whack a tree in
here let me see do we have any new like
fences or anything I doubt we do it' be
cool if they added a a white fence
Mojang hear me out we're going to use
Birch then I guess because it's such a
light texture I'm just going to put that
there just to remind us that that's
where the tree is going to go um we
could actually make the swimming pool a
little bit bigger just one side I think
that should work we're going to delete
all of this
now do we want it two down I think we're
going to have to delete three layers of
this who knows who knows but you know
this is off the top of my head so if if
the house is a little bit shabby and I
haven't built anything in
like a week and a half now because I
just haven't been feeling that like I
said at the beginning of the video but
hey hey hey hey um let's
see this can work so these sides are
going to be gray the block under me or
the like the blocks under me are going
to be white the same color as the house
then the water's going to go in and it
should be very very very very nice um I
wish they had a concrete stairs imagine
if they added concrete stairs that would
be that would be a freaking gift though
I saw if they added the concrete stairs
holy
moly I'd be a happy bunny there'd be a
lot of happy yo please um there'd be a
lot of happy bunnies um let's get that
done okay sweet so we're going to start
placing the white now hopefully I don't
fall through the void lose this house
you know I wouldn't be a fan of that
that'd be pretty
crappy start placing
these get her done and she
should look pretty pretty
nice he so smooth look like damn it
right okay let's place all this water in
the wall is kind of going to ruin the
smoothness of it but hey I ain't
complaining um we'll add that in like
this hopefully it's will level new
recipe unlock check your recipe books
there's more recipes like boats did you
add more boats or something they didn't
the boats are the same what are they
talking about they're crazy um okay so
let me see that is 1 2 3 that is 1 2 3 4
we're going to have to add a layer of
this here to make it even like so and
the tree can come up let's see 1 2 3
four maybe until the leaves start now
one person did say that they don't want
me to use the same trees anymore but I
kind of think that our normal trees is
going to look quite good here like I
don't
know everyone knows what tree I'm about
to do so I mean like do we just add a
random tree like like a
random I mean we could definitely do
that I mean it's not really going to
matter too much
so let me just add some random
crap that kind of looks nice right I
mean
it it's hard oh my God and now my phone
is going off on one let me turn that
down that's so unprofessional I'm sorry
if you had to hear that or if anyone did
hear that and now my tablet's going off
what is going
on this is the tree dude this the tree
is bad luck for me right now this is
going to end up looking like one of my
normal ones and people are going to hate
me for
it look
people I ain't done this in a while you
guys can't be can't be doing this to
me uh no okay let me see that
there that
there um
no something like that I I I'm going to
leave it I'm going to leave it I don't
want to touch it anymore I'm scared to
you um I don't even know okay bone meal
done oh my God
doesn't that works doesn't look too bad
at all okay we're going to go and grab
the white glass now where you at where
you be hiding and we're just going to
put white glass all the way along the
back I've been doing this on a lot of my
houses recently and that kind of just
works honestly like it just borders it
off nicely and I mean I know we're in
default so the glass looks pretty crap
um but you know we got to forgive mojen
I don't know what they're
doing sweet ass okay now final thing is
we'll grab an emerald look see look at
this stuff look at this crazy like
trippy crap
o that's like some Doctor Who Vortex
look if you want it in your house put it
in your house I kind of wanted to use it
today but I mean my voice near broke as
well like you know pu never changes
we're going to place we're going to
place uh one two three and
four perfect perfect perfect perfect
we're also going to go and grab
ourselves some flower pots maybe just
put two down there like that in there
Fern as your bullet Bam Bam perfect
stuff change the time once again that is
the garden done honestly I want to kind
of bring this around the whole way but
it just kind of wouldn't work um this
looking fine inside now I'm ain't going
to do interior I hate to break your
hearts your little heart but I don't
normally do it and I don't like doing it
because I just don't enjoy it let me see
these are kind of cool do you know I'm
going to whack in there just just just
because we can't and they're brand new
some of them that's what I'm going to
put in here just cuz I kind of like the
look of the white
beds it's pretty sad hey we could also
do this just to kind of hide the
disgusting
frame I
mean why not I'm sorry you had to see
this that's what I'm going to
do doesn't look too bad actually you
could do this
but I mean no no no no no you don't want
to see that I'm sorry I even had to do
that um but thank you so much for what
now I kind of feel bad let me put some
chairs in here to accompany that I mean
we can't leave the bed all on its own
like that would be
wrong two little chairs is it actually
raining out there as well I mean come on
Mojang you trying to hurt my
feelings so we got that going I mean
that's all I'm going to put in here
honestly we could also H see now I get
carried away this this works bad I'm
just going to do this and I know it's
going to look crap
but it's funky it's funky like a cool
little rug you see what I was trying to
do that I was trying to trying to make
it look cool can I do that as well oh
we're getting it's kind of popping off
now to be
honest I don't even know if that's right
that definitely not right holy
moly what about that um yeah I don't
know what's happening but that looks
fine so oh now I need to add one more of
that
though we're going to leave it like that
okay with this cool little rug design
these can go don't don't know about them
we could we could place maybe oh God
grab that a little sofa like that in
here okay and now I truly am going to
leave this maybe okay I'm sorry I'm
sorry I've got to do a little bit more
wait with a skull come to me emerods
come to me build two up here you ready
for this one two with a skull back of it
two emerods little lamp I mean come on
Sims 4 or what let's go okay anyway that
is it boys and guys that's all I'm going
to do for this house I don't want to
touch it anymore but this is kind of my
first reaction to the concrete cuz
honestly the first time I logged on and
put the stuff into my like hot bar was
the first that doesn't look too bad in
there what on Earth look at that rug
design funky AF I like it people don't
like it when I swear so I'm going to try
and not do it but um hey look at that
first reaction to the concrete building
a house in it I guess I don't know I
like it it's smooth it's weird but it's
modern and I'm fan of it anyway guys
thank you so much for watching sorry for
the lack of videos I really really want
to start pushing out more I want to try
and get myself into that like kind of
mindset I'll try for you guys love you
all so much stay creative stay positive
and I'll see you in my next Minecraft
video bye
[Music]
guys