[Music]
hello I'd like to introduce you to
modeling chocolate it's a medium that a
lot of people use in cake decorating
these days and it's really super simple
to make uh so you don't have to search
high and low to find it really easy
recipe if you'll take just one pound of
chocolate any color and add a half a cup
of corn syrup which weighs 5.65 Oz and
and you'll melt your chocolate you stir
your corn syrup in you're good to go two
ingredients really really easy and I'm
going to show you how to put that
together here in just a second but first
I want to talk to you about if you have
an odd amount of chocolate let's say you
have some red chocolate left over from
um Christmas and you want to use it up
let's say it's an odd amount like 67 lb
or 32 lb some odd number like that you
don't have to do the math so much on
half cup4 cup eighth of a cup that sort
of thing that's difficult to figure out
how much corn syrup you need basically
what you're going to do is you're going
to take the amount of chocolate you have
so let's say just for round numbers to
make it easy you have a half a pound
which is 05 lbs of chocolate left again
any color you can take that multiplier
and multiply it times the 5.65 O that we
know we normally need in the recipe so
you'll take your .5 * 5.65 Oz and you're
going to end up with how much Clear corn
syrup you need which is here 2.8 oz so
just mix that together you can use any
amount of chocolate you need and you can
always have the recipe work just as well
so here we're going to put the actual
basic recipe of modeling chocolate
together let me show you how easy it is
the first thing you want to do is weigh
out your corn syrup instead of measuring
it in a measuring cup it's going to make
the math a lot easier as I showed you
before so I suggest that any cake
decorator invest in a good digital scale
have pound and ounce options if you're
overseas you might want grams as well so
you'll notice when I turn it on that
it's going to automatically go to zero
if you'll notice when I put my container
on there the weight increases so I want
to make sure I go back to zero by
pushing the tear button all right now
I'm going to push whatever container I
have I'm going to put it with a little
bit of pan spray just so that the corn
syrup doesn't stick so much now if
you'll watch the scale here I'm going to
go to 5.65 O cuz I know from Cathy's
recipe that that's exactly a half a
cup and with it being a fraction of an
ounce that if you go a little bit over
or under it's probably not going to
matter so much just get as close to 5.65
as you
can all
right Perfect all right so we've got our
corn syrup now we're going to go over
here and as I mentioned before in the
recipe it's one pound of chocolate and
you can use any color I've got a nice
light chocolate here milk chocolate so
I've melted this over a water bath so
it's just nice and nice and smooth and
all I'm going to do is pour the corn
syrup in there get all of it out with my
spatula and I'm just going to stir it
together you're going to notice that
it's going to start to kind of seize up
like if you've ever dropped water into
chocolate by accident that's kind of the
effect it's taking but we want it to do
that here so just stirring it thoroughly
see how firm it's starting to
get it's exactly what we want look at
that it's going to form a nice ball now
as soon as we have this fully
Incorporated we're going to turn it out
onto some parchment paper and just let
it come back to room temperature and
then it's going to be ready to model all
right there we go see how that's coming
away from the side sides of the pans
nicely all right so all you're going to
do once that's
Incorporated is pour it out onto your
parchment and let it cool off now all
you have to do once it's cooled off you
can wrap it up in plastic wrap and keep
it forever but once it's come back to
room temperature it's going to be really
nice and easy to model so that's the
basic recipe for modeling chocolate you
see how super easy it is to make don't
forget you can use up older chocolate
that maybe some of the cocoa Butters
come to the surface and it's bloomed
it's not wasted you don't have to throw
it away any chocolate that doesn't melt
as well maybe it's been exposed to
temperature differences you can
absolutely turn that into modeling
chocolate and model it into figures
cover cakes with it do all kinds of fun
things with it so modeling chocolate
cake decorator's friend have a good time
with
[Music]
it
yeah