[Music]
now let a push it off the crater Anakin
a car yellow car yellow in Harlem
it's Callaway and analyst Tom carita
banana Perdue repudiates título and
landing a note an older título these are
covering enough we would you know would
appease the you look at our parameter no
I'm American and I will put in energy
field it to any kind of an aural of a
teaspoon on earth press at respond
riddim Esplanade perk up we ran in
Kerala I'm gonna cover our under company
woody PD Odin old okay Hannah kind of
coat analyst from Caracas kunuk young
topic your car Keaton um can occur
Cortana Nora the either politically
denominator to number a sambar liquor to
the Samantha number in a ofed and Ideker
the original number Kaka Carling anna
karenina Veridian data comb or a prime
level of it now Crocker
[Music]
now the character don ôt Akana
Kyle Capanna who did CD in the or
another if we didn't have children Ali
okay Kyle kupuna yeah put a nodal angle
until then I cannot move around it other
thing and another teaspoon or a teaspoon
a tablespoon the cation then after
nanaka banana ear underwear loop it's a
lower low if I sit on it no later no no
no come to the world it remember the you
know committed a circle teaspoon there's
none there when I Eve moon where you eat
a low are you okay I cheated on Kanaka
depend on it Iraq is funded at that
level
well no khumba are a teaspoon of the
amor the very limited combo add a
teaspoon up in agony in an overview the
Taliban obesity monk at Sri Ramana water
when why did it alerts or a year and
only in Oetker
Mulder Thunder Yamanaka either correct
it over the teaspoon on a better name in
a put a tablespoon they had to Kanaka
would have a lipid e-everybody
liquidator okay
Amy it no color no cut without a very
tablespoon in the Rama my de perak I
yell away from the Sun Bowl ad
tablespoon Anna and then he will cut
power off at a couple I'm going to
additionally yogaha chitta we call the
never knew never be liquidy I'm wearin a
nollie is a Calcutta even though the
purpose on Varna and environemnt we're
getting a fire pit at canosa method is
velena Cuyuna or not are an ID card and
to do better
as Eric you know