hi I'm Diane Keda and today on dishing
with dye I'm going to show you how to
make my grilled lamb chops these are
crispy on the outside and they have a
lot of flavor and they remind me of the
lamb chops my mom used to make so let me
show you what you need and we'll get
started on dishing with
[Music]
Dy you need some fresh rib lamb
chops a Red Onion that's been finely
minced some fresh garlic and some honey
you also need some grape seed oil or a
vegetable oil salt and pepper I also
have a fresh lemon here we're going to
use for the juice and some fresh thyme
and I also have some fresh Rosemary and
I just want to show you real quick when
you buy time it comes on a stem it sort
of looks like this and you don't want to
use the stem it's kind of Woody so what
you basically do is you take them and
you take the leaves and you just kind of
run them backwards and they come right
off of the stem like that and the same
thing with the Rosemary so you don't
want to use the stem of the Rosemary you
just take your fingers and you slide
them down and the Rosemary comes right
off the stem so I'm going to just chop
this until it's very finely minced and
I'm going to do the same thing with my
garlic and then we're going to put the
marinade
together okay there's my garlic that's
nice and finally minced and over here is
my Rosemary and my thyme you can't even
tell the difference anymore it's all
kind of Blended together and you want it
nice and finely minced like that so I'm
just going to take all these herbs and
get like you know a medium siiz bowl
like this and we're just going to be
mixing things together and this is going
to add a lot of flavor to the lamb chops
and I'm going to add the juice of some
of this lemon into this bowl here and
we're going to be using this you know to
help get the flavors to penetrate into
the meat I feel like the lemon kind of
just pushes things forward you know it
has that freshness that just makes
things pop and that's what I like about
it in this recipe so we're just going to
add that in along with this minced red
onion and this is very finely chopped
and that's going to um you know coat the
meat as well but when it mixes all
together and it's on the meat it's just
going to taste delicious so we have
those and then we're going to add a
little hint of sweetness with this honey
the honey is just going to add a little
sweetness and that's going to you know
also help to get the meat a little bit
caramelized so that's going to be really
good in there too now I'm using some
grape seed oil today rather than using
olive oil because we're going to be
cooking these we're actually cooking
them on a grill pan I'm not taking them
outside today but you can do it outside
on your grill but I'm going to cook it
on the grill pan and it's going to be at
a high heat and olive oil is not the
best for high heat so grape seed oil is
good or if you have canola or vegetable
oil that'll be nice as well so into this
we're also going to add some freshly
ground black pepper and some kosher salt
or you could use sea salt if you want
you just don't want to use table salt so
just a good amount of
that want to make sure it gets seasoned
and just add a little bit of this grape
seed oil or vegetable oil in there and
that's going to help like coat things
and now I'm just going to mix this
together and put some on each Lamb Chop
just kind of massage them and get it all
over now you could go ahead and put this
into like a Ziploc bag if you want to
but I don't always like to do that I
don't really feel like wasting all those
bags so um I'm just putting it in here
and just going to coat them really well
and then I'm going to cover this with
plastic wrap and just let this sit out
on my counter until they come up to room
temperature and that'll be about an hour
so after that's done then we'll get over
to the stove and get it
started I have my cast iron grill pan
heating up and it's over medium high
heat and I'm placing in my Lamb
Chop it's important to get the pan nice
and hot because you want to get those
chops nice and seared on the bottom
so I lightly greased it with some grapes
seed oil you could also use vegetable
oil and these are going to cook on one
side for about 3 to 4 minutes and then
I'm going to turn them over and get them
nice and golden on the other side and
it's going to depend how long you cook
them um according to whether you want
them medium rare or you want them well
done whatever your Desir dness is so I'm
going to let these cook and then I'll
show you what they look like like when
they're
done my lamb chops are done and they're
beautifully seared and they're nice and
juicy inside and this is how I like to
serve it it looks absolutely gorgeous
and now let's dig into
this look at that it is this is a really
thick one so let's give a cut in I let
this rest for a good five
minutes
and this should be about medium
rare look at that that looks
delicious nice and juicy maybe medium
medium
rare so
juicy all the
flavors come together it's just nice and
smooth
you get the Rosemary in there and the
thyme I'm telling you it just Blends
together beautifully if you have thicker
lamb chops just be careful and make sure
that when you flip them over you reduce
the heat a little bit otherwise they're
going to burn on the outside and they'll
be Raw on the inside and make sure when
they're done you let them rest for at
least 5 minutes before you cut into them
the recipe is on my website dishing
withth die.com and don't forget to
subscribe I'd love to have you I look
forward to seeing you next time and I
hope I made your life a little easier
more enjoyable and delicious bye-bye
now