I've been working really long hours this
week but my men have been picking up the
slack by cooking dinner keeping
themselves entertained and even doing
the laundry and keeping the house clean
so I wanted to make them something extra
special for breakfast so I made red
velvet pancakes is what we're making
today on Divas Can Cook so if you want
to learn how to make them keep on
watching all right in a large bowl we're
going to add our flour some baking
powder some
salt and some sugar followed by by our
cocoa powder and we're going to give
that a width to get it all
combined like so and then I'm going to
make a little hole in the middle so I
can pour in my egg and my
buttermilk and my melted butter and my
vanilla extract I'm going to stir that
up just a little teeny tiny bit because
we're going to add in our food coloring
next I ended up using about four
teaspoons of food coloring so just pour
that in there stir it on up I like a
really bright red color but you can use
less you know right and just stir that
up the batter should still be lumpy so
stir gently okay now in a separate Bowl
we're going to add our cream cheese
little bit of milk we're going to beet
that a little bit this is where our
glaze the cream cheese glaze now pour in
your powdered sugar your vanilla extract
and then just mix that until it's silky
and smooth just like that all right now
we are going to preheat our Skillet I
have some butter melting on the skillet
there and when it's nice and hot we're
going to add our red velvet
batter just plop it on just like that
and when you see little bubbles begin to
break on the surface of that pancake it
is ready to flip so go ahead and flip it
over just like that and when you press
down on it and it's nice and soft and
spongy it is ready so place it on a
plate and now we're going to assemble
all right I'm going to place one pancake
on the plate then just spread on some of
that cream cheese glaze and top it with
another pancake egg spread on some of
that glaze again and then we are going
to top it with another pancake and this
time I'm just going to hit it with a
little bit of powdered sugar just like
so and then drizzle on that cream cheese
glaze you can also add some shaved white
chocolate some nuts on there to kind of
take it over the top but it was so good
and we really enjoyed it to get this
recipe go to dsen cook.com thanks for
watching bye guys