hey guys this is Mike Chan welcome to my
well it's not a kitchen but as many of
you know I've been traveling I've just
moved back to New York so I don't really
have a kitchen yet and this is going to
have to do for now I just want to say I
am so excited about this video I've been
wanting to do it for a long time but
before we start I just want to give a
quick shout out to the sponsor of this
video The Great Courses plus which is an
awesome subscription on demand video
learning service I've been using for
over a year now and I'll talk about that
later they're actually the first sponsor
of this channel ever so yay more food
for me anyway like I mentioned I am so
excited about this video because it
involves one of my favorite foods ever F
and if you guys don't know f it is an
extremely popular Vietnamese street food
it's a noodle soup dish made primarily
either with chicken or beef and it's
something I crave all the time I think I
even crave it more than hot pot and
almost as much as hot oil and and that's
saying something I still remember the
first time I ever put this delicious
noodle soup in my mouth and yes I have a
clear memory of all my delicious food
encounters anyway I remember I just came
back from China I was around 15 years
old I was in San Francisco my cousin
picked me up and took us all to uh to a
f place and I didn't know what was so
special I'm like it's just just rice
noodles what's so special about this
then I put it into my mouth and my life
was never the same again now if I don't
eat it once a week I get withdrawals I I
think I start to do the FL Shake now I
know f is a Vietnamese dish and I of
course am not Vietnamese but I got this
recipe from my friend's mom who is
Vietnamese and she swears by so thank
you Brenda's mom thank you for this
fantastic recipe okay I have to do that
I'm sorry all right let's get started
here's all the ingredients you will need
some cantro salt fish sauce Sriracha
hoisting sauce Rock Sugar you'll need
about 10 staranise one cinnamon stick
four to five bay leaves about a teaspoon
of finel seeds you'll need two medium
onions about 6 oz of Ginger and we're
doing a beef soup base today so we have
3 lbs of oxtail you can also use beef
leg bones we've got about a pound of
thinly sliced beef and you want this
sliced as thin as possible and I love
using brisket because it gives me a nice
balance of leing and fatty meat you'll
need some lime rice noodles I prefer
this brand and for veggies we have some
Sprouts some green onions and you'll
need a big big pot to Stew everything in
first thing we're going to do is roast
our onions and ginger all you got to do
is take your onion and just cut that in
half this one's massive this one like
the size of my
head then take your Ginger and just cut
it into big
chunks put them all in a roasting sheet
just take the outer peel off because
it's going to crumple and leave a mess
in your
soup preheat your oven on broil go ahead
and slice that in that's going to be in
there for about 20 minutes and make sure
to flip it over at the 10-minute Mark
what that's going to do is bring out all
the magical oniony gingery flavor it's
going to make your soup fantastic while
the onion and Ginger is roasting take
your pot add your bones in my case deox
tail cover the bones with water doesn't
matter how much as long as you cover it
and we're going to bring this to a
boil just going to turn my onions and
gingers over so they don't burn you just
don't want them to
Blacken 20 minutes up set it aside and
let it cool and before you put this into
your soup just get rid of some of the
brins outer shelves my oxtail is boiling
and you can see all the scum floating on
top we're going to get rid of all that
we're going to clean the bones before we
start prepping our broth and a lot of
you might be freaking out right now
because I am dumping all this out you
see all this scum floating on top and
then I'm top of the meat and the bones
we're going to get rid of all that look
at this make sure you clean all that
scum out of your pot before you start
making your broth and also look at the
bones look how dirty this is you got to
clean all the bones off so your soup
comes out nice and clear and honestly
just about 10 minutes of boiling this is
not going to you're not going to lose
that much flavor but if you don't do
this your soup is going to come out very
cloudy and it's not going to be that
good so guys I want you to fight your
instincts clean the scum after you you
rinse your pot add two gallons of
water adding your clean oxtail
bones put it back onto the stove and
bring that to a boil get a pan heated up
on low to your spices in and just cook
it for a few minutes to bring out its
flavor after a few minutes the star is a
nier the uh bay leaves are leafier and
you can take this and put it inside a
cheesecloth where you can put inside a
spice bag and that's where you're going
to toss into your
[Music]
broth pot is boiling again you see
there's more scum now floating on the
surface what you need to do is become a
scum fighting machine all right so
whenever you see scum get it out of
there now that this is boiled turn this
on low bring it to a simmer and we are
going to go ahead and add our spice bag
1 in of yellow Rock Sugar you can use
regular sugar but the taste is going to
be just sweet and kind of flat the
flavor profile of yellow Rock sugar is
much deeper in goes your onions and
ginger that you are roasting in the oven
2 tbspoon of salt and this this is
really important here this is the
essence of the broth just remember do
not skimp on the fish sauce get a good
quality fish sauce actually I have no
idea whether this is a I think this is a
good brand this is the most expensive um
brand they had in the store but this
smells really rotten so I think that's a
good thing and you're going to need
about half a cup of that give it a
little
mix and we're going to let that simmer
for about 5 to 6 hours uncovered and
what you got to do like I mentioned you
got to keep checking back for the scum
we will not allow scum to overtake our
street War
F Well the soup looks and smells good
what we're going to do next is we're
going to string everything we're going
to take out um all the onions ginger in
the bones and the meat we're going to
take the meat off the bones and then put
the meat back in because come on we're
not going to waste the meat look how
tendered that meat is right there can't
wa to bite into that look how Yeezy that
meat is coming off all right the Asian
side of me took over when I see a B I
got to GW on
it oh that is gelatinous delicious
that's a little appetizer would a lot of
people like to do after the broth is
ready is strain it in a cheesecloth and
you could do that definitely also
there's going to be a layer of fat
floating to the top of this broth and
what you can do if you want is to leave
it overnight in the fridge and the fat
will separate you can remove it that way
for me I'm really hungry right now so
I'm just going to use my Ladle here and
just bypass the upper layer of fat and
just dig into this
broth oh that's hot M that's good though
wow um what you can do here as well is
this is where you adjust your your
saltiness preference if you want your
broth more salty you can add more fish
sauce in there you can add more salt in
there but for me I don't want it too
salty because I'm going to add some
Sriracha in and uh I'm going to add some
hoiston sauce in there
later and you can just lay the uh thinly
sliced beef on the noodles itself
because the broth is hot enough we're
it's going to cook it I like a ton of
soup we're just going to chop up some
cilantro some green onions and we'll cut
up a
lime some basil and this is just
personal preference you don't need to
add it if you don't want to some lime
squeeze that in there and definitely
chunks of oxtail meat
finally last not least some bean sprouts
to give a little crunch there you go
beautiful bowl of FO woo my very first
homemade bowl of fur I feel so
accomplished right
now
I'll tell you what guys actually tastes
kind of legit I'm actually I'm kind of
surprised in myself tastes like it could
have been from a foot place I definitely
want to add more seasoning in here love
me from rotten fish sauce when it comes
to your hoisting sauce you can either
dip your noodles in there or you can add
it directly to the broth I'm going to
add it to my broth and finally I'm I'm a
little crazy with the Sriracha yeah let
let's draw a happy face okay that's just
not very pretty I know and because it's
it's my own F play face I I'm going to
go ahead and top it off with some more
hot
soup didn't know this thing could get
even more
lovely that tastes like a beautiful Bowl
I can't believe I I made this I'm try
the
oxtail oh that's tender oh that's
tender it's tender and
[Music]
beefy I love thinly s beef so buttery
melty in this broth um what I don't have
in here that's very typical are some raw
onions I accidentally used up all my raw
onions in the broth you could also have
some tripe I love tripe because um I
feel like the texture of it gives a
little nice Crunch and that goes really
well with the noodles other things you
can put in here beef balls fish balls
baseballs whatever you want be creative
with this dish and like I said don't
make the base broth way too salty make
sure you leave yourself some room to add
more salt or more fish sauce or more
Sriracha or more hoisting sauce later
without contaminating the actual
batch I'm so excited there there's the
closest foot place to me right now it's
like 50 minutes away and now huh
whatever even though I think it tastes
good it might not to a Vietnamese person
so I invited my friend Brenda to come
join me Brenda you are V Min yes and uh
you know your F yes I do okay so I'm
going to this is my broth I cooked this
using your mom's recipe your mom's
recipe authentic
so so you're kind of biased though
you're kind of biased okay let me but
you got to be honest okay if it doesn't
taste good you got you got to you got to
call me out on it all right let's see
how this tastes so one one key um
attribute of this dish is the broth has
to be a little clear right right so the
clear clearness test is okay yes
okay yes that's good it's good this is
like a legit
restaurant so there you go guys don't
even take it from me take it from Brenda
uh this is a legit bow of needles
okay needles okay cool
cool I'm glad that worked out because
that that really took me like 10 hours
to do you're a good cook thank you well
I'm going to go to eat this over there
okay see you well okay you're not thanks
thanks
brother that is so
good I'm I'm sorry okay um I'm going put
this down for a second guys you got to
go try out this recipe if you never had
F before in your life you are who I'm
talking to right now drop everything go
buy all the ingredients I have them all
listed in my description box go make
this for yourself and I know it is a lot
of ingredients so I try to list as many
as I can um that I could find on Amazon
for you guys and what's also great about
this is look at it I have about a gallon
of broth left I'm going to freeze this
then I can have F whatever I want in a
matter of minutes and I know a lot of
you guys might be thinking well isn't it
faster if I walk to my local F place and
spend $67 on a nice steaming bow of f
without having to make it yeah that's
great but I know a lot of you and now me
included we don't have access to
restaurants like this so now you can
make it at home and like I said just
take a day make a bunch of it freeze it
and you are going to be so happy also
guys like I always say if I can do it
you can do it and if you like to cook as
much as I do but don't actually have the
money and time to go to a Culinary
Institute then definitely check out the
Great Courses plus it's a service that I
myself have been using for over a year
now so basically what happened was they
sponsored a video on the Beyond Science
Channel they gave me free access and
I've been hooked ever since well because
I'm sort of a nerd and I love to learn
and they have lectures and courses from
top professors from IV league and
experts from places like The Culinary
Institute of America so right now
personally I I've been watching all the
cooking classes I can online and because
summer is coming I'm checking out the
master outdoor cooking series with Bill
Bria and Patrick Clark from The Culinary
Institute of America so if you sign up
for the service you'll have around 7,000
video lectures about basically anything
you're interested in even if it's not
food so if you're a nerd like me or that
sounds like something you would enjoy
please go to the Great Courses plus.com
dplay and you'll get a free trial and
then plan starts around $149 9 per month
I have the link for you guys in my
description box so click on that and
start your free trial and you'll be
learning some new stuff and supporting
this channel as well win win right all
right guys like I mentioned all the
ingredients for this recipe is in my
description box and I try my best to
follow the links where you can buy the
ingredients from Amazon definitely give
this recipe a shot let me know how you
like it so until we eat again I'll see
you later