[Music]
hi everyone thanks for joining us on
Craft daily I'm Nikki lafil and with me
is as I'm sure you know the famous Pam
deore who is also known as the
decorating Diva which is your home deck
Supply and teaching business where you
sell books you teach classes you um sell
supplies everything you need to decorate
the home that's right if it's sewing for
your home I can probably show you how to
do it lovely and today we're talking
about Roman Shades which is great
because it's something that has always
seemed confusing to me because there are
so many moving parts and you know you've
got your screwdriver and drills and
everything so but you're going to make
it easy for us I'm going to make it easy
and that's one of the fun things about
making Roman Shades you know if there's
any store I like better than a fabric
store it's a hardware store so first
let's just uh let's go look at the shade
if you want to I've got it raised up if
you want to lower it there the cords on
your side
and you can see it's a nicely operated
shade now when you got to have it all
the way down this is my standard this
isn't the standard that you'll find
maybe in books or in patterns I like one
fold at the bottom okay so that way when
it's all the way down it still has a
little interest if you use a solid
Fabric and then I like to do a
decorative hem so I did a decorative hem
on here and I put some piping on just a
little tiny yellow stripe piping it's
cute you'll notice that there's
something heavy in here you feel that
yeah that's the weight bar okay so you
need the weight bar to keep the weight
down so that it'll draw
[Music]
evenly