well the first one is probably the
simplest out of
sour very very simple for the simple
father do
sweetened to sweetly cure so what we're
gonna do very simply is take a large
measure and I've got a 50 mil measure
here you can use a shot glass or an egg
cup as long as you use equal proportions
I'm then going to take odd-looking
contraption called the Mexican elbow
what we're doing here this is called
that because you tend to make margaritas
using these drinks we're just putting a
similar amount of lemon juice as we are
amaretto into our mix and then going to
add some Angostura bitters now contra
contrary to the name of this ingredient
it doesn't actually make you drink
bitter just gives it more depth a couple
of dashes of this Villa when you add
wine to cooking exactly it gives you a
nice depth of taste okay as much ice I
can fit into my shaker and then again
into the glass you drink down it keeps
your drink colder for longer and be very
careful now when you're making these
drinks are make sure there's no one mix
your Grandad's not standing behind you
at the time I'm gonna make sure I don't
bash mr. bash the bar but good hard
shake to mix ingredients I love the way
you shook that you might have been in
the business a few years yeah and then
I'm just gonna very very simply strain
this into my cocktail glass and I'm
gonna garnish this with a cherry now
another night really nice variation of
this drink is adding a dash of champagne
and it just ends that lends that kind of
sort of Christmassy celebratory feel to
it it's a beautiful marzipan is sort of
a Roman it really people associate with
with Christmastime yeah : cake in a
drink isn't it there you go it's a
dessert in a glass okay that's the first
one I see do solano
amaretto sour very very simple to make
at home lemon juice mmm amaretto thank
you still is gorgeous