this episode of how to drink is brought
to you by audible and you can get your
first audiobook free when you sign up
for a 30-day trial at audible.com slash
how to drink or if you text how to drink
- 500 500 listening to an audio book can
inspire or motivate or change your life
in profound ways do you wanna be more
active do you want to be in better shape
do you want to be a better lover chances
are there's an audio book that will help
you get there and now actually thanks to
audible originals there's even more
reasons to love audible audible
originals are original titles they don't
exist anywhere else created by
celebrated storytellers from all kinds
of diverse backgrounds whether it's
literature theatre journalism lots and
lots more I'll be listening to a short
history of drunkenness by Mark Forsyth
book that takes a real humorous look at
the history of fermentation and
distillation and frankly inebriation hop
on over to audible.com slash how to
drink or text how to drink - 500 500
sign up for a 30 day trial and get a
free audio book of your choice today is
that a drink at the day or making a
Moscow Mule finally let's get it on
Moscow Mule has nothing to do with
Moscow it was invented in Hollywood
California in 1941 there's a little bit
of a mystery about who invented it but
we can say for sure that it was invented
at the [ __ ] and bull bar in the early
40s and the owners of course claim that
they invented it but owners as we all
know spend so much time behind the bar
it was probably this bartender who West
Price but nonetheless what is true is
that John G Martin was an executive at
the Huebel Indian company at the time
Huebel gooble and Hugh bleedin call Hugh
Boleyn they used to sell pre-mixed
cocktails they they sold the brass
monkey of beastie boys Fame brass a lot
people like brass monkey is this thing
where you mix 44 and orange juice but
actually brass monkey was a pre-mixed
tiki cocktail that Hubal and sold and so
brass monkey that funky monkey john g
martin executive at hue blend hugh
berlin was the american importer of
Smirnoff and of course at the time in
the 40s vodka not very popular in the US
America ver
much a whiskey and gin country vodka
wasn't really even seen in the US except
for in insular markets but they've got
it they got to sell it he needs to come
up with a drink to sell it he's going
around LA promoting and of course at his
own bar the cock-and-bull a drink that
they call the Moscow Mule now there's a
little bit more to that story to see cuz
he owned the [ __ ] and bull bar with Jack
Morgan they were co-owners there and
Jack Morgan's girlfriend owned a
business that made copper products you
see where I'm going with this and maybe
also they had bought too much ginger
beer that year and they needed to clear
out the basement I mean that's kind of
by their own admission so what is this
drink this is the Moscow Mule made in a
cup of mug as it must be made with vodka
ginger beer and a little bit of line
except I don't use ginger beer I'm gonna
use ginger syrup and seltzer I don't
want to get into what is the right
ginger beer what is the wrong ginger
beer I like Reed's I think Reed's is a
great brand I think any real I even like
regatta I think we're God was pretty
good to anything it's real hot and spicy
is fine if you want to go that route and
if you want to go that route about four
ounces of ginger beer to two ounces of
vodka to part one part kind of thing but
we're gonna do a little different we're
just gonna make it in the glass with
some seltzer ginger syrup and and vodka
and I've done a great job of succinctly
and drunkenly telling you everything I
can think of from the internet about
this drink so why don't we just make the
thing in the glass step one though we
wanted to fill this mug with cracked ice
about three-quarters or half way leave
us some room to work
put the drink components in stir it up
get it a little bit diluted put the rest
of the ice in and then the seltzer
that's the order we're gonna build it in
if you have a fridge that produces
crushed ice go with that if you have
smaller ice cubes that's fine my cubes
are gigantic I could throw these in the
Loess bag and smack him with a hammer
but that would produce a more crushed
snow like ice and what I'm really
looking for are
[Music]
cracked ice things like this I don't
want it to be too crushed we're start
with a two ounce pour of vodka
the original Moscow Mule was made with
Smirnoff because that's what Hugh Berlin
had the rights to import we're gonna use
kettle one because I found some I mean
it could have been absolute I had a
bottle of that somewhere I had a bottle
of Stolichnaya that I I don't know where
it is at the moment well you guys yelled
at me for using it that one time I'd
remember that I remember that when I
said Stolichnaya and you guys were all
like stole it what's wrong with you well
I don't speak Russian that's what's
wrong with me you give me a hard time
why don't you I'm gonna use two ounces
of my ginger syrup here I want one ounce
of lime juice I have a cutting board
here just and now I'm gonna give that a
stir
most of the dilution here comes from
Seltzer so I'm just kind of trying to
incorporate my ingredients as best I can
we got a nice frost on the outside of
this mug and I'm gonna leave it with the
stirring rod because this is a 40 string
canned that's a 40 stirring rod I think
it's pretty Dupree and I'm gonna top my
mug with seltzer and I can see from the
inside of my mug that I'm about 50% and
so we wanted two to one ratio of Seltzer
to everything else here I think we're
about good I'm gonna take these eighths
of lime and we're gonna cut a notch here
and Park it on the side of my glass like
so let's see if this is any good my
Moscow Mule forty one style
Oh oh my god that's great that's
fantastic that tastes just like honestly
it just tastes like ginger beer just
tastes like a delicious ginger soda
and apparently there's some vodka and
there's snuck in and that's kind of the
idea with this we're not really trying
to feature the vodka put the vodka out
in front taste the vodka sample vodka
enjoy the aroma or the essence of vodka
this is a easy to drink drink in a
copper mug it's great it is delicious it
is a lovely liquid candy it doesn't ask
you for anything it doesn't ask you to
consider alternate flavors it's not an
acquired taste you know it is a sweet
ginger candy with a with just a bit of
heat right because we've diluted it
pretty far I mean if you were to just
drink a ginger beer that's got some
ginger fired this has a little taste of
that it's just the inkling of it but in
truth it is just dangerously easy to
drink it's dangerously easy to drink one
fun thing about the copper mug which of
course has no real historical precedent
right this is a marketing gimmick
invented by these guys in the 40s but
old sailing ships the fastest of the old
sailing ships were copper-jacketed they
would line the wooden hulls on the
outside with copper sheeting because the
salt acidic nature of the ocean
interacted with that copper and it
produced a mild electrical charge that
prevented barnacles and things from
clinging to the boat and this was the
thing that was the primary reason that
boats slow down actually you lose a lot
of speed from that and was scraping your
hull is a really important part of
sailing now most of these copper mugs
are either lined with something or
they're a different metal on the inside
they are just gimmicky and even mine are
but I often wonder you put lime into a
copper mug
well acid a little copper you've made
kind of a battery there you could there
could be something in this electrical
charge between the two that makes this
drink sort of unique so maybe there's
something to that maybe there isn't
there's no charge in this at all because
actually these are - stainless steel for
food safe --mess there is an argument we
made that you could muddle this instead
of juicing it it adds an element of
unpredictability you could also add mint
to it but then of course now we're back
to something that isn't a Moscow Mule
now it
it's a different drink I just think that
you keep this drink the way it is copper
mug crushed ice ginger beer or ginger
syrup and seltzer vodka and lunges
let's not make the Moscow Mule into
something it doesn't need to be this is
just an easy to drink summer cooler that
fits in your hand neatly
let's show guys I made a Moscow Mule
it's freaking delicious if you liked the
show I hope you will subscribe I'm on
Twitter and how to drink with a number I
have an Instagram at how to drink with a
number my patreon is patreon.com slash
out a drink and if you really like the
show and you want to check that out boy
though be super nice thank you so much
that's the show guys see you guys next
week with another cocktail on how to
drink if you have your own recipe for a
Moscow Mule it's a little different a
little more complex a little bit more
elevated and I think that there's room
to improve it but question what is it
what is it Moscow Mule only so changing
it I'd love to hear about it though
please leave me a comment shoot me a
message hit me up on Twitter and I'll
see you next week with another cocktail
on how to drink call me a car I'm drunk
goodnight cut