hi I'm Joanna kahill I own healthy home
cleaning based in Asheville North
Carolina and we specialize in green
natural and non-toxic cleaning today
we're going to be talking about how to
clean stainless steel sinks and get
those rust rings out of there for you so
today we're going to be using just any
kind of scrubby brush that you might
have around with nice stiff bristles on
it I've got a couple lemons here if you
wanted to you could also use lemon juice
the kind that you get out of the grocery
store in the little tube
container baking
soda and a pom Stone which you can buy
any hardware store they're fairly cheap
usually about a
dollar and vinegar which is also really
cheap and you might have it underneath
your counter or you can purchase it at
your local
supermarket so we're going to start with
our baking soda which is a mild abrasive
that we can use to get this rust out of
the inside of the sink so you're going
to want to go ahead and sprinkle it in
and then we can go ahead and add some of
this lemon for the acidity cleaning
power of
lemons sprinkle that over you're going
to hear a fizzing then we're going to
get some more Fizz here with our
vinegar kind of like that fifth grade
volcano
projecto and then we're going to take
our
scrubber and we're going to go ahead and
scrub all over the areas where you have
rust in your sink a lot of times that's
right around the
drain so go ahead and get that really
good put some muscle into it so if you
have a really difficult rusting and
you're just having trouble using your
muscle to get it off then you can use a
pomus stone you just go ahead and dampen
the end of your pist Stone right here
and then focus on the area that's really
difficult go ahead and scrub that on
there you'll see a little bit of that
residue from the pomus stone coming off
on the inside of your sink
and that should really do the trick
works pretty well you're going to go
ahead and just rinse out all that
residue out of the
sink and you've got a clean rust free
sink this is Joanna kahill from healthy
home cleaning and I want to thank you
for watching how to remove rust from
your
sink