happy New Year everybody hope you're all
well welcome back to my channel if
you're new to my channel my name is
Hannah also known as tropical plant
addict and today here in the UK it's
pretty cold and gloomy so I thought I'd
gather some of my prayer plants together
to do a prayer plant care video and also
how to propagate a moranta my Mana is
looking a bit wild so I thought it was
time to um propagate it there's loads of
different varieties of prayer plants
including Calas
moranta tante I think I've pronounced
that right and also
straman which is this
[Music]
one they're amazing cuz there's so many
different colors and patterns which is
why they're one of my favorite
plants and they're also pet friendly
prayer plants get their name from the
movement of the plant in the daytime
they fold down and then at night they
fold up into like a prayer-like position
prayer plants are typically found in
Central and South America on the forest
floor so they are shaded by trees and
taller plants so prayer plants typically
like a medium light situation even low
light sometimes I keep mine well away
from all the windows or kind of tucked
into Corners where they're not going to
get any kind of direct light or really
bright light my h huge Calia or bolia I
keep her about 12 ft away from a west
facing window prayer plants love a warm
moist and humid environment so they can
struggle a little bit in the winter when
you've got the central heating on and
the humidity is not as high but if you
check out my humidity tips video that
will help you keep the humidity a bit
higher in your home minor seem to be
doing quite well so far although they
are not going to be looking their best I
would say in the winter months I try to
keep all my prayer plants soil moist I
tend to Water Mine little and often
rather than giving the pot a good old
soak and then leaving it for a bit
longer I'll I'll show you how I water
them in a little bit so you can see I
don't tend to take them out of their
decorative pots to water them I
recommend using well draining soil that
does hold onto moisture I'll put my soil
mix that I use below but generally I'll
use a mix of Pete Moss compost and
perite prayer plants seem to be
sensitive to the kind of water that you
give them so I recommend using either
rain water distilled water or filtered
water I use filtered water I've just got
a filter jug that I fill up I'll link
below the water jug that I use you may
find if you're Watering your prayer
plants with tap water that you'll get
Leaf Browning or brown kind of crispy
tips and that can just be from any
chemicals or salts that are in the tap
water make sure you're not overwatering
your prayer plants as this can lead to
root rot brown tips can also be caused
by lack of humidity or um too much light
on the plant as well you'll find if your
Calia is too cold too hot or it's in too
much light um the leaves will start to
curl I actually can't show you an
example
because mine don't seem to do it it kind
of looks like
oops you know when you get a new Leaf
forming and it come comes out curled
like this it kind of looks like that so
the plant is basically curling its
leaves to protect itself from either
cold heat or light if your C is looking
a little bit sad um yellow crispy leaves
or anything like that either give it a
trim or prune it right back and then it
will um regrow I'll give you an example
of a couple that I've done this
with my white Fusion I think when I
first got this plant as well it had M
bugs and it wasn't looking its best it
was in the ruce section at the Garden
Center but I wanted to save it and got
rid of the M bugs then it got spider
Moes so I decided just to chop it right
back and then after a couple of months
it's started regrowing and it looks
really nice now so that's that
[Music]
one and this is the other one I cut
right
back this little guy had spider Ms as
well so I just chopped it right back and
seems to be growing quite nicely
now I fertilize my prayer plants around
once a month in the summer and I use
product called Baby bio I'll link it
below and all I do is just put a few
drops in the watering can maybe like
five five or six drops something like
that
and yeah it seems to um keep the plants
happy it's just a house plant feed
nothing
special it does say Greener leaves and
vibrant colors on it so if you find your
prayer plant is looking a bit sad I
would assess first of all where it's
placed in your house if it's quite near
a window I would move it away from the
window
make sure that you're not overwatering
it make sure you're not underwatering it
make sure the humidity is high enough
for your plant these plants really like
and thrive in high humidity if it's none
of these things then I would maybe just
give it a bit of a prune and then see
how it grows back I hope you found my
prayer plant tips useful if you've got
any questions about them just leave them
in the comments below I absolutely love
prayer plants they're definitely one of
my favorite house plants very hard to
choose a favorite one do you have a
favorite prayer plan if you do um
comment below be interesting to see
which is your
favorite I think my moranta was one of
the first prayer plants that I bought
and then my orolia and then I just
started collecting loads of them and I
absolutely love them now on to the
propagation of my
moranta looking a little bit
crazy a bit kind of bold in the middle
there so I thought I would give him a
trim and I'm going to do water
propagation I think you can do soil or
water but I'm going to propagate in
water just cuz I've had good success
with um other plants in water this plant
was on the dining table with a couple of
my other prayer plants and monster
really likes
nibbling the
leaves so I thought right I'm just going
to move it for a week or so so I moved
it just across the room on its own it
didn't seem to like it where I moved it
and it I started getting a few yellow
leaves so I won't be moving it
again okay time to propagate my
Mana I think I'm going to take this long
bit here so all you'll need
is some sharp Cutters that have been
sterilized I sterilize mine with alcohol
spray I think I originally bought this
to clean my makeup brushes but I also
use it to sterilize all my garden
equipment as well so all you do is just
give it a quick
spray let it dry or wipe it off so you
need to find a
node which is one of these parts because
this is where the new roots are going to
grow from so I could either cut it below
this node here or I could cut it below
this node I might cut it here
actually like that and then all I'm
going to do is just pop
this into some
water I think I might change this for a
smaller one but just to show you I've
used filtered water in this jar and I
recommend changing the
water around once a week
maybe here as
well oh this one's quite long at the
back
here also going to cut this one
[Music]
here so my intentions are once these are
all rooted
I could just plant them back in the
middle like this and it's going to look
like a more full luscious plant rather
than it being quite sparse in the middle
and quite leggy I think it'll look much
nicer I think I'm just going to leave
him like this for
now and I'll see how these
do as I said I'll probably put them in a
smaller jar cuz this is a bit big I'll
keep you posted on how the cuttings are
doing and then once they are rooted and
ready to be put into the soil I'll make
um another video I just remembered I was
going to show you how I water my prayer
plants so as I said rather than taking
out the plastic pot and giving it a good
old soak and then putting it back in the
ceramic part I prefer just to water just
a little bit and probably more
often so I'll just give it little water
just like that I don't really have a
watering schedule I'll just feel the
soil and see if it's dry or if it's
still a bit moist and then just water as
required give this one a little water as
well this one looks a bit
dry and that's that
I really hope you found that useful let
me know if you've propagated any of your
mananas before and whether you chose to
do the soil or the water method and how
long did they take to root roughly I
found that my cuting will root a lot
quicker in the summer than in the winter
so I'm not expecting them to grow crazy
Roots anytime soon but I can't wait to
see how they do as I said before I'll
include my soil mix that I use Below in
the description box I don't tend to use
any particular brand just what's
available at the time and this soil mix
just tends to work the best for me and
that's what I've repotted most of my
prayer plants
[Music]
in thank you so much for watching I
really hope you found my video useful if
you liked it give it a thumbs up and if
you want to see some more of my videos
make sure you subscribe and click on the
notification Bell and yes I'll see you
all soon in my next video take care
everybody bye
[Music]