okay so I'm going to do a video here
about my uh cable pism but a couple of
uh little tidbits of information and
some background information I use this
316 inch cable right but notice this is
the kind without the um plastic sheath
don't use this kind use the kind with
the plastic sheath okay CU all this does
it sticks and it chews up the pulleys
okay so get the coated kind it's the
same price and the second thing I got
these on Zoro
and look at the specs um they are 4316
inch cable the capacity is 525 lbs these
are cast too um notice though that
they're closed okay you can't take the
pulley out that's okay so all you have
to do speed the cable through and then
make your little Loop all right so
remember I'm going to talk about that
more later okay also too um I originally
bought those little pulleys that they
sell at Lowe's and Home Depot and cost
about five or six bucks a piece those
are junk and the reason why they're if
you really read carefully those are made
for rope they're not even made for cable
so I had those originally with this um
bare cable like this and it just chewed
them right up and it was it was binding
and grabbing it was to it was terrible
so don't buy those don't use it with
this I think it probably those would
have worked if I would have bought the
coated cable but I didn't so you can
probably get away with it but I wouldn't
recommend using those any anyway cuz
like I said they're originally made for
rope okay this is a video on my cable
pulley system and I'll go break it down
piece by piece but over here I wanted to
start with the the kind of the flange
thing okay so I went with the the/ inch
pipe right with the little flange thing
on it okay got the end cap and I drilled
a hole in the end cap right put a bolt
in there bolt in there to secure this
thing so what this does
right just like a lot of other people's
design it's the same one okay but the
difference why I went with this is
because I can use the standard um little
weights okay I can use these
weights on the skinny Pole right they
work fine and I can also use the regular
plates as well okay so just screw this
thing on there
right but what I use too is this pool
noodle and if you remember in my other
videos I love these pool noodles right
cuz what this does is and I don't even
have to take that eye thing off when I
do that okay so what that does is it
keeps that secure on there right and
then I just have a little piece of 2x4
here to kind of like where it lands and
it swings like all of them do but it
doesn't swing that much okay
so that's that end of it and like
everybody else is right of course I got
these little carbineer things and then I
put three of those little clamps on
there okay some people do one some
people do two I like three cuz I don't
want this thing coming off in my face
okay these things cost a buck right so
two bucks that's the price of uh you
know peace of mind so you don't get your
teeth knocked out all right or anything
breaking on you I like safety Okay and
like I said I used the 36 inch cable and
it's the kind with the plastic sheath on
it cuz that's better okay so if you look
up here okay I got these bolts these
cast bolts and these things are
expensive right they're way more
expensive than I think that thing might
have even been and I got it at lows it's
like uh 5 in but they hold like 1,200 lb
or something like that again don't cheap
out on safety okay and then lime's kind
of um see how it flexes and I like that
too okay cuz it gives a little bit but
the pulley that I'm using right now are
similar to the ones that I had before
but I cannibalize these off of one of
those um total gems okay the Total Gym
that has the cables on there I just took
those off okay they're closed so when
you put the cable together the end of it
you can't just pull a little pin out
okay you got to feed it through there
and then put the ends on there but what
I like about these they have the
nylon uh pulley in there okay so the
wheel thing is nylon on and there's no
binding it slides really good and I
sprayed that lithium grease in there it
works great okay so coming over to this
side it's pretty much the exact same
configuration I got that cast bolt okay
car and this
cannibalized um pulley the ones that I
showed you earlier in the video the ones
that hold 525 lbs those will work too
okay but I didn't put those on there and
CU I kind of chewed them up with that
cheap uh the cable that doesn't have the
sheath on there don't use that stuff and
again mine's closed I got three of these
little guys on there for safety okay so
with my system okay so I can do
everything that I you can do on another
one right I can do I can do pull down I
can do triceps extensions so look at my
wheel okay okay see how notice how it it
rocks back and forth a little bit they
all do but but here do you hear any
noise on this thing no it's smooth okay
it's super smooth and that's what you
want okay and then when I set it down I
just kind of like land it in there all
right so I can do everything up top just
like anybody else but in addition to
that okay I
built something down here okay now if
you look I attached this Square metal
bar on the bottom here all right and
it's bolted through here okay it's
bolted here and then over here I just
stuck one of these little eyebolts right
here all right right in the middle okay
now reason why I have
that okay I got another 6ot cable okay
same
configuration it's got those things and
it's closed and inside of there I have
one more of these pulleys and a carbiner
so what I can do
is I connect this to that
okay and then same configuration down
here it's all kind of like it's not
fixed it's it's flexible okay you got to
go around the other
way so I want this pointing that way
okay now what do I have I got a low
cable row system all right
and for the low cable row I built this
little uh
brace thing here to put my feet on it's
cut here at a 10Â° angle I notched this
right here so it'll go right up
underneath my metal bar and just eyeball
it okay it's just kind of free floating
but it goes in the middle now with
this I can
do my low rows
okay so because you want it to be far
enough so that when you're full fully
extended right you're not bottoming out
of the cable so you can get a full
extension so my feet on here see I can
do any kind of low cable rows okay and I
usually do these one arm but I can do
them like this and I can put a lot of
weight on this thing man and it is
pretty smooth okay notice that I got to
put grease on it occasionally to um to
keep it smooth that lithium grease that
stuff works good okay probably get away
with Baseline you just have to keep
putting that stuff on I don't I don't
like the real slimy liquidy spray stuff
that drips away like WD40 all
right okay that's my cable system