hi everybody uh the kids and I did a
science experiment there's lucious say
hi lch hi lch
no and there's Odessa say hi hi um and
we did a science experiment you can see
it in here and you're probably wondering
what it is Odessa would you explain
what's going on in there we me and I
wanted to basically do a science
experiment in a kid's book and it was an
egg and we put it in vinegar and you can
see that it turn all the shell dissolved
and it's all oh could you could you give
it a gentle yeah give it a gentle poke
there oh you can see it band oh that's
neat and you can see the yolk so the
shell completely dissolved mhm and here
I'm going to turn it a little bit then
there yeah you can see the yolk that's
where most of the yolk is now what we
don't know what's going to happen is
what happens if we poke a hole in it so
Odessa will you gently poke poke a hole
in it with that
poker is it hard to looks like it's hard
to poke oh you did
it
what what's happening is it drippy yep
it's all drippy and the yolk feels
pretty much hard the yolk feels hard
interesting I wonder if it
cooked it kind of smells like vinegar it
absorbed a large portion of the vinegar
and when we first when it first
completely dissolved it was
very uh bouncy because it had swollen
ew look don't drop that thing out of
there then it's all bent hard to lift up
when it's you're doing what do you think
about it Louch uh it will spod into the
bowl do you think that'll happen can can
Lucy get a chance to poke at it let Lucy
do something some science as well poke
it
really poke here can I try poking that I
want to feel what it feels like oh
you're right it totally feels hard it
feels wow like a grape like it's about
as hard as a grape yeah look at it's all
stretched up and
Droopy looks like it's peeing it looks
like it's peeing that's gross well it's
like a sack of
I don't know if that yolk is going to
break it may have cooked in the acid or
dried up or something I don't know we've
had it in the fridge for about a week
now so oh yeah you got a lot of fluid
leaking out of
it oh there's the yolk there's the yolk
it finally came that's disgusting keep
it in the bowl don't get that all over
the place yeah I don't notice a rotten
egg smell that's good it's in rot maybe
the V vegar took away the took away the
rotting if we were real scientists we
would cook this and eat it and see what
it tasted like but I don't want to do
that that's disgusting well I tasted the
vinegar you tasted the
vinegar look it was Sour it's like a big
blob oh that's true it does okay guys do
we have any any final conclusions we
want to say I know
no all right everybody this was this was
your your science moment nope keep that
in the
bowl all right byebye everybody