we want to make sure you get the most
out of your new vax 2500 WT pressure
washer so in this video we walk you
through all the basics about your
machine and how to use it in the best
way when cleaning Outdoors we'll also
tell you how to keep your pressure
washer in great working order for a long
time to come if you still have any
questions feel free to reach us on
Facebook or Twitter or give us a
call your pressure washer comes with
quite a few different parts so we'll
very quickly explain what everything is
before we show you how to assemble the
main thing we have here is the water
inlet connector this is for you to
attach to your machine before you can
connect to your water hose pipe the main
thing we have here is the pressure hose
this will connect your machine to this
the trigger handle through this hose the
water will travel from your machine and
out through the handle your Lance
connects to the end of the trigger
handle and allows the water to travel
through with higher pressure and greater
power
your pressure washer comes with three
different nozzles for you to connect to
your Lance this is the jet nozzle which
you will probably use most often it's
best suited for cleaning cars and wooden
surfaces such as decking and
fencing this is the turbo nozzle which
you will notice has a small single hole
and the word turbo engraved on the side
when you use this it will create a
high-powered circular stream of water
because it's very powerful it's perfect
for cleaning Masonry
however it shouldn't be used on delicate
or painted surfaces such as car
exteriors if you want to apply a
detergent you can attach this solution
nozzle to your Lance this will enable
detergent and water to be drawn from
your machine and gently dispersed along
with your nozzles you will also have one
of these a nozzle cleaning tool this is
for cleaning the small holes within your
nozzle if they become clogged so that's
an overview let's assemble make sure you
don't connect your wall water or
electricity just yet first of all attach
both Wheels push until they both click
into place your next step is to attach
the hose connector to the water inlet on
the front of the machine turn clockwise
until it's tight to attach the handle to
the top of the pressure washer you will
need a cross- head screwdriver Slide the
handle into place aligning the screw
holes but make sure you don't trap the
solution tube secure with the two screws
provided now let let's get ready to use
attach one end of your pressure hose
into the metal water Outlet at the back
of your machine you'll need to hold the
pressure hose in place and twist the
collar clockwise to tighten you then
need to attach the other end of the
pressure hose to your trigger handle
before you do this make sure the safety
lock on your handle is engaged to attach
press the hose release button inwards
and push the connector in firmly once
connected disengage the hose release
button and gently pull to ensure it is
tightly secured you can now attach your
Lance to the trigger handle to do this
push the Lance firmly into the handle
and twist clockwise to lock into
position you'll notice the sides of the
Lance connection appear in the side
holes of the trigger handle to attach a
nozzle press the release button on the
end of the Lance inwards and push the
nozzle in until you hear a click release
the button and gently pull the nozzle to
make sure it's locked into place before
use if if you want to apply detergent
when cleaning you'll need to unhook the
solution tube from the back of the
machine and insert into the detergent
bag this detergent is applied through
the solution nozzle which will need to
be attached to the Lance your next step
is to secure the end of your hose pipe
to the machine making sure the water
supply is not yet turned on firmly
connect your water hose pipe into the
water inlet on the front of the machine
you can now connect the hose pipe to the
water supply and turn the water supply
on before plugging the machine in
disengage the safety button on the
trigger handle and squeeze the trigger
until water starts to flow connect the
power cord and switch the machine on
you'll notice it will run for a few
seconds then stop but no water will be
released you're now ready to clean
Outdoors let's show you how to do a few
things to clean your car most
effectively we suggest working from the
top of your car downwards and using the
following steps the first stage of
cleaning your car requires rinsing with
water only attach the jet nozzle to the
end of your Lance and give your car a
thorough rinse stand about a meter away
when cleaning the next stage of cleaning
your car involves applying detergent
place the solution tube at the back of
your machine into your detergent bag to
apply detergent to your car secure the
solution nozzle onto the end of your
Lance and apply
generously pay particular attention to
hi traic dirt areas and apply more
detergent where necessary once you have
soaked your car you can now effectively
remove dirt and grime reattach the jet
nozzle to the end of your Lance and
working from the top downwards spray to
remove dirt stand closer to apply more
pressure where you need to but be
careful of delicate areas such as Tire
walls and mirrors for best results your
pressure washer is also compatible with
a range of specialist tools available to
purchase which will help you clean your
car tackle extra dirty areas such as
alloy wheels or car grills with the 360Â°
rotary brush or agitate tough dirt from
the more sensitive surfaces such as car
doors and mirrors using the specially
designed car brush once you've removed
all dirt the last stage is to rinse your
car thoroughly rinse your car until it
is free of All detergent and the water
appears clear you should now have a dirt
and grime free car to give your patio
and Paving the best clean we suggest
working from the furthest point inwards
the first stage of cleaning involves
rinsing attach the jet nozzle to the end
of your Lance and give your patio or
Paving a thorough rinse using this
nozzle you can also Blast away any loose
debris from the surface such as leaves
stand about a meter away when cleaning
the next stage of cleaning involves
treating the surface place the solution
tube at the back of your machine into
your detergent bag and secure the
solution nozzle onto the end of your
Lance apply detergent generously and pay
particular attention to hi traic dirt
areas once you've treated the surface
you can now effectively remove dirt and
grime attach the high powerered turbo
nozzle to the end of your Lance and
Blast away the dirt you can stand closer
to apply more pressure where you need to
for quicker results your pressure washer
is also compatible with a range of tools
available to purchase the patio brush a
large circular enclosed brush allows
easier concentrated area cleaning and is
great for scrubbing whilst spraying
helping you clean your patio even more
efficiently once you've removed all dirt
the last stage is to rinse away the
dirty water reapply the standard jet
nozzle and thoroughly rinse your patio
until it's free of all dirt and
detergent and the water appears
clear once you finished cleaning you
want to store your pressure washer away
if you use detergent during your clean
we recommend you rinse your pressure
washer to prevent causing any blockages
to do this insert the solution tube into
a bucket of fresh water turn the machine
on and squeeze the trigger for around 1
minute before you disassemble make sure
your machine is Switched Off and the
power is
disconnected remove any nozzles by
pressing the release button at the end
of the Lance and pulling the nozzle away
gently to remove the pressure hose from
the trigger handle press the hose
release button and disconnect remove the
Lance from the trigger Handle by firmly
pressing the Lance downwards and twist
in anticlockwise until loose squeeze the
trigger handle to remove any retained
water and contained
pressure to remove the pressure hose
from the water inlet twist the collar of
the pressure hose anticlockwise then
pull away your pressure washer is fitted
with a highs speec aluminum pump to
prevent cracks and breaks however it's
still important to make sure your
machine contains no water to prevent
freezing and frost damage if your
machine has a hose rail you can neatly
wrap the pressure hose by placing the
collar end of the hose to the right of
the Reel whilst guiding the pressure
hose with one hand and turning the Reel
with the other it's recommended that you
wrap the hose so that it overlaps
twice once fully coiled you can use the
velcro strap to
secure if your Lance or nozzles become
blocked you can insert the nozzle
cleaning tool into the end of the Lance
and nozzles to remove any dirt or debris
your machine also has a water filter
which you should maintain periodically
to access the water filter unscrew the
water inlet connector and remove to
remove the water filter pinch the inner
tab with pliers and gently pull to clean
the filter rinse under fresh running
[Music]
water