hello and welcome back to my channel
riddle here and it looks like my
experiment that I started in the fall is
a success so far I'm live in Northern
California I'm originally from Ohio and
I had an interest to see if I could
possibly grow golden seal and wild
American gin sang Here technically we
are a zone 9 which is too hot for it and
with this climate change business we are
even getting more hot so I got the roots
and I put them in in the fall around
October and I kept them watered and I
made sure to check the soil to uh I
brought down the acidity level of the
soil because we have a lot of Oaks and
pine here so I treated it with a a wood
ash from the fireplace and some calcium
and gu guess what we have Jin
sang this is a baby Jin sang coming up
right here now oh there's a little baby
Jin sang there I think that came from
seed so now I'm going to have to walk
down and around ah golden
seal there's a golden seal plant and if
you look here there's some taller ones
that just finished with their little
flowers so now I'm going to have to run
some deer
fencing around this because even though
we live in a semi suburban
area we have turkeys crazy amount of
wild turkeys and they love to eat Jin
sang and one of the reasons I planted
the golden seal with the Jin sang was
that the bitter taste of the golden sill
root is offensive to insects and also
offensive to the uh deer and turkey so
it's not going to help 100% though oh oh
Jin Sang Jin sang jinang
that is about a one-year-old root Ling
and there is to your right a baby gin
sing next to a golden seal I am so
excited this was not an easy project
because I had to clean the whole
Hillside and I've had to water it and
watch it and baby it so this is very
inspiring to me because I love wild
medicine and there's nothing like
growing your own and knowing exactly
where it came from and what went into it
and then sharing that medicine when you
have sick friends and family all right
well thank you for watching my video if
you have any questions please leave them
in the comment box I'd love to hear from
people and if you enjoy my videos please
subscribe it helps take care of
yourselves and take care of each other
bye