hello everybody welcome to the quick and
Karie kitchen I'm Kristin madryn and I
have a fabulous show for you today
we're gonna make vanilla in the instant
pot have you priced a vanilla extract
lately it's exorbitantly expensive but
you can make it at home in your instant
pot very economically and it's perfect
for gifts so that's why we're gonna do
it today welcome to all of you who are
joining us live how are all of you today
welcome to the kitchen and then welcome
to all of you who will join us later
this is a super simple recipe and you're
gonna want to share this with your
friends and with anybody that you know
who's not exactly thrilled with their
instant pot yet so in front of me I have
the vanilla beans and you're gonna see
me kind of working on them while we get
ready for the rest of the recipe I want
to say congratulations to last week
winners of our awesome quickie carry
tongs de m√©tro V Cathy Duncan and Olga
Street were our winners for last week
and we will pick three names to win them
this week trust me you're gonna want
these because taking hot jars full of
hot vanilla out of the pot you want to
be really strongly gripping these and
I'm always thrilled to have my trusty
quick and carry tongs so please comment
down below with what is your best baked
good that you use vanilla for I don't
know what I would answer what is my best
I make a vegan and gluten-free peanut
butter chocolate chip cookie that is
hands-down the best cookie in the world
so that's probably what I would put what
would you put as your best vacant that
you use vanilla for and three of you if
you comment with your answer
we will choose three of you to win a set
of quick and carry tongs so today I'm
gonna do the show a little bit
differently
hi Cindy redden hi Kathy Genevieve Judy
burrs with us today
Laurie Linda Linda Bragg is with us
Diane Yocum hello friends of the show so
glad to have you with us today I'm gonna
do this a little bit differently I'm
gonna go through the process and then
sort of take question and answer so you
can type your questions in as we go
along and then one of my producers
Noelle is going to send me all your
questions and we'll cover that toward
the end of the show so the first thing
that we would need to talk about is the
vanilla beans the reason that vanilla is
so high-priced is that the beans come
from parts of the world that are
involved in some of it was taken out by
cyclic cyclones and Madagascar Bali
Tahiti different places that are having
trouble with weather and so there was a
huge spike in the price of vanilla beans
and therefore in the price of vanilla so
these are a little pricey I was able to
get 10 beans of Madagascar grade B and
that's what you want you don't want to
spend the money for the grade a and
here's why the grade A will be kind of
plump and juicier but you don't really
need it you don't need to spend that
money what you want are these grade B
ones that are a little tough and you cut
them in a certain way and you want to
get to the goodies on the inside and
expose them so I'm going to show you how
to cut a vanilla bean and they come long
and so I've already cut them in two and
I am holding the end like the little
curlicue end and then I'm taking a very
sharp knife and I know it's hard to see
this but we're gonna have an overhead
video of this for you so that you can
see how I'm doing it
and you just take and save and you have
the little pods that you get out of
there take your knife and cut down the
middle and you're gonna try to separate
it and they are a little tough so be
careful and you're gonna open that pod
up see how it came apart and then in
there I'm gonna even take my sharp knife
and I'm gonna try to open up the pod one
more time to just expose the good
vanilla in the middle of the pod
so you're basically cutting the pod in
half and then in half again and you're
opening up the slit and you will get
little pieces of them no vanilla on your
fingers and on your cutting board but
that's what you want and just make sure
all of it goes into your jar all right
so there's another one that I'm just
gonna cut like that and slit it open on
both sides so that you've got some stuff
coming out of there and you want to
collect all that stuff oh it smells so
good I love the smell of vanilla and so
this is lovely
alright I'll finish those later and put
them in let's talk about jars you do not
need a special jar you can use a pint
jar with a screw-on lid like this and
that is fine you can use a smaller jar
and I did this on purpose I wanted to
try and see how does it turn out if I
have four and a half vanilla pods in
this one and I have one and a half Anila
pods in this one I was given when I was
sent my ten there was actually eleven in
there so I actually could play with this
a little bit more and then I'm saving
five to go in here five cut up pods in
there and then this was almost two cups
not quite two cups of vodka poured over
the vanilla beans in this one and
probably just over a cup in this and you
want to leave this head
in the jar do you see that I didn't fill
the jar all the way and that's you
really don't want your jar to explode in
the instant pot so you do not want to
fill it completely to the top I am using
some Smirnoff red label vodka and I paid
about 21 dollars for this and so it's um
I'm really glad I bought the bigger
bottle because I did this batch at home
last night I'm gonna do this here at
work today and I'm going to use probably
the full two cups in here and see where
we get to and then I might add a little
and then there's enough left in here to
do one more batch if I wanted to do that
so you're gonna take your vanilla I mean
your vodka and put it over your vanilla
beans in the jar and I'm really glad I'm
using this jar there that's a full two
cups and this is just a jar from around
my house and the minute you start
putting it in you'll see that the
vanilla beans the pods are releasing all
of the little vanillin inside of it and
it's really great
normally this would need to sit for two
to four months to make vanilla but
because of the instant pot we're gonna
do it in less than an hour isn't that
awesome okay so I've got my vanilla in
there and then let's talk about the lids
I'm just gonna put on the lid that this
jar came in this was probably a pickle
jar and I'm gonna turn it on and then
I'm gonna turn it back just a little bit
so that it's loose it doesn't come off
but it Wiggles
and makes noise you do not want to seal
it all the way too tight because you
want a little of the alcohol to escape
during the cooking process and you don't
want the jars to explode inside the the
instant pot we are not canning vanilla
we are making vanilla the same if you
use a mason jar with a lid you put the
lid on and then you put this on and you
just do it what they call finger tight
so that it goes on and I turn it
and then I even backed it up just a
little bit same with this turn it on and
back it up a little bit once they come
out of the pot then you can certainly
tighten them and we'll talk about
storage for this in a in a few minutes
hi Gail Belle how are you today glad to
see you with us Cindy Broadway is there
Carrie Jacobson hi Amy main how are you
Oh strawberry shortcake Linda yes that's
one of my favorite things in the world
yum yum yum all of you telling me all
these good things it's gonna make me
hungry okay so one of the things that I
did and I do feel very strongly that
this is my job for you our Watchers is I
read everything I can find on this and
then I sort of practice it and distill
the information all for you and I do
want to give a shout out to the two
people that I got the most information
from marcy butters over at tidbits
that's a wonderful website she just does
a beautiful job and she always has
really great information and if you go
to tidbits com I think that's what it's
called if you type in Marcy butters or
tidbits and vanilla you'll come to her
amazing tutorials and in her tutorials
she has links so that you can buy cute
little jars and labels for your vanilla
if you're going to give it as gifts I
also got a great deal of information for
Meghan's blonde over at the kitchen and
so I'm really happy that I went through
their tutorials but as with everything
with the instant pot there's a lot of
conflicting information
Marcy butters use uses a lot of vanilla
beans in her vodka whereas on the
kitchen they didn't use quite as much so
I sort of split the difference so to
speak and I put five in with two cups
and I feel as we tasted it and smelled
it this morning I think that's just
going to be absolutely perfect and it
makes it a little bit more economical
instead of putting all ten in the two
cups of vodka you could get two
out of it and so that's why I wrote our
recipe the way I did and remember you
can always ask us for our recipes and
we're happy to send you the PDF of them
alright so what is in the instant pot I
have one cup of water and the trivet and
I have to tell you all something funny
because I go back and forth from home to
my office with my instant pot I have one
here and at home sometimes stuff gets
spread out between my house and here and
when I went to make this last night I
didn't have a trivet so do you know what
I did I found two of these in my store
of jars and I just put these in the
bottom I put two a regular-sized mason
jar lids and I put my I put my vanilla
jars on top of each one of those so like
this in the bottom with a cup of water
and it turned out perfectly this is how
to improvise if you don't have a trivet
you can certainly use one of these okay
and it turned out perfectly and I had no
glass exploding which is the one thing
that you do want to know about this
recipe is that it could you could there
are people who talk about it online
about how their vanilla glass their
vanilla jars exploded in the instant pot
which is why we're not tightening the
lid okay so one cup of water and the
trivet then you're going to put your
vanilla in there and I'm just going to
set it in here and you can see that even
that big of a jar is going to sit just
fine in there you cannot do a quart jar
in the instant pot so that's why we're
doing smaller jars and you see that's
gonna fit just fine so after the show
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna finish
splitting all of these vanilla beans and
put it in there but I want you to know
that then you set your instant pot to
manual pressure for thirty minutes and
again you'll see different things online
but it's all been tested and I do think
the 30 minutes is better you don't need
to go a whole 60 minutes because then
the pressure forces the
vanilla-bean to break down more and you
want to keep the villain illa beans
intact for storage and gift-giving and
I'll get to that in just one second so
you've got the vodka over the beans in
the pot the lid on the jar very loosely
the lid on the instant pot tighten it
down lock and seal your lid on put your
toggle to sealing thirty minutes is all
you're going to need and then when your
instant pot beeps and your thirty
minutes are done go unplug your instant
pot and just leave it sit there you can
leave it even sit there all day
but you want it to sit at least for one
hour and that is because these will be
super super hot and because of the
pressure differential in the pot and the
jars you do not want to take a quick
release and you do not want to take them
out right away so this is one of those
wonderful instant pot recipes where you
do it you walk away and you leave it and
later you come and take your pot out
your top off of your instant pot and
again use some very strong tongs this is
still even after an hour they were super
hot and so you want to be super careful
as you bring your new vanilla extract
out of the pot be super careful they are
very hot then set them on your cutting
board or somewhere where they're not
going to get bumped leave the lids a
little bit a jar just like you had them
don't tighten them down lot yet let it
cool and you can continue to swirl it
around and what you see is there's some
of the vanilla in there little tiny tiny
pieces of the vanilla and that's exactly
what you want after they've completely
cooled tighten your lids all the way
down and then store this somewhere for
about two weeks and you may smell a lot
of alcohol it's pretty strong when it
comes out but after two weeks it mellows
so very beautifully you'll have less of
the alcohol and more of the vanilla and
then if you want to decant them and put
all of the
and some of the liquid in cute little
jars for gifts
the reason we're trying to save the bean
is so that if you do decant it take the
liquid and a bean and put it in each of
the pretty jars because that will keep
it'll keep it very flavorful and getting
even stronger as it stores so let's
pretend you make it now at the end of
October by December when it's time to
start gift-giving time you've got
beautiful vanilla already made it
doesn't take very long and really want
to know the truth you could use it right
now it just would be a little bit more
alcohol II and of course that will bake
or cook off when you use it so the other
thing I want you to know if you don't
want to make alcohol-based vanilla is
you can get a food grade glycerin and do
the exact same thing that I have done
it's the exact same procedure but you
can use it with glycerin and it makes
just as beautiful of a vanilla and so
that's the way that you can do this in a
non-alcoholic way okay vanilla beans
slit carefully to expose the yummy gummy
stuff in the middle and then you put the
vodka over it leaving a little bit of a
head at the top of your jar you only
want the lid on very very lightly just
so that nothing comes out thirty minutes
in an instant pot and then be careful
whoops
be careful when you after an hour at
least of letting it just sit inside the
instant pot take it out and he have
economical delicious vanilla that's just
as good as any of the expensive stuff
that you find in the store
okay now Laurie Stribling says she
bought her beans on vanilla I did too
that's where these came from they had
ten beans for around 37 or 38 dollars
that was the best price that we could
find on the internet when we ordered
ours
yeah Cindy red and you're going to love
this it's a wonderful wonderful way
Oh Kathy Lacey's been doing this for a
while she's getting some more to do
labels for Christmas yeah I am too this
is just a wonderful wonderful way hi
kami dragon hi Margaret how are you
Becky Thatcher hey Becky how are you I'm
so glad you joined me today Margaret I
can promise you Margaret was saying that
she went on a cruise I got vanilla in
Mexico this is gonna be better
I bought some Mexican vanilla and I
didn't like how it tasted in my baking
and I'm very very picky so I will be
happy to send you the recipe when we ask
you all you have to do is comment yes
and you will have the wonderful PDF
version of this also and please share
this I will post this later today on our
Facebook page but on our blog which is
at quick and Kari calm I have a
step-by-step tutorial with the pictures
so that it's super clear if you've
missed part of my directions during the
show or you just want to see something
written out go too quick and carry calm
because I put all of my photos as I did
the process at home last night and the
finished product on there with very very
clear instructions but this is a perfect
perfect use of the instant pot instead
of a six weeks wait it's in ton in an
hour and then yeah you can let it sit
for a while if you're using it as gifts
but I bet we could use this for cookies
this afternoon and if the smell is
anything to go by this is wonderful
vanilla and yes it's a little on the
pricey side for the investment that you
make but this could last you at least a
year and then you'd have some for gifts
too so I do think doing it this way is
much more economical fun and extremely
delicious okay thank you to all of you
who have been here do you have any last
minute
Kathy Genovese do you store this in the
fridge no because of the alcohol content
Kathy you can store this just in your
cabinet like the stuff that you would
buy from the store and that is one of
the benefits of using a pretty strong
vodka this is 40 percent alcohol so
doesn't that make this 80 proof I think
that's the way that that works and
that's why I went with the Smirnoff red
label on Marcy butters site she gets
into a lot of the mathematics which is
not gonna work in my brain but she
figured out that this is the best thing
you could also use bourbon and since my
son Arthur makes bourbon I'm gonna get
some from him and try it that way
because I'm interested to see how that
flavor profile develops other than that
come on vanilla beans and vodka two
things in an instant pot and it comes
out also delicious thank you so much for
joining us today please be sure to share
this show and our recipe with your
friends unless you're gonna give them
all gifts of vodka I mean give them all
gifts of vanilla and you don't want to
show them how you made it otherwise
share this show it's a super easy way to
make gifts for all of your beloved's for
the holidays let us know if you have any
questions or concerns once you try it we
love to see your questions and comments
as you try stuff but I think you're
gonna be super excited about this recipe
just like I am thank you so much for
watching today and as Julia Child used
to say bone Appetit
you