more stuff they do not want you to know
and
uh this is something I tried to research
on the
internet two years ago before I did it
for the first
time and there's a lot of people on you
know the one search engine site where
they have all the answers and all the
people think they know everything that
starts with a y and ends in a double
zero or a double O I should say um
you can figure out which site that is
and who has that answers but uh all
their experts and internet knowledgeable
people and internet you know
knowledgeable of washing machines and
dishwashers say you cannot use
dishwasher soap in a washing machine
I've debunked that myth it actually
works out rather well first off is
uh that stuff there this is a Cascade
complete this is not not scented when
your clothes come out of the washing
machine after washing with
this uh I got sensitive skin and you
know I'm not going to say do this and
then put a pair of underwear on do this
with some towels or something that you
can rewash it or wash it a few times and
get it out if you needed to but wash
something like towels and then lay your
arm on it for an hour and see if you
have any sort of
irritation uh if you got skin allergies
like a lot of people do now but you can
use this this will take um if you have
an incontinent individual you're taking
care of and they get it on their clothes
and
towels this takes the smell out whereas
sometimes two or three packets of um
washer washer laundry I should say
laundry detergent for a washing machine
the packets like this
uh the good brand I was using that was
hypen allergenic I'm sorry would not
take the odor out and I'd have to do two
or three Washings on the same
load by accident I had ended up with
more uh dishwasher packets than I needed
and a couple different kinds of cascade
ones so I took the ones that were
getting old and dried out and the the
outer casing was spling on I threw one
in there and washed it see what happened
did it some
more
um when I run out of laundry
soap uh I use these if I have stuff
that's heavily soiled um my pants and my
shirts after I've been working on cars
this seems to take the grease right out
of there works as well as tide but
without all the skin irritations and no
uh fragrance
crud and I really hate fragrance and
everything um the fragrances I use these
days are mostly chemical based they're
not made from
Essences and and they do funny things to
my body uh and they cause a lot of the
allergies that people have so if you're
need hypoallergenic stuff and you need
something really heavy duty cleaned
let's go you can even find these uh I
went and stopped at the dollar store
they didn't have the laundry soap
packets I like but they did have these
Cascade complete a package of uh four
for a dollar so 25 cents each I and uh I
didn't have to go in other stores get it
away from the kitten before he gets over
here he likes to sniff these things I
keep them put up in cabinets I'm a
responsible adult um if you have
children these are as dangerous as
laundry soap
packets uh
so handle them with care store them with
care as always uh
you know don't leave anything dangerous
where a child or an animal can get to it
have a good one