welcome to the backwoods gourmet channel
for another catch clean and cook y'all
stay tuned
[Music]
[Music]
so I heard stories from the old days and
the old-timers that red fish weren't 15
there was millions and millions of
pounds back in a day there were
ground-up fertilizers it was until
recent times I think in 1980s the red
fish became popular as a table fish I
mean where I grew up North Florida you
know people always ate them there they
called him red bass so you guys stick
around and watch this little fishing
trip and then we're gonna cook up some
redfish captain from the day Devon
Chandler
aye-aye-aye
so what do you think how do you think
we're gonna do today Devin tear mop like
always
in four we just got us some blue crabs
and fresh some fresh dead shrimp shrimp
bubblegum shrimp that's what they got
you can pull it you can crawl it
right
it's about all you can do
as I bake good morning and nation's
oldest cities st. Augustine Florida
there's a lighthouse over there
[Music]
all right morning on right here there we
go to probably grab the huffing your
fishing spoon
he's hooked up this was on a crap so I
got a bunch of drag
hopefully it's not stinking shark or
someone
[Music]
that
British big ol red
redfish City baby
the goal redfish caught early this
morning
nice
[Music]
we started preparing for this dish these
are just yellow grit cakes we just put
those in a terrine you know made the
grits put it on a train let it cool in
the refrigerator we sprayed the terrine
with some nonstick spray and then turned
them out and we put some salt pepper on
here I have melted butter which will
paint on them when we get ready to do
them nothing special
all right we're gonna go ahead and start
our great cakes this is gonna be one of
our side dishes for the redfish I was
waiting for mrs. backwoods to get back
from Key West but she's taken a day to
get here so we ran out like we're gonna
have to go ahead and get it started
we're gonna film this mm-hmm and what I
have here is just cornstarch so we
painted these cool grit cakes of butter
and so we're just gonna dredge them on
all the sides some on this all sides
with plain old cornstarch we did season
these with salt and pepper
I'm gonna set that one to the side get
number two you slippin mother and
getting on about bottom of them so we'll
dredge him playing court starch then
special alright lets em to the side so
those are ready and over here in the
good old cast-iron Lodge we got our oil
getting ready and we're gonna deep fry
them really fast remember they're
already cooked so all we need to do is
crisp um up
I have folks the bowls up the temp so
we're gonna go ahead and lay these guys
in number two here beautiful
we just got it right in the deep fried
and over here we already have a plate
with a paper towel ready this is not
going to take long
[Music]
hey these guys are done go ahead and
take them out
and put them over here on paper towel
and you could have a very nice crispy
outside with the creamy grits on the
inside okay we have our redfish season
on both sides this is one that we caught
back up in st. Augustine you guys can go
back and look at the video I'll leave
you a link it's the other half the one
we didn't cook for Shore lunch so over
here we've got the the top of our double
lodge pan skillet cover combo we've got
the top of that going and then we're
gonna get that Joker blazing blazing hot
we've just got to stuff tiny bit of oil
in it I rubbed it around in there and we
want a nice dry hot smoking pan to do
this redfish all right let's see our pan
is smoking hot
because redfish gonna do these one at a
time you know we got room to do more
than one go ahead drop one and that
should be a nice sizzle you got to watch
this we don't want to burn it we just
want to get it crunchy brown
I give it a little I like tried giving a
little presses down with the spatula to
make sure it's contacting the pan so
we're gonna go ahead and turn it now and
that's that's going to be very close to
perfect
[Music]
we're gonna cook on the other side now
all righty
here's the plate up guys pretty simple
nice tail piece of the blackened redfish
there get that right on the plate
all right oh here we have our grit cake
put that right here all right and over
here we have some fresh microgreens this
is a baby baby bok choy leaves with a
Worcestershire homemade Worcestershire
and apple cider vinaigrette little
greens there on the side and then for
that grit cake you know yeah we think
this is straight-up sofrito the tomato
base sofrito from migoi oh this is
really good stuff it's uh it's a Spanish
food but believe me it is awesome with
any kind of a fish dish so there you go
so backwards gourmet version of black
and red fish hope you all enjoyed
hey thanks for watching the backwoods
gourmet and it's always please subscribe
share comment if you hit that like
button we'll lock you back we'll see you
next stop
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]