[Music]
hi everyone
Marlene here from Ana's flowers we
wanted to take the time to make this
video for you to show you how to care
for your beautiful poinsettias so I want
to invite you to our greenhouse we have
tons of beautiful poinsettias here
they've been growing since August Rudy
my brother the grower has been taking
amazing care of them just to give you
some insight on they're blooming they
start to turn color as soon as we have a
long period of darkness so when we have
14 hours of darkness the first Brax will
start to turn their color yellow pink or
red it takes about eight weeks for them
to be in full bloom
so just in time for Christmas you'll
have full color on your poinsettia and
you'll have it to enjoy during Christmas
time so we've got a few different points
Edea sizes ranging from 4 inches all the
way up to 10 prices start at 399 and go
up to $24.99 so how do you choose the
perfect poinsettia here are a couple
tips so first you want to look at the
center of the bloom and make sure that
you see buds you don't want those buds
to be open
also you want to look at the full use at
the bottom make sure it's nice and full
and there's no foliage that has dropped
off that could mean that it was exposed
to a cold draught of course it's nice
and toasty here in the greenhouse so
that shouldn't be the case on any of
them and you also want to make sure the
soil is evenly moist you want to make
sure it hasn't been drying out so
where's the perfect place for your
poinsettia you want to get at home you
want to take into consideration light it
likes a bright indirect light window
either eastern southern or western
exposure is perfect if you're hosting
and you'd like to put it on your
tabletop definitely do so just return it
to its happy window spot after if you're
putting it near a fireplace just be
careful it doesn't like to be too warm
so keep it far enough away it likes to
be between 15 and 22 Celsius or 65 to 75
Fahrenheit also avoid any cool drafts so
don't put it by a door where the door is
going to be opening and closing and a
cool drop might affected your leaves
will drop right away and it will tell
you this I'm not
watering and fertilizing your poinsettia
you're going to water your poinsettia
roughly every other day if it's in a
bright and direct lake window like it
prefers you're going to make sure of
course when you water that it's not
remaining in any water poinsettias don't
like wet feet so if you have it in a
foil or a ceramic pot the best thing to
do is remove it from that pot water it
in the sink and then return it once the
excess water has drained out you won't
have to fertilize your poinsettia this
winter season but if you do decide to
keep it and I'll give instructions on
how to do that you will be fertilizing
it monthly with an all-purpose
fertilizer if you do decide to keep your
poinsettia past the winter season here
are some tips on how to keep it so it
will last a few weeks past Christmas
most definitely once it starts to drop
all of its foliage you can cut it back
to about four to six inches you're going
to let the soil dry between waterings
you're going to keep it in a bright
indirect window fertilize it monthly and
you'll see in October the same cycle
will happen again so once the 14 hour
stretch of night becomes longer you'll
start that you'll see that your
poinsettia will start to turn color
again so the cycle will start over on a
final note we want to make sure you and
your loved ones safe safe please keep
your curious pets and children away from
poinsettias
because they are mildly toxic if
ingested thanks so much for tuning in to
our video we hope you gathered some
insight about caring for your
poinsettias and we hope to see you soon
[Music]
you