[Music]
hi I'm Sally and I'm going to show you
how to make a delicious bread and butter
pudding these are the ingredients you
are going to
need so start by building up the bread
in the dish I've cut triangles I've left
the crusts on cuz I think they really
taste great and will give a nice crispy
Edge when the bread is poking out of the
top so now you can fit in in the
sultanas now I'm going to make up the
creamy custard and for this I've got the
milk vanilla extracts gone in there
already crack in a couple of
eggs start
whisking now I'm going to pour it over
and then I'm just going to push the
bread down a little with the fork now
leave that for half an hour to rest and
to allow the custard to be absorbed into
the bread and then before you put it
into the oven you want to sprinkle over
a little bit more sugar and that goes
into an oven at 180Â° Centigrade for
between 30 and 35
minutes and there you go perfect bread
and butter
[Music]
pudding