[Music]
week on the subscribe button and press
that like watching more update reviews
thank you and okay this is stunning and
you are watching civil engineers YouTube
channel delivered in this video and are
you Junior how to calculate land area is
size next start if you are interested
about this video you must commence
alendronate your answer share this video
like this video and subscribe this
channel for our debut next our so to
find out the length area its site we
have to use the nearest formula which
was here from Buddha which is is unroot
8 into 8 - 8 and we H minus B inverse
minus C so what is it is in the linear a
meter where it is equal a speed less T
divided by 2 here this is the separate
triangle which is him are s okay Q of Z
with a this one and Alice is different
be ok this one and Q H we will see so
this a this one is B this is C ok now to
find out
for example some indicator and Google
you can download for the Brazil in the
manual method you can find out the area
it side okay so now this is the close I
would and I provide out the helium this
so it will double Q our business I think
you are it becomes a rotate resistant
adjust image it it becomes what so here
you are we can say okay widget here if
we get Delta is our example devices this
is 170 G ot this way
for review to some become
the US by out all the dimensions of the
driver so it and this one will become
nothing but okay now we'll make more
triangle and then rotate follow to this
in double points
Cupid so this is Kim
so
[Music]
one to visit the toy is number one so
China number one ranked number two in
over 3 so that is 7 3 7 5 f is a very
negative is a negative number 13 okay so
this is a okay and it becomes B and this
one becomes people typically equal to
type u 2 and n people to 7 here okay so
this is also 5 none of this one this one
we have X 3 for example 52 because it is
not so and this is the it we should be
so I step and out helia
and the first one triangle this one how
we can find out far more time and you
can also use this on without it so
triangle number first calculate our
operating that we are inside in this
okay by the operation a final physical
size and the third one by calculating
our by the aging please PLEASE triangle
until June theory off it's gross okay
hope desktops
[Music]
now I am to find out if mrs. Newman and
the Beast until you arrive okay so as
here to ensure that D is here - then
please your majesty
Marley
okay new stipulation for the calculation
here
seventy-five years nine people what you
1/2 to 10.5 in evil 10.5 see okay so
Eddie here 10.5 now I have ran out the
red area of this triangle in this tribal
20 level first with this formula you can
find out
Simon member simm interior and the time
interval 30 by giving but less one-sided
plus you can try a million objects
during the media it will give you the
area of this group sighs okay this I am
try out various first gospel okay
it is over here
this is my path here this point - it's
against ten point five six a seven here
okay again in this one five subjects
beast will fight again this one five
subjects t he is not here okay now
which then point five here the design
phase one 10 by 5 which inside what 10 -
5 10 25 minutes till 10.5 is she gone
anywhere
in ten grand five aisle five so in in
twenty five five
mm pursue legitimate and significant
women for this the Jews under spend with
okay in 1 5 - 9 - 10 25 - Man 1 in brain
fight for this night
right
[Music]
Oh
that went well today
3.5 which i 5.5 inside 1.50 ending
algorithm just take our roots click on
under loop button tentacle place so we
will run a one team
Norma key point
why
to leave the area
triangle numbers but it uses a formula
for second triangle of the preferred