hey guys so in this video I'm just going
to be showing you how you can turn your
Bath & Body Works candle jars or any
Candle jar into a clear container for
storage and I I recommend the Bath &
Body Works brand because I've tried this
with other brands and that one works the
best so I think these look really pretty
for display or just for storing small
things and this is what a clear finished
jar looks
like so you can use these with or
without the lid it's really up to you
so basically I took this kennel jar out
of the freezer I had it in there for a
while and there's a crack in it cuz the
wax got colder it's really optional to
put it in the freezer I've tried it
without and it works just as well so
just take a kitchen knife and and then
start trying to pick the wax out and if
you do have a crack in it it should be
pretty easy to wedge
out so after you've taken the wax out
just throw it in the garbage and then
you should be left with the front label
an empty jar and the bottom label since
the bom Body Works candles are pretty
high quality it's actually really easy
to wash them out just get some hot water
the detergent and you can start washing
out the inside with a
sponge as you can see the label comes
off pretty easily and sorry for my arm
being in the way um but yeah so just
keep washing it out until it gets pretty
clean and then make sure you rinse out
the sponge really well
also also make sure you have one of
these mesh things so the wax doesn't get
caught in the
drain after that you should have this
really pretty clear jar and all you have
to do is dry it and it's pretty much
ready to
use so as you can see there's no Leo
residue from any of the glue and it was
really easy to clean all that was needed
was hot water and
detergent all right so I hope you guys
enjoy this tutorial it's actually really
easy it only takes about 5 minutes to do
and yeah so I'll talk to these later
please like comment and subscribe okay
bye yeah