hi and welcome back to pissant kitchen
today we're gonna do a recipe on garlic
knots
I did an event a private event where we
were making a live garlic knots and I
thought to myself we should share this
recipe with my youtube family so let's
get started this is gonna be onions
we're gonna need pieces Oh I made this
earlier I'm gonna post a recipe in my
description this is about 32 ounce we
need a pizza baking sheet pizza cutter
obviously for the dry ingredients
we're gonna need pepper we're gonna need
salt crushed red chili it's up to you if
you like it I like a little zip to my
garlic knots
Parmesan cheese little Italian seasoning
dry parsley fresh garlic flour and of
course extra words and olive oil guys
it's gonna be an awesome recipe it's
gonna look really fun to make flour
spread it all around get it on your
hands look at the dough don't be afraid
this dough is nice and proof so you
press it work the fingers you just cut
not too thin
cuz you want to roll them and or not
them so the flour on your hands just
take the not two fingers and fold don't
tighten it not two fingers and fold not
two fingers and fold and take a bottom
take the garlic sauce and we just paste
them a little bit and place them on the
pan the dry flour does is prevents them
from sticking together so now they're in
our pan let's get them in oven put them
in the oven 375 for about 15 minutes
we're gonna go check them about 20
minutes they'll be good to go
hey guys the Dodge master cooking let's
put the garlic on only got it not extra
virgin olive oil about half a cup then
we go we add pepper to taste I would say
about 1 1 and 1/2 teaspoon salt take it
easy on you know and after you make the
mix see if you like it then add more
because you can over that more you
cannot take it back fresh garlic my
favorite so I'm gonna go low have you
handed on Italian seasoning about a
tablespoon I'm gonna put all of this in
the description so you guys have the
exact measurements Parmesan cheese
little crushed pepper this is completely
optional I like it a little spicy so I'm
gonna add a little crushed red pepper
and my favorite garnish drive hi guys
the oil is ready it's nice it's gorgeous
smells amazing even if you don't want to
make garlic knots and you get some fresh
Italian bread and you've got some pasta
parmesan chicken parmesan just take a
little make a little bit of this oil put
in a little Bowl dip your bread in it
eat it with your pasta or parmesan it
comes out amazing and now we add the
marinara now I added the marinara sauce
that I made earlier
the garlic and olive oil mix hmmm this
is amazing it's hot
spicy and there's so much texture with
the garlic knots is gonna be out of this
world if you look at them they are
doubled in size what a gorgeous color
let's put them in the oil
come on part time mixing em make sure
all the olive oil and the car like S on
them they look hot and I can't wait I
will fry them this is it guys
garlic knots already they have the
gorgeous color
now let's play
[Music]
final touches the dry parsley little
extra parmesan cheese little crushed
pepper give it a little color Diablo
sauce you made is it the garlic Mountain
folks garlic knots already the color is
gorgeous the consistency is amazing
the smell is out of the world we have a
little Parmesan cheese we have fried
Diablo sauce this is a simple gorgeous
recipe it takes you maybe 25 to 30
minutes to make it it's a good side dish
to have with any kind of talion food
you're making I hope you guys like this
video because I had a great time and I'm
gonna see you next time the Sun style