in this video I'm going to show you how
to do interfaced applique very often you
have a something a smooth gentle shape
like a large Circle and it's very hard
when your needle turn appliqueing to get
the outer edge nice and smooth drives
you crazy well I have a solution that
works for me and it involves the use of
a lightweight interfacing let me show
you how to do it the first thing I do is
Trace my applique shape onto my
interfacing and this is a fusible
interfacing um this is like the most
generally used one that there is it's
not a lightweight but it's a light to
medium weight and um you can get it
either in packages or off the bolt at
the fabric store so I'm just tracing
around and I probably wouldn't use a
purple marker normally but I want you to
be able to see this I'd probably use
something that might disappear a little
bit better then the next step is got to
find my scissors is that you just Trace
around this and you know like maybe half
an inch or something it doesn't matter
we're going to be cutting it away anyway
so don't like take a whole lot of time
on it um because you're just going to be
undoing the effort now you'll notice
that the interfacing has if you haven't
worked with it before it has sort of a a
flat side I guess and then it has a side
that's nubbly this has got bumps on it
and you can feel that and that bumpy
side is the what would be the glue and
so what you're going to do in order to
do your applique is you're going to take
your fabric that you're going to turn
into a circle A Perfect Circle and then
this is kind of counterintuitive
sometimes but you're going to place this
on top your interfacing so that the
nubbly which is the sticky is to the
fabric when you think about it when you
then turn it right sides out it's going
to make the whole circle sticky to your
background and if you don't get that now
don't worry once you go through one of
them it'll it'll make sense in your
brain so the next step is to sew I've
sewn this one all the way around and
I've tried to stay on the line um the
neater you can be the better your circle
is going to come out and now I'm going
to do is trim a/4 of an inch all the way
around the
circle with that trimmed now I'm going
to cut a slit just in the interfacing so
I pinch and pull the two layers apart
and just cut a slit through that fold
and just make it big enough that you can
turn the applique right sides out
through the
opening pretty easy so far huh now this
is going to turn into a pretty pretty
Circle but one of the ways I find that
you can help is of course going along
and opening the edges and this is when
you can see why you don't want to use
anything permanent that's of any kind of
a color that's going to show through I
can see this dark now this marker I used
washes out but still you know why have
to go to that trouble but I just wanted
you to be able to see it now one of the
things that I like to do now and I
learned this from doll making is I like
to take something and push out my seams
this is the um I have a wonderful tool
from doll making that has a perfect Edge
but I moved and you know it's one of
those things I just can't find so this
is the screwdriver from my baby lock and
I just happened to uh think well that
would work fine so I just push go in
there and push that out and you know I
had a place or two that I hadn't sewn
perfectly and I'm wondering if I'm going
to be able to tell I think that's one
right there it's it pokes out a little
bit so that's why careful sewing is
important and um cuz then you want your
perfect circles so now we're ready for
the next step if you don't have one of
these and you use any kind of fusibles
you really want one this is an applique
pressing sheet and several companies
make them this happens to be the Fons
and Porter brand which um I use because
not only because I'm associated with
them but because they make such great
products but what this does is this is
sticky remember but you can now press
this
so that you can get your seams all
worked out and nice and flat but you're
not sticking to anything this will come
right off so that's why I'm using this
so now press your applique so that you
get the edges nice and flat and crisp
and now you should have a perfect circle
all ready to place on your quilt top and
remember now you've got all this nice
sticky here so when you lay this on your
quilt top you can press it it'll stay in
place and then when you do your applique
whether by hand or machine it will stay
in place for you very nicely so you can
do your perfect stitching over your
perfect
circle for more videos like this visit
q& nv.com I mean lots more
videos