[Music]
hi I'm Stephanie jorski of Joy
baking.com today we're going to make a
marble cake this is a unique cake
because it combines a chocolate cake
with a vanilla cake and what's really
great is that we're going to do it with
just one cake batter so the first thing
we need to do is preheat our oven to
350° F which is 180° C and then you will
need a 10in 25 cm bunt pan and a bunt
pan has the inner tube like this and
fluted sides and we need to butter this
or spray it with a non-stick spray I
prefer to use a non-stick spray because
you want to make sure you get in all
these um the grooves of the fluted pan
because we don't want our um cake to
stick and make sure you spray the inner
tube and if you don't have a bunt pan
you could just use a tube pan as well
for this so the first thing we need to
do is melt some chocolate um you will
need 5 oz that's 140 gam of either a
semi or a bittersweet chocolate and put
that in heat proof bowl and coarsely
chop your chocolate and put it over a
saucepan of simmering water and we're
just going to melt this um you know till
it's nice and smooth if you want a
little coffee flavor I'm not going to
bother with that today but if you do you
can add like a tablespoon of um brewed
coffee or mix uh a teaspoon of instant
coffee or instant espresso powder in one
tablespoon of hot water if you want that
so just um melt this until it's all
smooth okay so our chocolate is melted
so just remove it from the heat give it
a quick
stir and then I'm just going to put this
aside because what we want to do um is
let this cool to room temperature and
next we'll start the cake
batter so now for the batter um if you
have an electric Stam mixer like I have
here uh use a paddle attachment or you
could use a hand mixer so the first
thing you need is 3/4 of a cup that's
170 G of butter and have that at room
temperature I like to use the unsalted I
prefer the flavor but you could um use
salted
here and then I'm just going to beat
this just until it gets creamy and
smooth like maybe a minute or
so okay so you just want it nice and
smooth and I'm just going to scrape down
the sides in the
bottom do this as often as you need to
to make sure that um all your
ingredients are mixed together well so
now what we're going to do with the
mixer running on low speed or medium low
I'm going to add 1 and 1/4 cups that's
250 g of granulated white sugar and I'm
going to do that
[Music]
gradually
[Music]
[Music]
okay so now I'm just going to scrape
everything
down so now what we want to do is get
some real air um into this batter the
butter and the uh sugar we want a really
nice light and fluffy cake so I'm going
to um mix this at medium high speed for
somewhere between depend on your mixer
and that between 3 and 5 minutes until
it's really nice and light and
fluffy okay that looks good so as you
can see it's really nice and
light lot it's creamy it's fluffy it's
got lots of air in the batter so that a
really nice light and fluffy cake that's
how you get it so next we're going to
add three large eggs and we're going to
add them one at a time beating one in
and then the next and the next and have
your eggs at room temperature so I'll
just put one in
here
okay scra down now if you have a little
curdling of the batter um don't worry
that'll all uh smooth out once we uh add
the dry
ingredients next sake well added them
both oh well we'll just Beed it a little
longer if that
happens
[Music]
okay
again lots of scraping make sure you get
the bottom of the bowl as well and then
we're going to add Now 1 and 1/2 tpoon
of vanilla extract and try to use a Pure
it has better flavor than the artificial
ones and along with that I'm going to
add a third of a cup it's 80 mL of you
can either use um sour cream or a full
fat plain yogurt if you want use that
either one and have that have your sour
cream or yogurt at room
temperature and I'm just going to beat
that
in okay so that's that done not too
hard so now for our um dry ingredients
in a separate Bowl I have 2 and 1/4 cups
which is 295 G of allpurpose flour you
could or you may know that as plain
flour and to that I'm going to add 2 and
1/2 table or 2 and 1/2 teaspoons sorry
of baking powder 1/4 of a teaspoon of
baking soda and a half a teaspoon of
salt now if you use salted butter um I I
would probably leave out that salt you
don't really need it and then you can
either sift or I'm going to just use a
wire
whisk and that all together you want to
make sure that that especially that
baking powder and the baking soda is
really mixed into the
flour get a little air in that too if
you have a sifter you could use that or
a strainer okay now we're going to add
we're not going to add all the flour all
at once cuz they'll fly up in our face
and and it takes so long to mix it in so
we're going to add the flour in three
additions and we're going to alternate
that with a half a cup that's 120 ml of
milk you can use either a full fat milk
or uh reduce fat like I'm using a 2%
here either one so I'm going to add just
about a third of the
flour and always start your um mixer on
low speed because you don't want that
flour coming up and then you can
increase it as it starts to mix
[Music]
in okay and then add half of your
milk
okay you don't want to mix too much you
just want to mix it until it's all um
Incorporated that's it and then
stop and a little more
[Music]
flour
rest of our
[Music]
milk and finally finish off with the
flour
[Music]
okay I'm just going to finish it off and
mix that last bit of flour by
hand
so now we have one batter but we want to
make two flavors of cake so what we're
going to have to do is divide this
batter cuz we have to remember we melted
that chocolate so now we got to fold it
into part of the batter now
um you can do this you have two bowls
like I'm going to have here and you want
um a little more than a half in one bowl
cuz that will be our vanilla and for the
little less than a half of the batter
we're going to um fold in that melted
chocolate you can do that just eyeball
it um if you have a scale like I have
here that's a really great way cuz you
can really be quite
accurate you can just weigh it and then
you
can easier sometimes than having to just
guess
so going to put divide
it
all right so this will be I have a
little more than half there that'll be
the
vanilla and then what I'm going to do
now you could just put this back in your
mixing bowl and mix the chocolate in
with your mixer I'll just do it by hand
so just add now we did cool that the
chocolate a little bit cuz we don't want
to put hot chocolate on our batter would
end up melting
it so that's why we did that first and
let it
cool and then just just mix it
in now I used a more of a bittersweet
chocolate cuz I want a really quite a
sharp flavor of chocolate contrast that
with the vanilla and I I think I forgot
to say that if your bunt pan or tube pan
or whatever is a dark color if you
notice mine is a light color but if
you're using a dark colored bun pan
reduce your oven temperature to
325° F or
165 C because if you have a dark color
that will cook
faster so we got to reduce that heat a
little okay so now's the fun part we
have your chocolate and we have your
vanilla and we have our pan
so I'm going to use um just spoons to
alternate cuz what we're going to do is
put a bit of chocolate a bit of
alternate back and forth between the um
chocolate batter and the vanilla so we
got our pan this is the way I do it some
people you could use um maybe a little
ice cream scoop to do this but so I take
quite a bit I would say probably like a
that maybe a quarter of a cup and put
that and put that one against the side
and then I
take equal amount of the
vanilla that so then next to the
chocolate now I'm going to put a little
bit of vanilla up against the side of
the
pan and
then it doesn't have to be perfect
so takes a bit of no worry about it it's
kind of putting pretty tight you can
always go back and add once we've put it
all
in let's go
around the
pan
okay there we have it so once you do
that then you can either take like I
have a wooden skewer here or you could
even take the a knife and then we just
want to kind of swirl the two together
I'm just making like
circles you don't want to do it too
much just until it's marbleized a bit so
now we're going to put this in the oven
depending uh on your oven somewhere
between 35 and 40 minutes now you might
want to check it a little before the 35
because you don't want to overbake this
and then it tends to be quite dry so
between 35 40 minutes um and until a
toothpick inserted into the center comes
Oak
clean okay our marble cake is now done
as you can see it's risen very nicely
and if you take a skewer and insert it
into the center it will come out clean
so now what we we're going to do is let
this cool somewhere between 20 and 30
minutes and then I'll show you how to
take it out of the
pan so now we'll remove the uh marble
Cape from the pan the first thing I like
to do is just take a either a flat Edge
um spatula like this or a knife and just
run it around the uh inside the pan here
just to make sure that our cake isn't
sticking because we don't want to leave
part of the
cake attached to the pan so
just and then also around the inner core
here just to make
sure okay looks good so then just take
another uh rack
and that and flip
it
and and there we have
it so there we have our marble cake now
normally um I would let it cool a little
more before I cut it but since we need
to see what it looks like let's take a
sharp
knife some people like to frost this I I
prefer just plain I don't really think
it needs maybe a dusting of uh powdered
sugar or cocoa powder if you want but
there you have it see how you have the
just like the inside here you have both
the uh chocolate and vanilla flavored
cake really nice and moist so um this is
at its best the day it's made but you
can cover and store it for a few days or
you can even freeze it so until next
time I'm Stephanie jorski of joy
baking.com
[Music]