okay this is just the most absolutely
random video ever but I was just texting
my friend Megan about this um a few
weeks ago I had posted on my Facebook
how I'm such a rebel because I put my
wedding dress in the washing machine um
I never paid to get my dress washed or
um to take it to the cleaners like um
after the wedding and I I just never
could afford to it's a couple hundred
bucks and so I just couldn't bring
myself to spend that kind of money and
um so it it worked though I put my
wedding dress in our washing machine on
the delicate cycle um I put spray and
wash on some of the spots cuz it had
some spots in the front and I also
sprayed the
train um because we actually went to the
bar after our wedding and went out
dancing I know we're real um hillbilly
like that but like it got it clean and
like the string that you see hanging
that was not from my washing machine
that string was already hanging just
from like stepping on the dress and
stuff but like as you can see it got it
all clean and it was like dingy and
gross let me see if I can flip this
over but like the front I even had
stains on it from like mixed drinks and
stuff like spilling I had a couple
little spots and it got it
totally out so I'm not telling you to go
put your dress in a washing machine um
which Megan is doing right now but but
um it worked for me um it got it clean
so yeah random video of the day you can
wash your dress in the machine on a
delicate cycle and it got it clean for
me at least so anyway that's it bye
guys