[Music]
hi I'm leslee Riker the cleaning Coach
and what we're going to show you today
is how you get on baked on uh food
particles off of your waffle iron now
most of the waffle irons today are
actually made with a non-stick surface
so there's some things you don't want to
do you do want to make sure that you
unplug it before we start cleaning it
you don't want to ever submerge it
everything in here is electrical and
even though some people will say you can
as long as you let it dry I don't
recommend that moisture gets inside
there and you plug it in it'll shock you
and it's not a good thing the other
thing you want to do is don't use
anything that will scratch the surface
the non-stick is there so that things
don't stick to it which makes it easier
to clean if it starts getting scratched
those things can leech into your food
and that's not good for you either so
what you're going to do is if you have
some items that are on there that are
just burnt on I'm going to recommend
just putting a nice hot wet cloth on
there and closing it up and letting it
sit for for a few minutes that's going
to loosen up the particles and they're
going to be easy to get off if those
aren't coming off and you need a little
extra help take a credit card or a
scraper and just go over the spots now
this is a very soft scraper it's not
going to hurt anything it's Rubber and
you can go in and around the different
places where you have some buildup again
the credit card will work just the same
way it's plastic and it won't hurt
anything then what you can do is take
some warm soapy water this is a special
sponge made for non-stick surfaces so it
won't scratch anything you can go down
inside it with the hot water so that's
all there is to it just rinse it off
with some hot water if you want to you
can use some soapy water but make sure
you rinse it dry it and put it away
that's all there is to it happy
[Music]
cleaning