hey everyone welcome back to taste
kitchen this is one of my absolute
favorite dishes so far this is my red
wine soy infuse reduction with a
beautiful Philip steak chestnut stuffing
and all wraps up in the most beautiful
flaky puff pastry obviously for the
heart of the dish we're going to be
using complete Wellington now come to
the butchers they've gone towards the
tail end of the Philip and asked him to
trim it up for me completely onto the
chopping board you get a heavily
seasoned pepper with salty some olive
oil and I'm gonna grab our Philip steak
and we're just gonna roll that backwards
and forwards through making sure we're
you've got a little kiss a little bit of
salt and pepper all over it we can get
Pat to eat something like that befitting
serious and around 20 grams of butter so
for this recipe I've teamed up with Lee
Kum Kee the that smooth masters of the
soy sauce well for this we're going to
use a little bit of something called
double deluxe wing sauce that's gonna
give it real with loads of body and
flavor to the beef itself the gums a lot
soy sauce is a real rich gravy so that's
been a really in half the flavor the
feast with that butter
as well now for an extra bit of flame on
this we're going to use a small shot of
brandy
[Music]
come on and I should just sit there just
to rest to the Phillips to one side now
that can itself is absolutely rampant
with all the flavors you want so again
we're going to go in there with another
25 grams of butter we've got a teaspoon
of freshly grated garlic and then we've
got some rosemary again so just drag
your hand down the back of the sprig
roughly chopped and that can go in G pan
as well now we've gone for about eight
or nine well shredded mushrooms give
that little swell around now look how
dark and glaze those mushrooms have gone
that's from the double deluxe soy sauce
we're going there with another splash of
that just over the top just to give us
an extra body there's so much more than
to the dark and the light soy sauce
which everyone just thinks about you've
got the red braising sauce red braising
sauce add that to a classic pork dish
put in a casserole and punch it full of
flavor you know you've got a sweet and
sour here use it about things like
gyozas and then finally what the double
deluxe which is my firm favourite it
works so well with this Wellington it
punches it full of loads and loads of
flavour right off with the heat they can
go straight once your chopping board you
see how beautiful caramelized e golden
they've gone to chop them and then you
want to add a good sprinkle with
breadcrumbs mix now just gone through
some old breadcrumbs whipped up for a
food blender chop that up really roughly
and that's gonna become your mushroom
stuffing so I got myself some pre done
puff pastry so on top of there with a
layer in some of our mushroom mix so
it'll push into the corners and you're
just going to make that so you saw the
perfect square them out nearly grab beef
Phillips and then like that just at the
start you're gonna get your pastry and
you're gonna roll that the stuffing is
all the way through now just on the
inside a little bit they've wash both
sides and I suppose they're just help it
stick back together and make sure that
all those juices are sealed within the
accent pastry itself and then push that
down trim off any excess pastry now I
want to make this look slightly
different so we're gonna actually bring
some lattice work on here put that's one
side with the Graham ourselves another
piece of our puff pastry I'm working
with this really quickly because this is
nice and cold at the moment and as soon
as it warms up it would start to stick
really badly so roll that back out we've
got a lattice cutter so one of these
little bad boys and he's gonna run that
all the way down and we just need to use
a quarter of this beam that it's like so
and he's gonna lay that just over the
top and then just pull that slightly
just open up each one of those masses
and just a trim off the edges just again
you know grab yourself a pre lines
baking tin just transfer that over and
we then wash that with a load of egg
again all over it's gonna go into our
oven at 180 Celsius around 35 to 40
minutes while we get on with our red
wine reduction
so our pans got loads of flavors still
left in there so whack a bit of heat on
there little bit of oil and then we've
gone in there with around three to four
twenty-five grams of butter add them to
the onions we've got one clove of
crushed garlic give that a good stir
around and lots of caramelization on
those onions
and once they brown just slightly we're
gonna add a good one the heart teaspoons
of sugar so into the onions we're going
to be adding some of the red braising
sauce now this itself is got a real rich
sort of white wine taste to it a good
glug you can see how thick and glaze
that's gone we're gonna add some more
red wine so I'm using the Malbec on this
I'm gonna add about two glasses you
going to let that reduce for our by
around another thirty percent had a
small knob of butter lovely bit of Sheen
through the sauce itself so you can see
there that's reduced down by probably
about a half and it's really started to
thicken up you take our Wellington out
of the oven and just let that rest for a
couple of minutes while we steam up some
spinach that is perfect and the smell in
here is insanely good right the service
one up now Welling from itself it's
twenty up to you how rare you want to go
and I actually not mind quite rare so
see what it's like inside and that's
what you're looking for just lightly
blushing on the inside absolutely
perfect he was smelling beautiful
flavors and aromas coming out of there
so to serve this one up I've just wilted
off a very small amount of spinach we
took a good slice of our Wellington and
then finally our beautiful red wine
reduction
just drizzled around the top I'm so
proud of this recipe I really understand
those different variation this out there
this really really works beef wellington
with mushroom stuffing and the most
gorgeous red wine reduction so simple to
make if you want to know more about the
Lee Kum Kee range please click on the
description box down below which takes
you straight through to their website
these guys have been around for a long
time they do some absolutely phenomenal
products and I can stand behind them
100% if you recreate this one hashtag
Mia's house kitchen as always and I see
you next week
cheers then bye-bye
[Music]
you