hello everyone I am Heather Kreider and
uh as promised I am coming to you with a
home remedy for stopping blood flow when
it is gushing out of the body so if
you've cut yourself
or you can't get the blood flow to stop
um some sort of injury or wound or
scrape or something along those lines
there are two common household herbs
that you probably have right now in your
kitchen that are amazing at stopping
blood we call them Statics a styptic is
something that helps the body to quickly
and effectively coagulate the blood
create that sort of scab bandage that
your body is really really good at doing
the first herb is actually cayenne and
the second herb is cinnamon so I
actually have a personal story about
this I used to play soccer and I used to
always care Terry arnica and cinnamon in
my bag just in case somebody fell or
something like that happened and there
was blood and they couldn't get the
blood to stop so uh we were playing one
day and a friend of mine forgot and he
left his glasses on his head and he
bumped the ball and the glasses cut him
pretty good into his head and there was
a good amount all head wounds always
bleed a lot so there was a good amount
of blood just coming out and we
sprinkled some some cinnamon on there it
created sort of this like protective
bandage uh we removed the excess blood
and then we applied some more cinnamon
on there and the blood flow stopped it
was amazing everybody was amazed
um so I just wanted to share that really
fun inexpensive easy to do trick to get
the blood flow to stop everybody knows
you know when you're watching it and
just keeps coming and coming and coming
it's no fun uh anyways my name is
Heather Kreider and I definitely
encourage you to subscribe to my YouTube
video I would love it if you did
um and I will try and keep up with all
these fun little tips and tricks that
you can do to protect both of you and
your family and your friends from
um from blood flow all right talk to you
later bye