so in this video I'm going to show you
how to clean cloth seat using the
McCulloch 1385 I believe I could have
called steamer on cloth seats now this
is by far one of the most frequently
asked popular questions I get on how to
clean cloth seats with a steam cleaner
now before I do that I will show you how
to clean the seats without a steamer so
just a brush a towel a PC and see how
over they'll change it with that because
again at some point I don't have a
steamer I would just use a brush and a
pc cleaner so the results I show you is
what I'd get in it what I deliver to the
customer because that's the best that I
can do I don't have tools I don't have
anything that I wanted click the job
done so I would literally use a brush
for everything in the interior no
steamer no extractor so if you don't
have a steamer don't worry about it do
the best you can with what you got
deliver it the best to the customer and
make them happy but first of all shout
out to like Darren from Auto fetish Gary
Dean MO NYC Larry because it's a lot of
work to make videos while you're on site
I'm not good at slowing down so that's
why I haven't made videos long I can add
customer sites because I am moving 110
percent and to slow down for a camera is
like eating my time away so shout out to
them is actually really difficult to do
alright so here is the stain I'm not
sure what it is I'm pretty sure it's
food it's nothing you know by all nasty
like you know pcs or anything but it's
brown I don't know today so let's say
you don't have the steamer this is
all-purpose cleaner that little ten to
one this is wrong this is still from the
shine supply solution but again any
affix cream a pc cleaner should work so
all I would do is if you have no steamer
right and you're just going to use a PC
cleaner and a brush to scrub with a
towel to mop up then I would literally
give it a simple little spritz and
agitate
nothing us
in fact it's not wet by any means what's
a little moist but that's like the very
top layer so I'm not worried about
soaking into the cushion so it's a
little bit of improvement good again and
specs it's coming out better but there's
still a light little shadow to it so
just even a light little mess of it just
to get it activated again
Rea just a tad bit into the towel and
use your fingers to agitate and mop up
at the same time
the other side to mop up when I dry side
and there we go if you don't have a
steamer that's the same process you
would do again this was just one
isolated area if it is the entire seat
it will take quite a bit of time your
hand will get tired you will be out of
breath like I am right now
but you can get the results without a
steamer so again is it ideal no I mean
again I started I did dozens of cars
with most femur with no extractor with
this exact process across the entire car
and I to get the results I needed for
the customer get those stains out and
everything would be good so if you don't
have a steamer do this route so take a
bit more time but again you can still
get the results
but one thing you can do is either cover
it up with a towel
go cover up the attachment of a towel
and then go to Tallinn fit for you to do
this straight now the reason why you
want to use a towel is because you want
to minimize the amount of water that
goes into the cushion or you can just
use it straight on a low setting to not
be pushing out too much steam so if I
prefer to just do it straight with no
towel and just go search the agitation
and
it will introduce a bit more water into
the cushion but one thing you should
invest in which I myself haven't but I'm
going to ask you before getting is to
buy an air mover and the cool thing is
that what the towel it's kind of gets in
my way a little bit so it's kind of more
of a personal preference or everything
that's personal preference but if you
buy a mini air mover you'll be able to
run it like I just did the back seat so
I did the back seat they're actually
working with some peeps so I could have
an air mover running in the back to make
sure everything is right out so if I do
introduce more water than usual because
I'm not using a towel if I have an air
mover running in the back while I'm
working the rest of the car it'll be dry
a hundred percent by the time I'm
finished with this cushion weight was
busy so that's one thing to keep in mind
it's not listed there some like some
spots here and there that are just like
droplets of stains then what you can do
is you can put a different attachment
I'm doing it straight like this and just
shoot the shooter shooter straight into
the stain to break it apart so if you
see a little set on here you will shoot
you shoot straight but you would shoot
the string straight into the straight to
the stain to break it up mop it up and
once you go through the all the entire
stains then you can put your attention
back on put the towel on and go to town
so once you do that across the entire
seats that you'll be working on you can
wrap up the steamer with the towel be
careful you don't burn your hand put it
on the setting that you want I try to
keep it medium to high to make sure that
keeps traveling through if you have a
stronger steamer you may want it lower
personal preference figure that out as
you're working in and then you just work
across the seat
[Music]
and as it's nice and warm and seated yes
I'll so scrub with the ABC and brush
just won't take as long since the heater
since the CM takes most of it away I'll
give it a good mix and then start
scrubbing again
then we're going to mop it up
I'm going to put a bit of pressure to
get as much as of the semen okay now
that you put in there
and I can see very logic of the lighting
but there is a few strains here and
there nor like the other seeds there's a
few things here the lighting is very bad
but at least you can still see the
process that I do again there's several
ways to skin a cat this is my way there
doesn't work you can do so with a
steamer with an extractor with a brush
with no steamer there's various way so I
don't think this is the only way don't
think anyone is right or wrong it's
whatever way gives you the results
you're looking for use that way and then
keep on doing it until you find
something better or until you see that
it's not a good result so again most of
all ways to do the same function of
cleaning feet take my advice take
whatever people tell you watch there's
not a drill method go from there
okay and that's one of my methods on
cleaning cloth seats again if you don't
have a steamer if you don't have an
extractor if you don't have fancy tools
use a British in the towel yes it's
going to take longer you'll get more
tired results partly won't be as good
because you'll get fatigue on some
points and you listen up on some of the
areas of whatever you're cleaning but
again if you don't use a brush in the
end of a PC because at the end of it
what are the choices you have on the
steamer itself this one I'm having will
collect 1385 only 200 bucks to us but
again if you don't have the funds if
you're just starting off if you don't
know we're not sure if you guys want to
do this and I want to put that much
money then though then just use a brush
towel go at it but as you go as you get
more experience as you see other details
on YouTube or in person doing their
methods develop your own use some of
theirs again the variety of ways to go
about doing the same funk in a cleaning
seat or more carpet or leather or paint
and there's multiple ways to do
everything so hope you enjoy the video
check the description down below for
more information like this video and
I'll see you on the next one
you