okay I officially had the most
terrifying dream of my life last night
like terrifying an incredibly vivid so
basically I had a dream that I was going
to a sneaker convention the next day and
I wanted to take a whole bunch of shoes
and sell them so I filled up my entire
car with all my sneakers that I owned
the night before and just left it parked
in my parkade and then I went down there
the next morning and sure enough all
four windows had been smashed and all
the shoes like all $50,000 of sneakers
that I had in there were completely gone
and I was devastated and I was freaking
out and I was having a panic attack and
I was like oh my goodness what am I
gonna do and then I wake up and I'm
terrified I'm absolutely terrified I'm
not sure if this dream is real or not
and I woke up I'm like no no this dream
can't have been real that doesn't even
make any sense but I'm still sort of in
that half a sleep frame of mind and I'm
freaking out I'm like what if my shoes
are gone what if my car got broken into
at 4:54 in the morning I was so unsure
of if this dream was real or not that I
walked downstairs to my parkade in my
pajamas just to make sure my car wasn't
broken into I know it sounds
ridiculously stupid but it was one of
the most realistic dreams I've ever had
in my life thankfully my car is good and
we still got my sneakers
[Music]
all right how are you guys doing today I
hope you guys are doing great today is
an amazing morning I'm feeling very
happy because I am not selling just one
I am selling two pairs of sneakers which
is always awesome in my never-ending
quest to finally sell all the sneakers
in my collection that I don't want I'm
getting rid of these the Air Max zero
gold and I'm also getting rid of you
know this one's a little bit nicer and I
was sort of torn on whether or not I
wanted to sell these but I mean and I
did decide to also get rid of these the
Air Jordan 11 low cooled right now I've
never worn either of these pairs and
don't get me wrong they are very nice
pairs of sneakers but at the end of the
day I would much rather have the 300
dollars from selling these two pairs of
sneakers to go towards another sneaker
purchase or whatever the case may be in
fact actually selling these two pairs of
sneakers is gonna more than pay for the
pair of sneakers that I'm picking up
later today which is crazy I am I'm
getting one of the best deals on a pair
of shoes that ever got today it's so
weird
selling sneakers is like Christmas to me
I get really really excited every time I
go and sell a pair of sneakers there's
always some wise guy in the comments
section that's like Tom you're not even
a sneaker head anymore
if you were a sneaker head you wouldn't
sell your sneakers I think you can still
be a sneaker head with 60 pairs I don't
think you need 300 pairs I mean these
are really really really really nice but
I would much rather have the $300
[Music]
it's actually crazy how quick it is
getting dark in Winnipeg and I know I
mean this happens every single year but
every single year it just sucks and I
think the shortest day of the year is
still December 21st which means we still
have like three weeks to go until the
day's start getting longer I am NOT
looking forward to that but on the
bright side we got some really really
good news in the sneaker world yesterday
and that is that the new Yeezy 350 v2
static is reportedly going to be limited
to only 5,000 pairs which is absolutely
amazing if you ask me now you guys are
probably like Tom your heipiess you only
care because the shoes are limited wrong
I don't even like the EZ 350 v2 stat I'm
still gonna try and buy a pair to do a
review yes but do I need a pair in my
collection no I do not never jaywalk it
is very dangerous the reason I'm excited
is because this actually brings well
excitement back to the sneaker community
it's not a sure thing that they're gonna
get easy is on release day you're
actually gonna need to try and camp out
hit up a plug get a bot get lucky on a
website it makes it more fun to try and
get sneakers if every single week you
get 2 W then they don't really mean
anything I mean that's pretty much what
I expected to happen adidas is way too
smart of a brand to just let all the
hype die from their product but I wasn't
sure if it was gonna happen immediately
in 2019 if they're gonna release more
crappy GRS that no one wanted anyway I'm
actually really really excited
okay well I was gonna go to Friday
nights but they're not here
scratch that all right so let me take
you back around a year to when I got
these my first and still my only pair of
off-white sneakers that I own in my
collection the Air Jordan 1 Chicago is
now I have bought other pairs and I
reviewed other pairs for you guys but
I've never actually kept one in my
collection
besides these and this is a really
really awesome and special pair of
sneakers in my mind I love these things
and these will most likely unless some
unforeseen circumstances arise will ever
leave my collection these will be in my
collection for ever now these go for
around twenty five hundred dollars more
than ten times in fact almost fifteen
times
retail which is crazy which makes my
pickup today even crazier the fact that
I got this Bock white pair sneakers
brand-new never worn for twenty dollars
under retail quite debatably one of the
best sneaker pickups in terms of price
that I've ever had
twenty dollars under retail now bang
here is the box and this has to be one
of the coolest shoe boxes I've ever seen
in my life I don't think it's even
debatable it's as clean gray with this
awesome orange print and these big
orange freaking polka dots all over the
place I think this probably gives away
what it is for most of you guys that is
so cool the box I know it's a super
minor little thing and it probably
doesn't matter to 90% of you people but
I think that is awesome these are the
Nike Zoom fly mercurial line it off
whites so as I was saying I picked these
up for $20 under retail I was cruising
around on Kijiji which is essentially
the Canadian Craigslist and these popped
up and he was selling them for retail
and I messaged a guy that's like can you
do $20 under retail he's like yeah sure
why not it turned out he was a viewer of
the channel met up with them bought the
shoes no problems sneakers and stuff
receipt bag still in there and the shoes
right here these things are gorgeous oh
my goodness lots of people were saying
that the pink off-white zoom
the ones that I took a look at last week
we're the brightest off whites in
existence and I think that is still
probably true but these are a very very
close second like the orange on this is
so bright the amount of hot pink that
they have on the zoom fly is essentially
the amount of neon orange that they have
on the zoom fly mercurial right here I
think this is such an underrated sneaker
now this was one of the old G's off
white releases this is before we knew
they were gonna pump out a million pairs
of them correct me if I'm wrong except
this was the first release outside of
the original the 10 collection that was
available to the public like this came
out very early long in the off-white
lifespan with Nike and their
collaboration together so this should
have still been really hyped up in my
mind but not the case at all these do
not resell for that much now keep in
mind they still do go for around $75
over retail which makes the fact that I
got these for $20 under retail all the
more impressive I mean if these were a
pair of Yeezys that I got for $20 under
retail you know what I can understand
that Easy's are not really selling for
that much but these for $20 under retail
I was genuinely surprised to see that
price because I do really think that
these are worth a lot more and if I
wanted to flip these I could easily make
90 to $100 off of these pretty easily
which is awesome if you ask me
okay this shoe is pretty sick though so
I do want to take a closer look at it
with you guys the Flyknit all over this
shoe is awesome it's a very stretchy
elastic thin flying it it feels like a
sock if you've ever had a flying at 3.0
freerun it feels very similar it's gonna
hug your foot beautifully it's gonna
stretch with your foot very lightweight
very breathable nothing I would
recommend wearing outside in the winter
because you would freakin freeze your
feet off if you're a living where I am
on top of the planet you have these
crazy huge polka dots printed on and
sort of a plasticy sticker each feeling
material I don't think it's gonna fall
off but it's not like a fancy material
or anything you have a polka dot here
you have a polka dot here you have a
polka dot here and then of course you
have the swoosh printed on in the exact
same material with probably my favorite
part of the shoe outside of the crazy
orange the big foam on
the midsole right there I just think
that is so simple yet somehow so
creative on this pair of shoes of course
it does say shoelaces on the shoelaces
just like we are accustomed to and you
have your little off-white paragraph
telling you where was made when the shoe
is created and of course that it is in
collaboration with off-white another
really cool underrated touch that feel
completely makes the sneaker is the
gradient line that goes through the
middle of the midsole that goes from
green to blue to purple to red to pink
and just adding all those colors on that
very subtle indistinct line on the
middle of the midsole just completely
makes this shoe pop that much more if it
was just an orange shoe yeah it would be
cool it would be alright but I think
that's one of the reasons people are
feeling the pink Zoom flies is it's just
a pink shoe nothing's happening with it
there's nothing going on here even
though it's subtle your eye really gets
drawn to that line and I do think that
is a dope touch on this shoe that is
going to wrap up my thoughts on the nike
off-white zoom fly I do really like
these I think there's a great pair of
sneakers not as much love on this pair
of shoes as I think it deserves I'd
really look for people to start catching
on to these a bit more over the next few
months realizing hey what are we doing
sleeping on these even though it is an
older off-white release I wouldn't be
surprised if the price went up I also
wouldn't be surprised if the price just
stayed exactly the same as they have
been out for I think over a year by now
that being said I am happy with this
pick up thank you so much for watching
let me know what you think of them down
in the comment section below I'll be
back two more why do I always drop shoes
peace