hi cartez Ross with t-shirt riches.com
and today briefly I'm going to talk
about the different things that you can
do with a t-shirt heat press machine
there is so much money that you can make
using this machine we sold 10 and tens
and tens of thousands of t-shirts with
this machine and you know most people
just associate this with pressing
t-shirts there's a lot of other things
you can do once you get into the t-shirt
business need to start looking at some
of the other opportunities that are
available to you to um make money you
have a customer base that knows you like
you trust you and if you're looking to
create t-shirts in a special Niche this
machine will allow you to do that this
along with custom screen printed
transfers and just a moment give me just
a second here I'm going to show you some
things that you can do with this machine
um again plastic saw transfers t-shirts
you can do a whole bunch of stuff with
it um
briefly for example I ordered these
These are ladies underwear and I imagine
that I've seen some creative stuff on
the internet as it relates to
undergarments um people writing messages
on the back and guess what you can use
this machine the screen print onto the
back of this panty now I don't have
anything um
let me
see let me I'm I'm just put I don't know
I'm just going to try it this just the
number here uh let me read the
instructions on the application process
there's so much you can do so if you can
get
creative let's
see uh let me use another I got another
pair of panties here I thought I did but
there's so much you can do let's just do
that um 10 seconds it says I'm just
going to put this on here
you can make money we've printed on
everything
now hold on one second two
three now I'm just using this as an
example you can get more creative than
this I just this was spare the moment I
just wanted to show you that you really
can print on this garment Now red is
messing up
my uh monitor I don't know if it's clear
is it's trying to autofocus or not but
there's a lot of things you can do you
can get creative with this so you can
print on the underwear that's number one
number two let's see what else um they
have all types of shirts you know so
don't think just regular t-shirts
there's um I think they call these them
wife beaters this is I guess women use
these to run and jog in um you can print
on the that again different style of
shirts there's hundreds of styles of
t-shirts not just regular t-shirts but
you get you get my point here um um yeah
another style of shirt um you know so
you can print even now check this out
now these are
sweats now you can get these wholesale
um from the same place where you buy
these blank t-shirts at now the these
are wholesale uh sweats um you can print
on the leg you can print on the leg uh
going up and down you can print on side
of the leg you can print on back of the
leg you can print on the back of the
bottom let me see if I I don't want to M
this up trying to show you something but
I don't know but you get the idea
there's a lot of stuff you can print on
to get creative don't just think
t-shirts your your customers this is a
baby bib that goes around the neck and
you get this um so you can screen past
like a towel it looks like a towel
material and there's a lot of stuff you
can do with that you can print on the
aprons
um man I'm telling you there's a whole
lot of stuff you can do with this thing
the opp the opportunity is inless so you
can you can print on the aprons and
whatnot there's those other panties I
found um they got different colors
different sizes get creative have fun
this machine is not only for t-shirts
you can do a lot now these are uh
messenger bags I think they call them um
you you you open them up
uh and they have all these different
compartments on the
inside and uh you know again you can
print on the front of this flap and
again you can set you can sell you put
whatever brand you want whatever method
you want on these things print on the
front print on the on the back and let's
say for instance you don't want a screen
print onto it you can get into the
embroidering business you don't need to
go out there and buy high-end broading
equipment all these heads and whatnot
you don't to know the first thing about
embroidery there are local embroiderers
in your town that will wholesale will do
embroidery for you for wholesale you can
get embroidered uh designs or messages
or sayings or words on this thing for
less than $3 a piece I promise you that
you know um now you can't just go buy
one buy one but you know five quantities
of six 12 whatever you can build your
own line you can build your own brand
you can do anything you want with this
stuff um so remember you are in the
apparel printing business you are in the
garment printing business that means
printing that means uh um um
embroidering and if you need to use a
screen printer because you want to print
on to something else like some laundry
bags some other vinyl type Mater uh uh
uh material you can you don't have to
use screen printing remember this is
just an Avenue you want to make
additional money you want to make
additional profits you can print on the
hat now check this out now they have a
heat press they have a a cap press and
uh works pretty much the same um but you
can set the Hat down on the press and
then you can print on to it now guess
what now this is the Adidas brand bought
it wholesale you can get wholesale name
brand ball caps and you can print and
put whatever you want on to it you can
embroider that in fact this Adidas logo
has been embroidered and again I promise
you they didn't pay a lot of money to
get these embroidered you could do the
same thing with your ball cap you can
get them embroidered from a local
embroiderer in your town for for next to
nothing the cost are very reasonable we
had some stuff embroidered we had big
when we was doing golf shirts a pair of
shirts um here we go uh here a great
example this is a shirt from Penn State
um that been embroidered golf shirts you
can get these wholesale as well um we
did some for the University of Tennessee
a big bulk order now they found our
website on the web and we took the order
now now you can get into the same thing
so ball caps um I haven't done this on
the cap press uh so I don't know if you
can do this but these are little sun
visors but if not you definitely can get
them embroidered with a local embroidery
if you want to put a message on these as
well um same bag that we had uh but just
a different color uh I guess they call
them messenger bags again they have all
types of different bags these these
ain't the only bags they have a whole
bunch of them so you know there's a
whole lot of things you can do you the
name of the game is continuing to sell
to your existing customer base your
customers will buy from you over and
over and over again you don't have to
always go out there and find new
customers just continue to sell to the
existing customer base you have just let
them know that you have stuff for sale
um dark colored t-shirts again you can
print on to dark colored garments you
know that already with the heat press
machine and then this here is one of my
favorites now my wife is a photographer
also when we send orders out to our
customers we're always inserting stuff
in the package so that we can always
upsell our customers and um additional
products now this is a a uh a
photograph I don't know if you can see
that let me back up a little
bit this is a pH this was a
photograph and uh the company that we
deal with will take the photograph that
you send them you email the photograph
and they will scan they would digitally
they will scan the photograph into their
machine and then they will take their
machine it's almost like just think of
embroidery they will Stitch this thing
they will Stitch the photograph stitch
by stitch by Stitch through the machine
and this is what you get a real nice
soft blanket this is not transferred on
this is not screen printed on this is
actually all the different colors you
see are stitches this is some kind of I
don't know what kind of material you
think of a th throw blanket and uh that
and that's what this is you can sell
this to your customers
$199 all day and your cost wholesale is
pretty is significant now that's they
dog this is my brother's uh uh uh uh
wife and uh and and they dog shot they
at their house so I'm just saying saying
you can make money baby rompers I've
showed this a whole bunch of times
already you can buy these wholesale as
well I thought I had some I don't know
yeah yeah here we
go I thought I bought
some I picked these up from Hobby Lobby
because my son I made an earlier video
he couldn't wait um so we picked some of
these baby rompers up um at the store
now we screen printed one of these not
screen we transferred one of these
numbers on his this in another test
video but showing you this to show you
that you can get creative and do the
exact same thing that they've done for
the Atlanta Braves this was found in the
Target retail store you can do the same
thing um with your own designs you can
get a blue one just like this is blue
and make the same dog on thing now
that's it man I don't know what else to
say if if you're not excited yet I don't
know what I can say to get you excited
you know if you're looking to start and
build your own uh business make money
from home um perhaps you need extra
income to send your child off to college
or have extra money in the savings or
buy a house the t-shirt business the
Garment business the apparel business
will allow you to do that as you can see
with this machine you do not need a lot
of space you can do this on your kitchen
table when we first started in my one
bedroom apartment or two-bedroom
apartment we was it two bedrooms or was
the one in My two-bedroom apartment we
had this machine in our bedroom on the
nightstand now we didn't have a lot of
room and um you know but we use this in
the bedroom and then you know we
eventually moved it to the kitchen table
because we were getting a little too
busy we didn't have a lot of company
coming over so I didn't care how the
place looked and um in fact we didn't
have a bed me and my wife slept on the
floor and the kids had a bed and uh but
we slept on the floor I think we just
just one child at the time so many years
ago but they had a bed you know I in my
opinion I felt man bed wasn't going to
make us any dog on money so let's use
the money and reapply it back into the
business and that's what we did don't
regret it at all and uh you know but you
got to start somewhere start where
you're at you don't we sell these on our
website new um this is a older machine
um we use the newer ones at the office
and we have the you know if you want to
buy the new machines online on on our
website you can tshirtriches.com you
know but you can buy these used as well
from sites like
craigslist.com and
ebay.com and uh because again while I
like to make the money I want you to be
able to buy this thing within your
budget with where you're at right now
don't stress yourself out going into
debt putting it on your charge card or
not like anything like that just get
going make some money let the business
pay for it and when it's time to upgrade
to a higher quality machine then think
about me at that point buy from me um
you know but we have your best interest
at hand if you have any questions about
this process don't hesitate to email me
post your questions below the video um
at our website at www. tshirtriches.com
um if you are not a member of our
t-shirt riches uh membership I encourage
you to join lots of resources people are
building a successful business with the
resources and the tools and the training
and tutorials that we have on the inside
of that website so that's pretty much it
my name is cartez Ross visit us online
at www. tshirtriches.com and have a
wonderful and blessed day I hope I had
my microphone on I'm scared to
lookoo it was on getting nervous every
time I do that but anyhow have a fun
where my remote remote remote
remote
for