hi I'm Dan Reni with unknown media and
today I'm going to show you how to clean
a glossy photo print even though we are
seeing more and more digital photos a
lot of people still like to have their
photos printed out on photo paper the
oldfashioned way a problem that tends to
happen quite commonly is the photos end
up getting dirty from fingerprints if
people are cariously handling the photos
you're going to need to clean them so in
order to clean the photo what you're
going to want to do is start off with a
lint-free cloth lightly saturate a
corner of the cloth with a bit of
alcohol and begin wiping it in a
circular motion after that simply use
the dry part of the cloth to wipe the
photo down removing any dampness now you
should have a sparkly clean glossy photo
print I'm Dan Reni Take Your Best
[Music]
Shot