hi there so here you see a nice kitchen
sink this think is plastic kind of
plastic it's definitely a main sink in
the kitchen so some people must have put
something hot and greasy in here and
really rekted so my objective is to get
this stuff off the sink I have tried
this pad with Comet and that has not
been successful so now I'm taking more
drastic measures I have a brass brush
stainless steel scotch brite which I
watched somebody on YouTube use and
somebody said oven cleaner might get off
the grease so we're thinking drastic and
if that's not enough I have this really
really stiff wire brush I'm thinking
with oven cleaner this should come off
so let's commence and get busy and try
this out see how it goes put the phone
up here on a Ledge and now we can see
that that one spot so I think I'll try
the you Scott rates or stainless
steel
I actually picked up some other stuff
too so probably the most conservative
method would be to use this bar keeper's
friend and the steel wool so let's see
if that works it'll it I I doubt this is
gonna get it off as I've tried I've
tried to deal with this thing I've tried
everything
well not steal a little bit I've tried
I've tried to scotch-brite past and it
wasn't all that great so now I've never
used this barkeeper stuff it looks like
inside like a white polishing compound
this is probably not strong enough
in fact this thing is dry right now and
if I put this stuff onto it it won't
really bond with the oven cleaner so
what I'm gonna do is gonna use the
nuclear option and spray on some of this
stuff
Pynchon cool to get it off there we go
this is a nuclear option this is
supposedly a commercial oven cleaner I
hate the stuff
Wow
oh this is gonna kill me
open a window there here's the window
open
okay got the pad here here's the bad
part okay so some youtuber goes use oven
cleaner and this pad I saw this pad do
some pretty good cleaning on a plastic
sink
so I can feel there's some pretty big
scratches in here and that might have
worked a little bit to get some of the
grease off and this is pretty good it's
not it's bad but it's not the worst
stuff in the world all bad all right so
this pad stainless steel pad is not
having much of an effect now what if we
try the brass brush and see how that
works on this thing
might be working a little bit but I
don't really see me so I figured this
might not work out too well so what I'm
gonna do now I'm gonna spray on more
oven cleaner I'm gonna put on some of
this bar keeper's friend mix and match
right there we go and now I'm gonna use
the true nuclear option a super stiff
macho killer wire brush this oughta
scrape off everything in sight let's see
how it works
[Music]
I figured a wire brush he's not gonna
make this thinking worse than it is so
what I see is there's some black stuff
in the foam here which it's probably a
good sign
so maybe the oven cleaner and things
wore barkeeper friend here on to that
big mark do some more scrubbing just bad
stuff there's a small scratch small
problem right there too so I'm wondering
if we can get that one off let's try
some barkeep a strand on that one there
it is
try the small wire brush brass brush I
can actually put my finger on that
scratch and feel it's kind of deep it's
with a plastic got damage on the sink so
how are we doing there well look at that
so it's still damaged but maybe
maybe the color is white again so let's
see how we do this it's no rinse this
whole thing awesome I'm thinking that's
a lot better
it still has scratches where the pan or
pot in there burned into it but it looks
better when I scrubbed it with a wire
brush so thinking we're still gonna
scrub that a bit it's gonna try for this
area here too and if that works out
we'll try for this this dirty area here
which is on the camera yet so I'm coming
up on nine minutes I'm gonna stop this
video and make a second one okay so hang
on there