owning a meat grinder allows you to
prepare homemade sausage and other
ground Meats the only downsides to
owning a meat grinder is cleaning and
storing it if you do either one
improperly the grinder will Rust not to
mention the appliance will still be
greasy it is almost enough to make you
change your mind about grinding meat at
home thankfully the process is easier
than you might think these are the
things you will need to clean your meat
grinder properly Dy towel zip top bag
rice plastic storage container
step one run bread through the grinder
even if you use lean meat a grinder can
become Grazy simply washing with soap
and water usually is not enough to
remove all the grease a simple technique
that will help clean away the grease is
to run a few slices of bread through the
grinder the bread will help clean away
grease and any meat that may be left in
the grinder step two wash the pieces by
hand washing the pieces by hand not only
protects the blades but it also protects
the grinder
if you have a cast iron meat grinder the
dishwasher is definitely out of the
question even a plastic model can dry
and crack under such high heat washing
the pieces by hand will also help reduce
the chances of
rust step three dry it thoroughly it is
important to dry each piece of the meat
grinder by hand allowing the pieces to
air dry could cause them to become Rusty
after you clean all the pieces take a
dairy towel and dry each piece by hand
before you store it
step four place the accessories into a
zip top bag with a handful of rice the
blades and any other small accessories
can be stored in this zip top bag along
with the rice the rice will absorb any
moisture which will prevent the
accessories from
resting step five store your grinder in
a safe place the main unit of the meat
grinder will also need to be stored with
care the important thing is to store the
grinder in a dry area if you are worried
about moisture you can always store the
unit in a plastic storage container
surrounded by rice tips and
warnings never store a meat grinder in
an open area of the kitchen some cooking
techniques create moisture which could
cause the unit to rest avoid using
acidic cleaners and abrasive sponges
make sure to get inside the holes of the
blades when cleaning and
drying