you finished cooking and now you're
looking at the big mess that you have
costs on your glass stove but don't
worry even the bird messes can easily be
scrubbed off if you're new to fates
attic a welcome and subscribe to fates
attic to be updated on my newer cleaning
videos and now let's get cleaning step
number one is to make sure that your
glass stuff isn't on and it's not hot
this way you don't spray anything on the
stove that will actually ruin your glass
stove so make sure it's cool before you
wipe it down and the next step is to
make sure you wipe it after every time
you use your glass stove step number two
is to spray your glass tub with vinegar
and make sure to spray everywhere
especially with all those birds marks
and yes vinegar smell very good
I don't like the smell I actually
personally hate that smell but it's okay
you know why vinegar smell doesn't last
forever you can spray it down and give
it a couple minutes and it will just
evaporate the smell disappear in the
meantime sprinkle the cooktop with
baking soda making sure to cover all the
burnt marks and stains baking soda will
scrub away the stains and grease without
scratching the glass service now set
your timer for 15 to 20 minutes Wow that
solution actually does most of the work
I usually love cleaning my stove before
I do anything else in the kitchen I get
that ready and now I can actually unload
and load the dishwasher I can clean the
counters clean the chairs because I have
three little boys and they're always
sticky so I can do that while awake and
those 15 to 20 minutes will fly by and
by the time they're up I can actually
get the whole kitchen cleaned up so when
the bell rings I use a wet soft sponge
throughout this things away usually I
will rub the things in circular motion
and go back and forth for the stubborn
stains you can always add in fresh
baking soda to give you a little more
power to scrub away the extra tough
stains
the next step is probably the worst part
of this whole clean process and it's
actually like cleanup but all you have
to do is clean up the baking soda with a
soft sponge or a cloth you might need to
rinse the cloth and repeat the cleanup
process the only reason I don't like
about the step is because it might take
you longer than all the scrubbing
[Music]
the final step to get in your glass
cooktop clean is to polish it all you
have to do is spray your cooktop with
methods' all-purpose spray and wipe it
down clean was a glass microfiber cloth
this way you will prevent any scratches
on your glass cooktop
[Music]
those were the steps to get your glass
cooktop squeaky clean if you liked this
video make sure to give it a big thumbs
up and don't forget to subscribe to fix
Attic to see more in my videos thank you
so much for watching and have a good day
bye