this short video highlights the steps
required to make a Roman shade utilizing
a roller clutch system to see the full
tutorial video visit the sailrite
website there you can also order the
components the first step is measuring
your window then enter those
measurements into the sailrite fabric
calculator it provides all the needed
measurements for your particular Roman
shade step 2 cut the decorative fabric
to size step 3
create hems on the sides of the
decorative fabric step 4 so those hems
in place step 5 is cutting the lining
fabric to size using the measurements
from the sailrite fabric calculator step
6
hemming the sides of the lining fabric
or backing fabric here we're using
double-sided tape a little secret to
make hims go quickly sewing the hems in
place on the lining fabric is step 7 the
lining fabric will contain the ribs so
step 8 is measuring four ribbed pockets
using the calculations from the sailrite
fabric calculator step nine is making
pockets we fold on each one of those
measured locations press the fabric then
sew the pockets in place
step 10 insert ribs into each of the
pockets step 11 finish the top edge of
your Roman shade tacking the lining
fabric to the decorative fabric is step
12 securing rings ladder safety tape and
the lift lines is step 13 building the
headrail and roller clutch system step
14 and finally step 15 is installing the
Roman shade to select your Roman shade
roller clutch get the decorative in
lining fabric and to see the full
tutorial video visit the sailrite
website