[Music]
hey guys Welcome to our Greek goddess
costume so to start you're going to need
to take some fake flowers or fake leaves
we got these ones at Walmart for a
dollar so take your leaves off the stem
if they are already on a stem and remove
any extra plastic pieces that may have
come on the leavf
Le and if your leaves are attached you
can go ahead and separate
them next we laid the med on a piece of
paper uh it was a little windy so we
taped them down but that's optional and
just go ahead and spray paint them with
gold spray
paint
so next you're going to take some 16
gauge gold wire and measure it out
around your
[Music]
head and once you measure it out you're
going to cut off a little bit extra as
well and we're going to take some super
glue so be really careful and put some
on the end and just overlap the portions
of wire and hold them
together we used some pliers to do this
just so we didn't get our fingers stuck
stuck
together and then we took some thinner
gold wire and wrapped it over the
portion that we just glued couple times
so it looks like
this and then we just weaved it in and
out all around the
[Music]
headband we did this twice and then
measured around the headband to see how
much more it would take to wrap it
around a third time
[Music]
so next you're going to take your leaves
and we took a pin and just poked them in
a Hole by the bottom and kind of wiggled
it around to make a bigger
hole and then we use this to thread the
leaf onto the
wire so you're going to put it all the
way on and kind of figure out a placing
that looks good and then you're just
going to wrap the wire around a couple
times like you were doing before and
thread another leaf
on and repeat this until the entire
Crown is filled with leaves if the
leaves aren't staying flat you can
always go back to your superglue and
just add a little blob to make sure the
tops of the leaves are staying against
the
crown
now to make the dress uh you're going to
need to have some safety pins and a
large white sheet or piece of fabric
which you can get for very cheap at
Fabric Land ours was about 60 in x 60 in
but you can easily hold it up to you and
see what size would be best for you so
take the top and wrap it around you and
pin it tightly into place so it doesn't
slide
down and go ahead and grab the other
corner of your sheet or Fabric and
you're going to twist it inwards towards
you to create a
[Music]
strap twist all the way to the very end
and wrap it around your shoulder and
then you can help someone help you pin
it into place to the back of the
[Music]
dress
[Music]
to make the belt we took some gold
ribbon and took three strands and just
braided it to make a kind of gold rope
and then wrapped it around my body twice
and tied it into
place
[Music]
and it seems like all great goddesses
have an armb band so we took our 16
gauge wire and you can just wrap it
around your arm about three
[Music]
times then you're just going to fold
over the edges so that you don't hurt
yourself and then you can ask a friend
to help you wrap it around nicely and
space it out so it kind of starts Midway
through your arm wraps around once and
ends Midway through your arm
[Music]
all right and we hope you guys like this
greatek goddess costume and if you're a
little bit more of the evil side then
you can check out our Medusa
costume if neither of those are your cup
of tea then you can always check out our
Halloween playlist list from all the
Halloween costumes we've ever done which
is a lot happy Halloween guys