[Music]
hey guys it's Megan so in today's video
I'm going to be showing you guys how to
make this a DIY fitted spinner using
perler beads and this thing is so cool I
love it so much and I've never seen
anybody make a fidget spinner from
perler beads so hopefully this is a new
idea for you guys but before we get
started I just wanted to say that if you
guys aren't already and you'd like to be
make sure to subscribe for more videos
just like this one and also hit the bell
if you want to be notified each time I
upload a new video because I have a lot
of exciting projects coming up and you
definitely don't want to miss it and as
always you can follow me on Instagram
musically and Tumblr they're all weather
makes so without further adieu let's
just get into the video so the first
thing you'll want to do is make a mold
and I'm using this amazing mold putty
and I got this at Michaels and it's
pretty cheap with a 40% off coupon and
so I just made the a mold of this clay
fidgets spinner that I made in my last
DIY fidgets spinner video which I will
link down below but you could also use a
real fidget spinner to make a motive and
once you have your mold it's time to add
your perler beads and it would be much
easier if you had the mini perler beads
because you wouldn't have to cut them in
half but I just ended up cutting all my
perler beads into a couple pieces
between four and six pieces and this
does take a little while but it's
definitely worth it in the end and
you'll just want to keep cutting up the
perma beads and adding them in until you
fill up the whole entire mold and
definitely put in extra than you think
that you'll need just because these do
melt down like kind of smaller than when
you put them in if that makes sense so
definitely just put in a ton of them and
once I filled up the whole mold with
perler beads I went ahead and I put it
in the oven at 280 degrees and you're
going to want to keep it in there for
about 10 to 15 minutes and then check on
it to make sure that the beads haven't
melted down too much and if they have
you can just take it out and add more
beads and if you've noticed that you
didn't add enough perler beads you can
just go back and I would suggest pushing
down the melted beads with something
like a pencil and making sure that
they're all pushed down in there and
then adding some more perla beads on top
of that before putting it in the oven
for another 45 minutes and so this is
what it should look like when you're
done and I think if this looks so cool
but as you can see I kind of burnt the
back so you know don't do that but
otherwise I think that it looks so cool
and so then I made the weights that go
into each of the three outer circles and
you could just use bearings for this and
I did that in my last video but I found
that that was kind of a waste of
bearings because they don't really do
anything so instead I decided to make
some out of polymer clay so I just took
some clay and I flattened it into a
circle and then I pressed it into one of
the circles that are on the outside and
then I just attached two pennies on top
of the clay and I attached them using
some TLS and you don't have to do this
if you don't have TLS it really doesn't
make that much of a difference but then
I just took that out of the fidgets
spinner and I took some more purple clay
and I just flattened that on top of the
little penny thing that I just made and
then I used the fidgets spinner as kind
of like a cookie cutter almost just to
make sure that the shape was right and I
cut off any excess with an exacto knife
and smooth out the edges and
then I just took that and I put it back
into the fidgets spinner one more time
just to make sure that there wasn't any
excess clay sticking out of the back and
if there was I just cut it off with an
exacto knife and
then you'll want to remove the clay
weights from the fidgets spinner and
bake them according to your package
directions and once they're finished you
can just pop those back into the fidgets
spinner and attach them with some
superglue and in case you guys were
wondering yes the pennies are safe to
bake in the oven a conventional oven
will not reach a temperature high enough
to melt pennies so they won't melt
though just kind of like keep their
shape and make your fitted spinner
really awesome and when I was attaching
the weights with the superglue I made
the mistake of trying to wipe off any
excess superglue which made it look like
this but as you can see the one that
looks nice was the one that I didn't try
to wipe off the superglue so to cover
that up I just went ahead and I used
some sparkly purple paint and I just
painted over each of the purple circles
and once that dries are basically done
and if you want you can cover it with a
layer of glaze but I decided not to do
that just for the sake of time but I'll
probably end up doing it after I'm done
uploading this video so thank you guys
so so much for watching and if you're
not already and you'd like to be make
sure to subscribe for more videos just
like this one and as always if you liked
this video make sure to give it a thumbs
up and make sure to follow me on
instagram musically and Tumblr they're
all weather Meg's and yeah I love you
guys so so much and I'll see you guys
tomorrow bye