[Music]
welcome to the dustless laughing news
brief this week I followed one of our
local business owners to a job to see
the ductless blaster in action hi I'm
Scott with Gulf Coast us was blossom
here in Missouri City doing a calcium
removal on a pool Scott is using his BB
500 mobile which he just picked up a
couple of months ago since the pool is
far away from the street Scott removes
the blast hot from the trailer and we
live into the backyard you can see that
these pool tiles are covered in six
calcium deposits even though the calcium
is rock-hard Scott and his son Austin
had removed about half of it by the time
I arrived with our new ultra silent
compressor the peace of this lovely
neighborhood remains intact
our system is dustless so you can use it
in a neighborhood as you can see we're
in the neighborhood now it's fairly
quiet no dust plume is safe to work
right next to another house instead of
using crushed glass abrasive scott has
opted for glass beads these glass beads
it's non-toxic doesn't hurt the pH in
the water doesn't hurt any plant life
although glass beads are more expensive
than crushed glass Scott has found a
clever way to reclaim about 90% of the
media making it very economical we
reclaim that using a battery-powered
vacuum pump vacuum up in a bag and we
just put it back in a bucket you can
completely reuse it after only a couple
of hours Scot and Austin were able to
make these pool tiles look like a new
increasing the aesthetics and value of
this home we blasted 185 feet and
about two and a half hours big thanks to
Scott for letting me tag along and if
you need surface preparation of any kind
in the Houston area be sure to give gulf
coast dustless lasting a call that's it
for this week thanks so much for
watching and if you're interested in
starting a business or improving a
business with dustless lasting check out
our website or give us a call have a
great week and please like and share
this video if you enjoyed it
[Music]