this is Mindy Macos shutter and I'm
going to show you how to grow white and
pink Gerber Daisies now regardless of
the bloom color Gerber daisies are grown
exactly the same you will need to place
them on a sunny window sill if you don't
have that find a location that is partly
Shady but never put them in a completely
Shady location also make sure that you
have enough air space around your Gerber
Daisies now Golden Rule to follow if
your Gerber is in a 4in pot you need 4
in of space all the way around for good
air circulation and that will help
reduce the chances of developing any
type of fungus problems also you will
need to water from the bottom up never
from the top down and that is another
move that you can use to prevent any
type of fungal problems and how do you
water from the bottom up there are two
techniques that you can use one
technique is by simply poking a hoe in
the bottom in the decorative foil sleeve
that your Gerber daisies in you can then
place your Gerber Daisy in a bowl with
some water if you don't want to poke
hose in your decorative sleeve you can
simply remove the plant from the sleeve
and place it in the boil of water but
make sure to take out your Gerber Daisy
and allow it to drain completely in
Another Empty Bowl before petting it
back in the sleeve if you use the sleeve
method with the holes poked in the
bottom make sure that you put your
Gerber Daisy in a saucer after you have
watered it and that way you will protect
your window sill Andor your
furniture