what's up guys Ronnie here from Primal
gour if you've never had crispy eggs
before you got to try it if you don't
like eggs you got to move on to another
video cuz this one's not for you but if
you do love eggs this is probably going
to be one of your new go-to recipes
super quick uh it's super delicious and
it's really really dead simple easy all
you need for this really are some eggs
cooking fat of choice I like it with
ghee and a cast iron skillet okay
something that's going to be able to go
up to a really high heat without burning
the pan uh it's important that you have
a really well seasoned cast iron skillet
too because it's going to prevent the
egg from sticking to the pan P your cast
iron skillet and crank it up to high
heat we want to crack two or three eggs
depending on personal preference and how
hungry you are I'm going to make it with
two eggs
today and as always you want to crack
the egg on a flat
surface to avid avoid breaking the yolk
and also to avoid having some of the
pieces of shell breaking into the eggs
we're going to
add about a teaspoon of ghee to the
skillet and then we're just going to add
the eggs right in
gently so that we don't break the
yolk and now it's going to take about 30
seconds on high heat and we're not going
to touch it just going to leave it like
this until the edges around the pan
start to get a little bit
Brown once the edges get nice and brown
I'm going to turn the heat off and I'm
going to leave it on the hot stove it's
going to continue to cook in the pan
because of the residual heat there so
it's nice and cooked the whites are
beautifully hard but the yolks are still
nice and running we're going to take a
fish spatula and just slide it
underneath to ease it away from the pan
this is where the well seasoned cast
iron comes into play if it's really well
seasoned the eggs will just slide right
off
perfect take a little bit of that
beautiful coarse sea salt nice pinch of
chili flakes cuz I like it spicy and
then you can use some
scallion which is what I like with eggs
all right now the Moment of Truth we got
to see if the yolks are running if the
whites are cooked and if the underside
is crispy just listen to
that
so beautifully crispy
ready oh
yeah beautiful runny yolks I got to try
[Music]
this what's not to love perfectly cooked
crispy egg make this once you'll
continue to make it for the rest of your
life I have give this recipe a thumbs up
if you liked it hit the Subscribe button
I'll see you guys next time peace
[Music]
you want a cast iron skillet preferably
one that is small this is I think an 8
in one this is 8 in right this is a 6 in
one no it's 8 in one I think it's six in