hello Chef lender here and today we're
going to teach you the technique of
brazing or called braer in France today
we're going to braid some incredible
short ribs we have here some nice
boneless short ribs look at that
marbleization of the meat ready to be
braid some great flavor and here's how
we're going to do this first thing is
we're going to do just a little bit of
oil about maybe um tablespoon of nice
oil you want to do that into a hot pan
we'll just swirl that around a bit and
then we're going to take our short ribs
you hear that beautiful Sizzle that's a
great sound that means your pan is ready
that means the fat is ready so
everything's hot and ready to go and
we're going to Brown those on each side
about probably 2 to three
[Music]
minutes and while he's brazing we're
going to add just a little bit of
butter again just to help that
caramelization of the meat really get
that font going CU what really helps
make the sauce when you do the brazing
process is really what they call the
font that's the Brown caramelization
left on the pan what's happening now is
the meat is Browning all the sugars are
coming out the proteins are starting to
congel and you get left with some
beautiful flavors that when we deglaze
and make the sauce really come true so
we're going to do a little
basting so we have the meat look at the
beautiful golden brown on this side and
again we're just going to base a little
more with the
fat and our short ribs are almost ready
there that we're going to put them in
the oven but first thing we have to do
we're going to take them and put them in
a plate and just reserve
them and then we're going to do the mara
maripa basically is French for flavoring
base in this case we have some nice
onion we're going to put the onion in
here and we have some nice
carrots the usual R ratio for
traditional maraqua is 50% onions 25% uh
carrot 25% celery now you notice we do
have celery here for the mara but we're
not going to add the celery to almost
the end and the reason is cuz as you see
here with the carrots and onions we have
some incredible caramelization going the
sugars from the onion are coming out
we're sweating them the sugars from
those carrots all those great flavors
are starting to develop celery is really
composed mostly of water so if we add
the celery on the early stages of
cooking the mara the water will start to
seep out and our whole caramelization
process really is rued so why are
cooking we're going to add just a little
bit of tomato paste the Tomato product
does a couple of things it adds some
acid um to the the brazing process to
the short ribs it also develops nice
flavor and then it also gives the
brazing sauce a little consistency while
it's cooking so we add that tomato paste
and we cook about another minute or two
and really incorporate that get it
cooking and look at those beautiful if
you can see there on the pan those
little brown spots there that's the fun
that's all the flavor that's the flavor
from the meat flavor from the vegetables
everything's just really starting to
come together and we're going to take
just a little red
wine and this is called Del glazing the
pan so the technique part of a technique
for a braze is Del glazing the pan so
what happens is when that wine hits the
pan as we're cooking everything all that
font starting to come up so all the
particles from the meat all that
beautiful caramelization now has
released itself from the pan going into
the vegetables into the sauce and that's
where you really get these great flavors
we're now going to add our
celery and again does you don't
caramelize the celery so you add that
right at the very
end and what we're going to do is put
our short
ribs right on top of that Mara now a key
to brazing is the process is a moist
heat process but you don't want to cover
the short ribs with your stock so we got
some nice stock here a little bit of ve
and beef stock what you want to do is
fill the Pan about 1/3 with your stock
stock what happens is if you fill the
pan and cover the meat or submerge the
meat with and it starts to boil you'll
end up boiling your meat it won't be a
traditional brace brace is really the
process that breaks down the muscles of
a tougher piece of meat it's going to
make it very tender but while this is
cooking the flavors develop the sauce
starts to come together the vegetables
flavor the sauce and that's what really
makes bra special so you end up with a
beautiful tender piece of meat you end
up with a lot of great flavors going on
now one way you can do the braids is
keep it on on top of the stove and cover
it but one way we're going to do is
we're actually going to put it in the
oven by putting it in the oven it
remains at a consistent temperature
never comes to a boil so you put this in
about a 325 we're going to braze it nice
and slow then halfway to the brazing
process you take the lid off and then
that sauce will start to develop start
to reduce and you end up with an
incredible
product okay so let's go check on our
short
ribs so we have a nice oven here it's
been consistent Heat really brazing the
short ribs we took the cover off about
the halfway point and let it reduce a
little and just put the cover back on
for the finish and if you look here look
at those short ribs really rich color
and look at that sauce it's developed
it's got great flavor um every once in a
while while it's in the oven what you
want to do is baste them you want to
take that nice liquid and just baste it
over the short ribs but what you end up
now is a beautiful tender short rib
that's very flavorful Rich um just
incredible and in fact this dish is even
far from complete so what you need to do
is watch our other technique video on
how to make a brazing sauce and that
will really show you how to finish these
off but again pot roast short ribs any
muscle meat that has a little toughness
to it brisk it brazing is an incredible
process builds incredible flavor and
it's a melt iny mouth
experience
okay so today we're going to make a
beautiful gravy for our short ribs and
the technique really is to take the
brazing sauce and make that into a
beautiful gravy that's going to go over
the meat possibly your spettel your
mashed potatoes whatever starch you may
serve and people love gravy it really
sauce is really the compliment to a dish
a good sauce really can flavor can
really make it mouthwatering so and
there's all types of sauces some people
like sauces clean so perhaps you would
take this Brazen liquid strain it
thicken the sauce a little and just pour
it over I like to have sauces that have
a little texture to them and a little
vegetable so what I'm going to do is
show you the technique of making a sauce
with what I call a finish in marpa so
for my finish in Mara we're going to do
a couple of things we're going to put a
little bit of butter into the pan
here and then we're going to put just a
little bit of touch of oil and that's
just going to help prevent the butter
from not smoking remember butter has a
very low smoking point whole butter so
you can either use clarified butter or
whole butter with just a little bit of
oil so I have some beautiful little
onions here that I've cut and quartered
we have some nice carrots that have been
been clean peeled and and cut in a a
nice Rondo cut and what this does is
this is going to flavor our sauce but
it's also going to be the vegetables to
the uh bra Dish as well and one of the
things nice about using a finishing Mara
is you know you have the the good
flavors of it it's attractive it makes
the sauce a little bit special and I
like to do something a little bit
special versus just strain it and have
this real smooth gravy cuz I think it
can really make the dish stand on its
own um Simplicity and a little bit of
Elegance so we want to do is get those
vegetables caramelizing a little we just
want to soften up the onions get the
carrots to soften up a
bit and while we're letting that happen
now again we're going to add a little
bit of celery but remember celery again
very water soluable has a lot of water
so if I put it in too early that water
is going to leak out to the vegetables
and it won't help the caramelization or
the Browning process so here we have the
beautiful liquid that was from the
brazing you see here the onions have all
melted the carrots are soft so all that
came together and what you have is this
beautiful Rich stock so you started with
a beef and ve stock that had some pretty
good flavor but by the reduction in that
oven cooking with the short rib meat all
the flavor from that short rib came in
all the font from the pan from searing
of the meat and the vegetables went into
this sauce so this is something um
incredibly special it's just going to be
rich in
flavor and has a very good Dev to it
it's got a very meaty flavor it's got a
little slight vegetable flavor from the
Maroa but it's just got some great
things going on and becomes a great
foundation for making your finished
sauce so you see here we have our
vegetables roasting we're going to throw
that celery in there and then we're
going to take our liquid and we're going
to strain it right into the
sauce now you may be asking yourself why
don't we use the vegetables from the
brazing liquid to begin with well the
reason why we don't want to do that is
cuz they've been sitting in the meat and
brazing for a long time and they really
have gotten a little too soft um their
main property was to help season the
stock to to help with the braids so we
wouldn't want to use those vegetables
another way you can do it is during the
brazing process you can put the meat in
the pan with it stock put it in the oven
to start brazing and then you can take
your finishing Mara and actually put it
in halfway through the process or 3/4
through and you look here this is a
natural reduction you see this sauce
it's simmering it's bubbling it's it's
really starting to come together and
this is the tech technique of making a
sauce is the evaporation it's called a
reduction so what happens is as this
sauce is simmering it starts reducing it
starts to evaporate it gets concentrated
and you got to be a little careful
because what what happens when this
process starts is the concentration of
the flavors really come together so if
you reduce too much you can end up with
an overp powerful sauce maybe a sauce
that starts to get real um salty and
that's why using a stock that has a good
balance it's not maybe overly strong um
is is a good thing so you see here nice
simmering we got the beautiful carrots
we got these onions that are just
cooking in there and now we're going to
season a little I'm going to add just a
little bit of um Sage here just a little
bit and when you add your herbs you
always want to add the herbs right at
the end because if you add the herbs too
early um for example if I did this in
the beginning as they're simmering what
happens is the herbs can become very
overcooked very bitter and we're going
to take this sauce and we're going to
finish it with just a little bit of
butter so the cold butter basically is
going to act as a um it msif the sauce
gives it a nice finish a nice little
Sheen really enriches it gives it that
great flavor and you just let that start
to
simmer and we're going to take our
beautiful short ribs that we cooked I
mean look at those just incredible very
tender uh very melts in your mouth nice
caramelization nice color and that shows
the braze went properly because people
think that when you braze or do
something you just leave in the oven
forget about it that's not the case you
can over brace meat it can become still
very chewy and almost a boil consistency
and you don't want that you want that
beautiful color you want the meat to
have some firmness but yet very gentle
and and very soft and here we have that
beautiful sauce you see here it's
reduced um a couple of other things you
can do you can add a slurry a a little
cornstarch a little wine or a little
stock to help thicken the sauce if you
need to you can use a rue which is flour
and butter that's cooked or you can just
do it natural if you really did the
braid properly and reduce the sauce then
you end up and here we're going to pour
this right over I mean look at all the
flavors here this this to me in itself
is a dish so I've used a finished Mara a
little H creative license here but it
really makes a dish special you can
serve any starch on the side your potato
puree you can serve spatel but man it
doesn't get better than this beautiful
brace short ribs Mira gravy just
delicious incredible and something that
will please everybody