[Music]
hey guys Dave here we had a request for
some red velvet pancakes with cream
cheese drizzle it's not really
Valentine's Day but everyday could be
Valentine's Day so let's dive into the
[Music]
recipe let's start by making the pancake
batter so what you'll need for this is
200 g of allpurpose
flour and I'm going to combine this with
two tablespoons of sugar 1/4 teaspoon of
salt 2 tbsp of cocoa and a teaspoon of
baking
powder so we'll just go ahead and whisk
this all up just until it's well
[Music]
combined so for the wet ingredients
we're going to crack an egg into 8 oz or
1 cup of
milk followed by a tablespoon of red
food coloring depending on how red you
want it give it a little mix until the
mixture becomes nice and cheery and you
can add more food coloring depending on
how red you want
it little Dave what on Earth are you
doing down
[Music]
there all right what we're going to do
now is combine the wet mixture with the
dry
mixture whisk it one again until you get
a nice smooth batter and you know a few
lumps really don't
matter all right we're going to add some
oil to a griddle and you can use a
frying pan too if you want and what I
usually do is take a paper towel and
just kind of spread it
around Ladle some pancake batter on and
I find about a/4 of a cup makes the
perfect size
[Music]
pancake
[Music]
so what you want to do is let these cook
just until they begin to dry out a
little bit and begin to
Bubble now you can see it's beginning to
Bubble so we're just going to go ahead
and give these a flip and let it cook
until they Brown
nicely I should mention too that this
recipe is going to give you about four
mediumsized
pancakes you could eat these up now with
some maple syrup but we're going to go
ahead and make up a yummy cream cheese
drizzle to do this you want to combine
two oz or 60 G of cream
cheese with 2 tbspoon of softened
unsalted butter 3/4 of a cup or 100 G of
confectioner
sugar and about half a teaspoon of
vanilla extract grab up your whisk and
give it a mix until you get a nice
smooth creamy mixture
now I don't think this is quite drizzly
enough so I'm going to go ahead and add
in a tablespoon of milk now you can add
a little more depending on the texture
you
[Music]
like I ended up adding in 2 tablespoons
which is just about perfect for
me okay we're going to drizzle this
delicious goodness over top of our red
velvet
pancakes and there you have have a guys
our simply Divine red velvet pancakes
with cream cheese
drizzle life doesn't get much
[Music]
better
M these are so good guys they're moist
fluffy Airy and the glaze is just beyond
words and the great thing is they could
be a breakfast or they can be a dessert
it's entirely your choice but they're
good believe me so a big thanks to
everybody for your requests and if you
want us to cook something else certainly
drop us a line in the comment section
and we'll try our best to make it and
don't forget to subscribe and like and
for more recipes head on over to cooking
share.com you're to find a ton of them
over there so thanks for watching and
catch you next
[Music]
time