[Music]
hey everyone for today's video I'm going
to show you how to create turkey
cupcakes for
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Thanksgiving the first thing you'll want
to do is preheat your oven to 350 and
then start mixing together all of your
ingredients that'll be your cake batter
eggs water and vegetable
oil next you're going to mix all this
together with a hand mixer a whisk or
even a
[Music]
fork now grab your baking cups and
insert them into all the little holes on
your cupcake
tray now add the cupcake batter to the
baking cups and you're ready to put them
in the
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
oven jum
[Applause]
[Music]
grab your mega stuffed Oreo and insert
the candy corn into the icing making a
semicircle
now that that's done put some icing on
the top of ai's peanut butter cup and
firmly press it on to the Oreo until
it's
secure pick out some broken candy corn
from the bag and cut out small strips of
fruit rollup this together with the
icing will be used to decorate the
turkey's
[Music]
face now use your white icing to make
eyes you can use your fingers to make
them or attach tips to your icing tube
for a more polished
look dab on some black gel icing for the
pupils as well as below them to secure
your waddle and
[Music]
Beak carefully attach a strip of fruit
rollup and the broken candy corn be sure
to add black gel as needed to secure
them into
[Music]
place ice your cupcake with your desired
flavor this will help to hold the Oreo
in place Oro jungle
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
next pierce your oreo with a toothpick
and attach the turkey to the top of the
[Music]
cupcake repeat the process and you'll
end up with 12 adorable and tasty treats
to share with your family this
Thanksgiving
oh