what's up fam it's your boy ra casual
from the casual. and welcome to a very
special edition of the Showcase this is
the Bape legit check guide part two it's
the new definitive guy it's better it's
quicker and has more stuff going on
we're going to take a look at a shark
hoodie of course today we're going to do
a little bit of guiding we're going to
show you how to do all that a fit test
and we're going to try out a few looks
you can pull off with it so without
further Ado let's go ahead and begin all
right so for the purpose of this guide
we got the color camo shark hoodie in
red and this is a Bonafide piece
straight from the store in huku Japan so
we will only be referencing this piece
but it should provide a useful guide
should you want to become a legit
checking machine so let's go ahead and
take a closer look at this guy first
things first always look at the quality
of the entire piece hanging threads
frayed edges and misprints are tail tail
signs that the article isn't genuine
even if the Garment is secondhand Bape
apparel does hold up to wear and tear
over time a good practice is to ask for
close-ups of the inside stitching
close-ups of the zipper and of course
the tags which will cover right now now
many a BAP head will tell you that the
tags are the key and they would not be
wrong in that assumption each tag tells
the whole story of a genuine article for
babe and for cut and so items we have
the logo and size tag of the inner
collar and the brand tag on the sleeve
and then we have the care tags layered
on the inner left followed by the golden
Bape tag now keep in mind these golden
tags these golden Bap tags were added
after 2008 or some or something like
that and I would go into more detail on
each year but honestly you shouldn't
even deal with old Bape at this point it
always re-releases just know that the
golden guy needs to be here so here's a
little bit of tech details on each tag
and what they should look like there's
the sleeve H tag and it should be the
Bape head logo with the r on the right
side of the logo now make sure that that
logo is ingrained in your brain because
replica makers tend to get it wrong now
if the sleeve doesn't look like this
then it's fake it's inauthentic the back
side always features the back of the
apad as well as far as the sizing tag is
concerned make sure that it is
accurately stitched on top of the
Garment now as far as the logo and the
name of the Bape make sure that the
correct King between the letters is
present and the sizing tag has the size
on the front side and the Vape head logo
on the reverse note that if you see that
this is all stitched or a black bar is
on the inside of the size label it is
inauthentic Vape no longer uses a sewing
process on the sizing tag and instead
Ops for print so watch for that now
finally the care labels you should check
the spacing and spelling of all of the
English words on the care labels
sometimes the replica makers get it
wrong so this is the best way to make
sure that your item is authentic be sure
to check the king the space between the
letters this is often hard to replicate
now the one key is the 100% the 100%
marker is usually the dead giveaway in
most cases genuine Bape has more of an
oval look to its percent sign where
replicas tend to go more of a circular
shape or so I've been told it's hard to
notice at first but it's usually there
somebody usually gets something wrong
finally check the golden Bap head make
sure that it's all sparkly and looking
good and you should be good to go so
that's it for this guy but here are a
couple of pro tips to help yourself from
getting finesse few little extra tidbits
number one always buy from trusted
sellers make sure that it's either the
retail spot itself or maybe somebody who
has a list of references and a long
track record number two always buy
within the launch window that's from the
day that the launch happens of any
release to about a week after this
prevents a flood of replicas hitting the
market number three know your releases
follow Bape on Instagram both Bap Japan
and Bape shabuya maybe huku shabuya
tends to have its own updates and
frequently shows different items that
will be available on launch day number
four never pay over 500 for General
release shark hoodies they re-release
all the time and instead opt for
Japanese resellers as they generally
don't deal in fakes and have better
price points altogether you might need a
proxy for that number five if it looks
too good to be true it probably is Bap
standard sharks release in Japan for
about $320 give or take after tax and
since Bape Japan has the lowest retail
price if any site is trying to sell you
new Bape hoodies for under that price
it's Dead on Arrival not even a plug
will sell it to you for less than 320 if
they do sell it for you 320 they ain't
making no money they're just giving it
to you basically so those are pretty
standard tips so those are some pretty
easy things to follow but we got to try
this guy on we're going to take it
outside we're going to do a size check
and then we're going to see what styles
we can do with it so let's go ahead and
do that now this particular shark is an
XL and since I'm a bit on the shorter
side around 173 CM or around 5'8 for
zans we're going oversiz as this is a
bit big for my frame now I've been told
that the best way to wear a BAP hoodie
is to zip it all the way up to the top
to the neckline so to appease the Bap
heads I'm doing just that because we got
the red camo jumping off here I've
decided to go with a typical block of
black in the pants but we added some
texture by making the jeans Patchwork
and not simply just distressed one thing
about Bape sharks that makes them great
is that they work well with any type of
hat so we've added my black La hat to
The Ensemble because of course I love la
L and that's where I'm from and we
covered it with the hood because if you
have a shark you got to show it off
right now if you want to coordinate this
right you could get some Jordan breads
of any number to finish the black and
red Ensemble or you could pop it off a
little bit more like I'm doing here with
some Jordan Retro 4s now Ultra boost and
other low top sneakers can also work
well here but my favorite thing to do is
pop a fit like this out I'm switching to
the air max90s Wheats to contrast
against the red giving them more of a
urban NYC Vibe as these particular
sneakers resemble a boot without the
annoyance of a boot it really punches
out the outfit and makes people notice
the Ensemble as a bit more unique and
thought out of course this isn't the
only way you can wear the shark hoodie
you can always open the whole thing up
add a shirt on the inside and
accessorize to add more depth leather
necklaces and bracelets can do very well
for a more male Centric look I tend to
wear these kind of accessories to punch
out my outfits more you may have noticed
uh in my videos now remember everything
has to be deliberate and about you so
this is kind of my style and you can do
your style as you please don't do the
same style as everybody else find new
ways to rock items that are common in
different ways now let's talk sizing
keep in mind a few things before we head
out this is an Excel so it's well suited
for anyone with a skinny to medium build
build up to 190 cm tall or about 63 now
if you have broader shoulders a larger
Bust or midsection you may need to size
up it's not always necessary remember
the biggest jump is from L to XL in Bape
so keep in mind that you're getting a
drastic change in sizing once you hit XL
if you're my size or a few centimeters
shorter or taller a large will almost
certainly suffice you'll still get the
oversized look without all the loosin
unless you're actually going for that
look so that's it if you have anything
to add or mention about legit checking
or sizing or anything mention it in the
comments below turn your thoughts into
action and oh yeah if you're watching
this video close to the date that this
is published this hoodie is available on
the casual. until it's gone until it's
just forever lost all right so yeah
follow up on Twitter and Instagram for
more updates on Japanese Street fashion
and culture and guides and stuff and if
you haven't already
push that red button and keep it casual
it's your boy yimas and I'm out woo I'm
done at least I didn't do that Hong Kong
thing again cuz a lot of people got
pissed at me about the Hong Kong thing
Hong Kong and China are the same
country but they operate
differently but Japan is a different
country than China how about that
what