hi this is Jim Murray from Valley
nursery and today we're planting some
beets and some carrots from seed in a
little raised planter box that we've
created here in our raised bed we've
taken the soil that's in the bed and
mixed it with some black horse compost
and some bark across and then filled up
our box so does the soil in box is the
same as what is sitting on so all our
drainage is even which is very important
so we're going to do some carrots
today this box here I platon it out make
a couple little furrows so I can see
where my seeds are going that we're
doing to for carrots and then to for
beets
I've mixed the seed with some sand so
that the distribution of the seed won't
be quite so close
hopefully it'll disperse them a little
bit hopefully a little less thinning so
let's see how it goes sprinkle them in
okay so these only need a core group and
extra cover so we're just going to
lightly go over them just a little bit
just enough to cover them up Pat it down
just a tad so we nobody floats out
so there we go
package here and now onto the beach
again we have mixed the seed with some
sand to disperse them a little better
mix it up
all right and then these take a quarter
of an inch I mean a half an inch so
we're going to go ahead and cover them
up a little bit more soil seeds up beets
are just a little bit bigger anyway I
gotta go good to see you all watch
so we'll Pat it down secure them well
mark over our seeds are now we're going
to water them in and let's watch them
grow hi this is just an update if you're
following us you saw the B planets and
beets and carrots in our box last week
so what I'm doing is that I put a little
spare piece of rimae over it just to
make sure that I keep the birds and
animals out of it until they start to
germinate and then we'll take it off all
right thanks have a good day