we're going to start repairing these
holes now we're going to mix the 100%
solid epoxy we're going to add color
cords to it to make it into a peanut
butter type mix and we're going to fill
all the Deep cracks and all the spalling
marks the little dishes these real
shallow areas we're going to do
afterwards and we're going to do that
just with liquid we're not going to put
any color quarts and we're going to pull
a a serated squeegee over the top that
will pull it in and let it flow down to
the
bottom uh this is a 3:1 mix so I'm going
to mix up about a pink right now so I'm
going to fill it to the uh the second
line with the
Catalyst and then I'm going to fill it
up to the one two three lines up to the
top here the a boxy
[Music]
I'm being careful not to spill these on
the floor I don't want to have the
non-catalyzed product for now I'm going
to start counting so now what I'm doing
is I'm just putting it in the
cracks I can just force it
in this way or sometimes I just take it
with my hand a gloved hand and I'll push
it back and forth now this product is
going to set up in 15 to 20 minutes in
the paale so I got to keep moving once I
get it on the floor the cement cools it
so it's going to take a lot
longer
so
now I could use a putty knife on this I
find that sometimes the stick is just as
easy I'm trying to get the excess off
the floor because anything I leave
behind will glue itself on and I'll have
to remove that tomorrow when we do the
second
coat out here in the sunshine where it's
got heat on it it's going to set up even
faster so I want to move it pretty fast
and get it into the
hole now I also don't have to worry
about being perfect because anything
that doesn't turn out the way I like it
today I'll just catch
tomorrow so the main thing is I want to
be flat and I want to try to get up some
of this debris now these little crumbs
we're going to take our broom in a few
minutes and sweep those up most of those
will come out and here's a little hole I
just pull it over
that over
here nice thing about it is it's long
enough where you can use it like a sweey
and you can pull a nice White Spot over
it sometimes I'll put little bits where
I'm going to use it if I'm worried about
it heating up too fast and these little
pieces will keep cool cuz they're out of
the
pil now come back and I'll brush those
in when I get a
chance
okay also we're going to be filling this
whole edge here this is quite a bit of
material but I'll just demo here until
we mix some more how we're going to fix
this Ed we're just going to pull it all
the way in
here now because it's epoxy it's going
to catch it's kind to harden re and glue
itself in nice and tight but we might
get a hairline craft here someday and
I'm going to try to keep we're not going
to to be painting out here apparently so
I'm going to try to keep it as much
inside as I can without staining
there and again tomorrow when we do this
we have a little uneven spot we'll just
take the grinder we'll knock it
off you see there's a a Mark here looks
like chain Mark or something from
something that scraped it I can fill it
with the color quarts or I could try to
get it with with my liquid but the
liquid sometimes leaves a little surface
tension Edge so I'm going to try to get
it with the the filler instead and then
I'm pretty sure it's going to stay
flat remember I'm not worrying about all
these crumbs I'll going to Sweet those
up in a minute so I'll use as much as I
can but the crumbs aren't going to be a
problem for me these little hairline
cracks I'm just going to rub in with my
hand cuz they're just too to
find now as we go
along we're going to keep track of this
when this starts to kick over it'll
start getting hot and we'll feel the
edge of the pil will start getting hot
when that happens I'm going to go to
that big crack and just dump it in there
cuz I don't want to have any here if it
gets hot and hardens on me while I'm
working with it I can have a big lump
and then I'd have to grind that
off one of the nice things is we used to
try to fill all these with just liquid
and the problem is sometimes the liquid
would flow through the out the bottom
sometimes the liquid would have a
surface tension and leave a little bumpy
Edge little like a drop of water or
honey on it but when we use the TR mix
there's no surface tension and it won't
blow throughout the bottom and
originally thought it took too much time
but as you can see Steve and I are going
to have this all done in about 10 to 15
minutes we'll have all these cracks done
we are moving a little fast but we don't
want to set up on us but I only mixed
half a batch and we'll mix more if we
need
to now as you notice I'm not trying to
get these little shallow spots this
grains are too big and it would just be
a mess for myself so I'm going to use
Liquid on that on the next next try here
and where the cracks are little I'm just
grabbing it with my hand and pushing it
into
them and then we'll use the room to S
off the
excess
well this is what happens when the apoc
sets you don't use it quick
enough so now the problem is if you had
that on your floor and it starts kicking
over it'll Harden in that way and then
you'd have to chip it off or grind it
off again so yeah there no yeah so it's
once it starts getting hot you have to
through
it now that'll get to about 180 190Â° it
won't set anything on fire but it's
still pretty
[Music]
hot