[Music]
what is going on guys and welcome to a
very special video where I'm doing my
very first ever let's make something
with kmac video and this is going to be
one of my [ __ ] favorite things ever I
know I say that in every video but who
doesn't want to be SL who didn't want to
be slimed when they were a kid watching
slime time live or going to Universal
Studios and seeing all the kids get
doused and green ooze and slime they
playing the games it was absolutely a
dream of mine to go and get slimed on
television unfortunately that never
happened but we're going to make it
happen today so these are the things
that you guys will need to make your own
slime at home now there are a few
different variations of the formula out
there depending on what you read on the
internet but this is I found to be the
easiest one it's pretty cheap it's
pretty easy and it's pretty close to
what it looks like on the actual show so
what you're going to is going to need is
instant pudding this cost about 65 cents
at any kind of local box Big Box store
Walmart High ve whatever you have um
this is just plain old applesauce cost
about $150 and this is just green food
coloring and what you're going to do is
um actually I'm going cut this video up
so you'll see the next step in just a
second okay so the first thing you want
to do is you want to make up your
instant pudding let it set for about 5
10 minutes in the fridge it should come
out with a big nice bowl of
actually tasty vanilla pudding all right
so we're going to take a little bit of
this we're going to put it into our
other Bowl which we have sitting here we
going to get those small batch and see
how it comes out first I'm going to
scoop some of this in there just enough
to where I think we'll make enough for a
nice sliming then we're going to take
our applesauce and mix it in with it so
crack the applesauce open and just give
it a nice healthy dose of app sauce
there's not really any science to this
and once you got that you get this
disgusting looking mixture of grossness
and that's when the Slime happens you
get your green food dye and you got to I
feel like you get to use a good amount
amount of this to get it all the way the
color you want it so just kind of do
that and then give it a good mix with a
fork a whisk whatever you have near and
see what you come up with and you can
add or you can add water to this you can
make your own consistency you can make
it whatever consistency you would like
but as you can see this is almost the
perfect color and the perfect
consistency I mean the color is a little
bit darker than it would be on the show
as you guys can see here but that could
be fixed you could you could do that
with less coloring you add water to get
it down to exactly the kind of color you
want but this is what you end up with if
you guys can see that and look at how
slimy that is that is like the perfect
slime and it's real simple if you guys
wanted to do this to uh slime one of
your buddies or put it in a water
balloon that's what I'm going to do I'm
put it in a water balloon to throw to
people and slime time live will be
coming back but the I'm sure what you
guys are all asking yourselves out there
is how does slime taste and uh well I
don't know we'll give it a
go
oh that's interesting
um it doesn't taste bad just tastes I
don't know if I'd ever put vanilla
pudding with applesauce it's not really
something go come come across my mind
but so as you can see it is officially
slime time live and I'm going to be
making a big batch of this and then
hopefully at the end of this video if we
get our cameraman involved you guys can
see me get slimed as well also some
things I read online you guys can try to
add to this to make it more uh
consistent with the actual one you can
try adding in some oatmeal or some cream
of wheat I heard something about a baby
shampoo maybe giving it a little bit
more uh texture you guys can try that as
well I'll leave links to more of the
I'll actually leave a link to um the
actual site that I got this came out
pretty good and pretty pretty quick and
easy as well um as you guys can see it's
a little bit too dark but we're I'm
going to add some water to it and when I
put into the full batch here it should
come out a more consistent color um
which is closer to that but hopefully uh
it'll come out you guys will see that in
just a second as I cut to me getting
slimed go all right guys so I've showed
you guys how to make the Slime now we're
going to test the Slime hit me Slime
[Music]
Guy
oh God it's
every it's my childhood dream
come all right thank you guys so much
for watching this video I really do
appreciate it if you guys can hit that
like button for me getting slimed here
in slow motion like I said really
appreciate a like and if you guys are
new around here you guys can feel free
to subscribe to my channel for all the
feels of the '90s cartoons along with
today's modern cartoons and cartoon
theories and kinds of fun stuff so I
hope you guys stick around remember
that's always came back time somewhere I
will see you guys in the next video
Until Then peace out
[Music]
guys