today we're going to talk about summer
dry rubs how to start with a base it'll
last you throughout the summer and then
three ethnic blends off of the base
we'll do an Asian and Indian in a
Mediterranean rug today we will begin
with our base rub this rub should get
you throughout the summer if stored
properly in a cool dark place the total
recipe will create about five cups of
dry rub five cups of dry rub will be
enough for 80 portions or forty pounds
of meat because of the size of the
recipes and the quantity that we're
talking about here this is for
illustrative purposes only for a recipe
we'll begin with 2 cups of kosher salt I
prefer to use kosher salt because it is
clean easy to measure for the shirt
component I use 2 types I use a ground
white granulated sugar and they use
Demerara sugar one cup of the white 1/2
cup of the Demerara raw sugar I'm
getting flavor out of that those
molasses components and notes 1/2 cup
black peppercorns freshly ground
I prefer Indian black peppercorns
Tellicherry this is extra bulbs from
pennsie spices your pepper should never
be used ground notice that this is
extremely black and not gray three
tablespoons of ground garlic three
tablespoons of Coleman's mustard a good
neutral mustard not too much heat we
want to watch the heat across all of our
spice rubs as we're pairing with wine
four tablespoons of dried onion again
this is from Penn zis I dehydrate my own
but 10 zis is a great this has great
onion flavor there are some poor
examples but if you go with Penn zis you
can't go wrong if for your dry rub
you're using whole spices which I
recommend then simply add them all
together in a spice grinder and then mix
in a nonreactive Bowl if beginning with
ground spices simply place them in the
nonreactive bowl and use a whisk or your
fingers and can blend them together so
this is the pre-made base rub I
recommend using mason jar they're easily
reusable they seal tightly with a rubber
gasket store in a cool dark place and
this will keep for two
months now we will begin with our base
and we will make an Asian rub
so these are Asian ingredients we have 1
tablespoon of fermented black bean 1
tablespoon of tangerine peel 1
tablespoon of Chinese five-spice powder
1/2 a tablespoon of Sichuan peppercorns
1/2 tablespoon of ground ginger or
galangal if available and to each of
chili peak in the Chinese black beans
they're fermented they're available in
most most ethnic groceries I finally
chopped them this is a one ingredient
they can't go in your spice grinder this
is going to add boom ami that soy sauce
that six tastes within a dry ingredient
this is the closest I've come to it
the dried tangerine peel is very
classical in Chinese and Southeast Asian
cooking the Chinese five-spice powder
also contains the garlic the Szechuan
peppers some liquorice and they're
actually probably eight or nine spices
in Chinese five-spice powder the
Szechuan is actually not a peppercorn
but is a berry and there's nothing quite
like it it has a numbing agent and it's
very denta file2 Chinese food food the
long-ago will have a piney resinous
taste which is Southeast Asian or this
is Chinese dried ginger and then chili
pecan is also used in Latin cooking but
is used in Chinese cooking as well most
of these items may be found in ground
form at an Asian market with the
exception of the fermented black bean
which mate must be chopped by hand if
you're in a pinch I would simply reckon
I would recommend substituting four
tablespoons of the Chinese five-spice to
our base plan I prefer this rub with
pork a rib dry rub
finishing with a wet mop and it's
excellent with duck which is also a game
pairing which is fabulous with a
Cabernet Sauvignon so now that our black
beans have been cut by hand all of the
ingredients can be added to the spice
grinder at once and then ground to a
fine powder once the spice has been
ground blended with our 1 and 1/4 cup of
bass then it can be stored just as we
did our base I would however if you were
if at all possible allow the flavors to
blend
meld in the base itself for 48 hours
before using for the first time the next
planned I'll show you is our
Mediterranean blend and to our one and a
quarter cup base we will add one
tablespoon of oregano 1/2 a tablespoon
of marjoram 1/2 tablespoon of cumin 1/2
tablespoon of sumac berry 1/2 tablespoon
of dried lemon peel 1/2 tablespoon of
Aleppo pepper and 1 tablespoon of smoked
Spanish paprika so when designing these
ethnic blends it's a rather broad
mingling of all the different cultures
we have Turkish oregano we have marjoram
from Greece
I have sumac berry again from Turkey the
sumac allows us to incorporate a
brightness and a red berry flavor into
into the rub without the addition of
acids which would compete with the
Chardonnay or Cabernet whole cumin if
available toast and then ground the
turkish Aleppo pepper is a sweet roasted
pepper it imparts very very little heat
and the smoked Spanish paprika comes
from the Basque region these are smoked
over open fires and there's nothing else
like it I really think that captures the
Mediterranean and makes it distinctive
rub but the procedure for finishing our
blend is the same as the Asian all of
these ingredients which I which equal
approximately 4 tablespoons are added to
our one and a quarter cups of base blend
so now for our final rub we will do our
Indian rub
so to our base we will add three
teaspoons of cumin I recommend using
whole cumin toasting 2 teaspoons of
coriander whole coriander again a very
fleeting with essential oils toast it
right in advance 2 teaspoons of fennel
pollen we get that great anise flavor
works well with a Cabernet 2 teaspoons
of turmeric a substitute for saffron
that's gonna bring us our bright color
in a very distinctive unique flavor 2
teaspoons of ground ginger these are the
cardamom pods this is readily available
on most baking sections ground but if
you can't find the pods again toast and
grind and if you don't have the time or
cannot locate any of these whole
ingredients I recommend and this is from
Penn zis as well this is their Maharaja
curry paste it is very mild in heat but
it is the best peppers the best saffron
from Kashmir available this is an
excellent substitute an all-around curry
powder to pair with wine I recommend
when pairing with wine to use a mild
curry where this is very low in heat and
heat will bring out the alcohol in a
wine so it doesn't pair well so this
would be considered a medium to sweet
crepe so once you have this in your cut
board it's easy to grab whatever
proteins available whatever your
whatever some other things all over the
potluck put your own spin on it and then
either grill it slow cook it use
whatever cooking preparation you're
using that day but you're one step ahead
and you're customizing that meal
you