hi everyone welcome back so today I'm
going to show you guys how you can
remove blackheads at home very
effectively using only an egg so if
you're interested keep on watching for
this mask you're going to need an egg
and some tissues and you're only going
to be needing the egg white so just
separate the yolk from the egg next I'm
just giving a slight whisk to the egg
because I want it to be a little bit
froy and that means it's more easier to
apply onto your skin next I'm starting
with a clean fresh face and here I'm
just taking a hot washcloth and placing
that over my pore areas because I really
want the heat to open up my pores
because that ways the mask will sink in
deeper within the pores and remove all
the gumk from there so yeah just place
it for about a minute or
so then I'm dipping my old foundation
brush in the egg white and just brushing
that all over the areas where I tend to
get blackheads normally so I'm doing
that on my nose and on the sides of my
nose then I'm taking a single ply tissue
paper and then just tearing them apart
in a few random pieces like so and you
just have to place that on top of the
egg and the moisture will just hold onto
the tissue
paper then I'm going to add one more
layer of the egg and another layer of
the
tissue finally I'm just going to top
coat with another layer of eggs and you
should be good to go so I'm also doing
the same thing on my forehead because I
tend to get some white or black heads on
my forehead as well so yeah I'm just
doing the same thing so once you're done
your mask should look something like
that and now you're going to sit and
wait for it to dry completely till you
cannot feel the moisture anymore and
once it's dry just go ahead and peel it
off like any other peel off face mask
first of all I like to loosen up the
edges a bit like this and then just just
pull it off and wow this mask turns
really hard you guys it was quite
painful removing it from my
nose and I tried my best to show you
guys but it was just so difficult to uh
get my blackheads to show up on camera
but if you can see those tiny little
things poking out of the tissue paper
yes those are my black and white heads I
can literally see them like with my
naked eyes but I just can't get it to
show up on camera so my skin is feeling
super super clean but at the same time
it's feeling quite dry so I'm going to
go ahead and chose all those open pores
by using my rose water as a toner and
then I'm going to go ahead and
moisturize my face and that's about it
so yeah I hope you enjoyed this simple
DIY blackhead removing mask if you did
don't forget to like this video And
subscribe to my channel for more DIYs
like this I will see you all in my next
one
[Music]
bye