hi it's risky again with another video I
just wanted to show you a small tip that
I've seen online and I'm sure would be
helpful for others um as you see this is
a Shabbos outfit and it's pretty
expensive and a little paint got onto it
so I'm going to try this I've tried it
on carpet and I'm going to try it on the
outfit basically you need just alcohol
see I have I happen to have the
isopropyl which is actually the
synthetic ones and just for your
information for those of you who keep
kosher isopropyl is special paid
oxidants is synthetic the other alcohol
is the one that is actually Summits they
just need a side tip to see them so what
I'm going to do is right now I'm going
to pour some of this alcohol onto the
outfit and then I'm just going to
scratch it off with my hand and there
you go it's slowly coming off you have
to keep scratching it off but we're good
I'm saying it's gone more or less than
to keep scratching it but that's the tip
for today that basically if you get
paint on your outfit obvious you have to
test it but if you have paint on your
outfit and you just take a little
rubbing alcohol and then you're good
thanks for watching goodbye