there are many reasons why you would
want to encourage good bugs into your
garden and what better way than building
a bug hotels bug hotels are a great way
to find out who else lives in your
garden and to understand more about our
ecosystem we can provide a home for
native bees lace wings mountains and we
want to encourage these insects because
they do the work of pollinating our
plant
so we get fruit and the good bugs take
care of the bad bugs so how do you go
about creating your own bug hotel at
home here we've got a wooden frame I've
got some harvested flower heads from
this season's garlic paper bark any tree
branch and pruning good old bamboos
hydrangea flowers and stems come in
cardboard and a few other things that
you might have lying around the yard
start with the biggest elements of your
hotel like these tree branches drill
holes into one end of the wood varying
in size from 2 to 12 mils to accommodate
a range of different types of native
feed so now that we've drilled our holes
I'm going to wrap these trunks in paper
box so paper bark make a great nesting
place for things like leaf springs and
also bark mantas we want a tight fit in
here to secure everything's going falls
out
I'm also going to add some corrugated
cardboard it makes a great nesting spot
for small insects as they nest in the
perforation it makes a great filler and
who doesn't have plenty of cardboard
lying around up to the Christmas season
and now we're going to cut bamboo cut
just below a node we're just going to
fill the bottom of this nest hotels
different height and different
dimensions so now we've used the bamboo
the corrugated cardboard the bank their
stems and paper bark we're going to fill
up the gaps and make extra nesting
spaces for our visitors to the air B&B
using our garlic stems and also our
total bark and hydrangeas
there you go
there's our new five-star air B&B
ideally located on a North facing wall
and under cover don't forget to check it
out on even the hottest days it's going
to create a real buzz in your garden for
more information check out the website