[Music]
good morning everybody its Gina and I'm
outside in my I'm actually working on my
little Japanese corner and I happened to
find a container of these mother-in-law
tongue leaves that I had tucked in some
water like several months ago and I mean
several months we had hurricane
Irma back in October and these were
already in water
and I completely forgot about them and
just left them there and this is what
happens when you take some mother-in-law
tongues leave the proton that piece was
I'm hoping you can hear me because like
I said I'm outside and neighbors are
working on their yard so you can
probably hear lawn mowers going but here
is one leaf or two leaves that I put
into water and this one
so has some new stuff coming out but all
of the babies have broken off and I'm
going to show you those in a second
here's one this one has a new one that's
coming out but I want to show you this
length of these leaves again I tucked
away in water now here are the babies
that I broke off these all were attached
to these to leave long inside to show
you and they all have their own roof
so what I'm going to do is plant them in
their own container today but let me
show you another container where have
some more leave
and these have been in water the same
length of time and I haven't separated
separated these ones as yet but I'm
going to show you what happens when you
take mother-in-law tongue sleeves and
leave them in in water for an extended
period of time and I'm talking about
month alright so this one here is the
original leaf that I tucked in here one
of the original leaves let me show you
what's attached
and I'm seeing this for the first time
as well
let's see what we have here
now like I said this is the original
leaf that I'm holding on here and this
is what's growing on it can you guys see
that let me pull this one out
this is one of the leaves actually the
one that I was pointing to that is the
original leaf and here is a new growth
coming out from the bottom so that is
such an easy plant to propagate some
people call it snake plants some people
call it mother-in-law's tongue but it is
such make go ahead and put this to the
side so you can so you can see and I'm
going to go ahead and pull out the
others and now here is another this is
another original leaf that I tucked in
and take a look at what is growing at
the bottom of that let me use my gloves
to lift that off
actually that is not the original leaf
what I showed you the original leaf back
here there are actually three pieces it
looks like let me just put this on the
ground
[Music]
Wow take a look at this guy's these
three pieces back here these three
pieces worse the small club that I put
in one two three and then these here are
all of the new growth
they just go ahead and move Wow
just move that out of the way take a
look at that all of that new growth
that's what happens when you forget a
mother-in-law's tongue or sniff at least
in water for months look at all of that
new growth
[Music]
move by the way
Wow check that out so there are so a few
more pieces in here
[Music]
here is there's another one now this one
hasn't been in there yes actually this
is been in there the same amount of time
I thought this was a new piece but let
me set that down and there is the
original leaf right there and then this
is all of the new bro well I just I
can't get over this one that is that's a
lot all right one more piece left
let me grab that this is the original
leaf back here
and
oh wow
and I'm kind of shaking because I'm
trying to do this with the camera with
one hand and show you these with the
other but wow that is the new glue all
of that and we just put that to the side
and then there's another one
take a look at that if you have a snake
plant
our mother lost tongue whatever did you
call it
this is the easiest way to propagate
just take one of the lead stick it into
some water actually if you take the leaf
and you cut it into sections and stick
it into water you get the same same
result and I'm going to do that in
another video and show you but by far
this has been let me show you everything
that I got from those that looks like
what five leaves what I'm going to do is
go ahead and just plant these into their
own separate containers because they
spread so easily you zoom out so you can
see
but this one I think Wow that's been
that's amazing
[Music]
you
[Music]