hey guys it's Bart Simpson from God
deals.net and uh the previous video we
showed you how to apply a diecut decal
to your windshield and now we're going
to show you how to remove that same
diecut decal from your windshield now
this could get a little bit uh let's say
sticky uh no pun intended but this decal
if it's been baked on in the sun it's
going to be exponentially harder to
remove than say this one that we applied
maybe 10 minutes ago but there's a
couple different uh tactics and one is
again using a Rapid Tax Solution uh this
is actually called rapid remover uh so
you soak the decal in this and then
apply it with a razor blade uh the other
options you can try to to remove it with
just a razor blade um and then I'm sure
at your local hardware store you can
find some kind of Gooby gone adhesive
remover that would also probably work
so to start what we're going to do is
we're going to soak this decal in uh
this rapid
remover going to give it just a second
to soak in and then uh we're going to
take our our razor blade and basically
you want to start at one point and get
one point up and then peel back with the
fingers uh until you get that piece off
and so this could be a little bit of a
timec consuming process um but when
you're ready to remove it those are the
those are the steps that you're going to
need to take so that's it for uh
removing a die cut decal from the back
of uh your window or wherever you might
have it applied if you still have
questions feel free to reach out to one
of us at God deals.net we'd be happy to
help and uh stay tuned for more tricks
and tips from us at God
deals.net