what's going on everybody the germ here
with the wonderful beautiful gorgeous
Jenna we're here at Six Flags New
England in Massachusetts very exciting
day today well kind of we got some plans
years ago I used to be a season pass
holder to Six Flags and today once again
we are season pass holders so I kept
getting these emails being a previous
pass holder that said I were having a
flash sale it's like something like $56
something like that for a season class
now it's the end of the season being
that it's the end of September ok
however includes all the rest of 2018
and 2019 as well for 60 bucks
we got 2019 and 19 season passes as well
as free parking at any Six Flags Park
now the cool thing is for us word a two
and a half hours away from three six
flag courts one is this one right here
at Six Flags New England now there's two
other six black parks we can visit there
only two and a half hours away from our
home as well that's Six Flags Great
Escape and also Six Flags Great
Adventure which is like their biggest
park I can't wait to go that one yeah
that's a good deal
[Applause]
so I'm not sure how clearly guys can
find it's a 70% hurry
cell ends today so this this banner was
made just for today yeah I'm sure you
guys should get a season pass for this
place because it is awesome and that is
a really good deal look it'll still be
good pretty holiday in the park they
never used to do it holiday in the park
you want to go that I don't care about
holiday in the park so want to
compromise and I'm able to vote okay so
we got our season passes a lot different
than it used to be last time I had one
let up in four or five years ago and
they used to take your picture and the
picture review right on there they don't
gonna take your picture anymore kind of
strange I don't know how they know it's
you use in your past but I guess we're
good
yes all guys I know this is weird but we
literally just walk in the park and we
are now leaving
we got those season passes and we're
good and we're gonna come back another
time because we have bigger things
claims today so we're going to something
else you guys will see it video but I
expect to see some six flag videos in
the future we're gonna be going to Six
Flags Great Adventure Six Flags New
England which we are here today and the
Great Escape
and now overseas and pestles we get free
free parking free holidays in the park
we got a fright fest coming up it's
gonna be cool so thanks for watching the
German guys thanks for hanging out with
us look forward to seeing you guys
comment in the next videos Thanks