sup guys quick trick for you guys having
trouble with the power with no motors on
your cars they're rolling up slow or
you're sticking you can try using a
silicon spray and spray in the tracks
and you want to make sure it's the
silicon because that doesn't wash off
and it's safe for plastics and rubbers
you don't want to use any oil based
product that can damage your rubber or
plastic alright so have a look here's
the windows before
and now we're going to use some silicone
spray you want to spray the window
channels
go look at the windows after spring
I'll run her up and down a few times
seem to be slightly better so as you can
see it rolls up about a second faster
and it rolls down about a second faster
and that is on our test car was a 2009
Nissan Murano which is well maintained
it's got clean windows and its operating
normal so if you're doing this on a car
that's older or has more wear and tear
on it maybe the seals aren't working as
well the tracks a little worn or it's
dirty or etc eight and you use a spray
you might notice a a bigger improvement
but one second improvement rolling up
and down is not bad on a on a window
that's perfectly operational so if you
find this video helpful give it a thumbs
up thanks for watching