I wanted to share with you guys the
chore chart that I made for my toddler
he'll be four in August so it's time for
him to start taking some Independence
and doing some things on his own so I
went into word and just created this
little chart just by using the tables in
word and clip art and printed this out
on regular piece of paper I got a cookie
sheet from the dollar store taped the
piece of paper onto the cookie
sheet then my intent was I printed out
some little
Spider-Man circles CU he's really into
Spider-Man and I got some magnetic
strips it's just little strips of
magnets and I was going to print this
out on card stock and put the magnet on
the back but when we were at Walmart he
found these Spider-Man stickers that he
liked better so we're doing that instead
all I did was take the card stock and
cut it into little
squares and then I took my magnetic
strip and cut it into little tiny
pieces and
then I just have been taking these
stickers
it it it and
and putting them on the little card
stock and then with because it's got a
magnet on it it just sticks to the
cookie sheet so those are all my little
markers and each day as he goes through
his
activities if he's finished eating
breakfast he can put Spider-man on done
after he has brushed his teeth he can
put Spider-man on done if he's finished
brushing his hair
he can put Spider-man on done and he has
the words and the picture for
reinforcement and he can just
move the little pieces as he wants
because they're
magnets if this works then I'll do this
again and laminate it all but for right
now it's just on Plain paper just to
give it a
try all in all this cost maybe three or4
do to make the cookie sheet was a dollar
this was about a dollar and this was
about a dollar and then you add in the
random paper and ink and was pretty easy
so here you go enjoy