[Music]
hi my name's lesie rker and I'm the
cleaning Coach you can see more tips
like the one we're going to show you
today at Green cleaning coach.com we're
going to clean the inside of a waffle
iron but what we found is a lot of times
you'll get some real sticky sugar inside
of the waffle iron and it's very easy to
clean all it takes is very hot water
even if the Sugar's caramelized if you
put hot water on it and leave it sit it
will just dissolve it into just water
and sugar so what we're going to do is
we're going to take a rag and I'm going
to put it under the water until it's
really
hot and this is a microfiber cloth which
I find Works a little better than a
regular cloth and we're going to stick
that cloth right on top of the waffle
iron so where you've got little pockets
of caramelized sugar we're going to just
sit it on there and just leave it sit
you can even close the waffle iron and
let it sit inside there for a few
minutes
then you can pick it
up try wiping it off if you find that
the caramelized sugar is still not
coming off just do it again and again
hot hot water is the real key to this
the microfiber will help pick it off of
there and leave it nice and clean as
well so it's a simple way to get rid of
the sugar you might have a buildup on
your waffle iron and that'll help you
get it so that's it's nice and clean if
you have a Teflon coated or a stick
proof waffle iron don't use anything
that will scratch it just use the cloth
so that's our tip today on how to clean
a waffle iron my name's Leslie rker the
cleaning Coach happy cleaning
[Music]