[Music]
[Music]
first you will need peanut butter I
showed you how to DIY this in my dog
cupcake video I'll post that link for
you in the description box just make
sure it has peanuts as its only
ingredient I'm using half a cup of
coconut flour I had left over as a
byproduct to my mango popsicles video if
you're using store-bought flakes look
for something natur and unsweetened add
in 1/4 cup of peanut butter and mix to
bind add in 1 to 2 tpoon of unrefined
coconut oil if you need it but since I'm
using homemade peanut butter and it's
fairly hot and humid where I live I
didn't need any you can find all of my
recipes to print or save on the squishy
monster.com lastly you just need to roll
your truffles into bite-sized pieces you
can roll this in more unsweetened
coconut if you'd like this is such a
great way to incorporate pure pure
beneficial coconut into your dog's diet
as well as hiding medication that they
wouldn't otherwise be happy to take I
was also able to reduce waste by reusing
my coconut for us we've been using this
fala to reward good behavior I hope you
guys enjoyed my video recipe and if you
did I would love a thumbs up and if you
aren't already please subscribe so you
don't miss out on any future episodes I
want to thank you guys for spending a
portion of your day with me I always do
appreciate it and I hope you guys have a
a great rest of your day and I'll see
you in my next
video