everyone loves the classic look of crown
molding it makes any room look rich and
classy
you see crown molding and some of the
most beautiful homes all around the
world wouldn't it be great to have crown
molding to enhance your home you could
hire a professional craftsmen and spend
thousands to get that classy look you
want for your home or you could attempt
to install it yourself but you've got to
buy the wood and get it home measure the
wall try to cut those difficult angles
nail up those awkward boards hide the
nail holes wood putty and caught the
seams then Prime and paint it it can
take forever
who's got the time who's got the tools
who's got the patience
why can't beautiful crown molding be
easy and affordable well now it is with
the revolutionary easy crown molding the
hottest new home decorating product
available today with the patented easy
crown molding in under an hour
you can make an ordinary room and
extraordinary room go from plain to
dramatic you can transform a drab
lifeless room into the cozy elegant
space you've always wanted and at a
fraction of the cost of old fashioned
crown molding watch this it doesn't
matter where in your house apartment or
condo transforming any room is as easy
and fast as peeling the backing from the
special tree empty place the piece and
push each 54 and a quarter inch hard
shell piece comes with a precision
engineered miter cut you'll never need a
saw again or struggle making those
impossible angled cuts look at that
perfect scene with absolutely no cutting
inside corners are instantly perfect and
those impossible to cut outside corners
are as easy as peel place and push and
look your paint job or wallpaper doesn't
have to be perfect anymore
easy crown molding hides all the
mistakes think of all the time and
energy you'll save if you don't have to
paint perfectly anymore
easy crown molding is the elegant quick
fix plus easy crown molding is great for
hiding those unsightly speaker wires
created by a professional master
carpenter to take the guesswork out of
crown molding ez crown molding is made
from an incredibly durable ultra
lightweight hardshell polymer flexible
enough to make installation a snap no
more struggling with those heavy boards
the only tool you might ever need is an
ordinary pair of household scissors it's
just what the
says easy just peel place and push
inside corners outside corners and
overlapping sections are virtually
seamless you don't even need to call
look how beautiful it is
it's totally goof proof you can do an
average sized room in under an hour
under an hour easy crown molding is
perfect for dressing up any room for
apartments where you can't spend a
fortune to create a new look for condos
to give an old-world charm and for any
house to add value in class
look this is expensive old-fashioned
crown molding looks beautiful right and
here's easy crown molding can you tell
the difference
no one can the incredible ez crown
molding comes in classic white but it's
paintable to you're only limited by your
imagination anyone can have the look of
a professional decorator at a fraction
of the cost when you call and order your
ez crown molding kit you'll get twelve
fifty four and a quarter inch hard shell
pieces each one with the precision
engineered miter cut that's enough ez
crown molding to do a bigger than twelve
by twelve room plus you'll also get to
precision designed outside corners for
that perfect finished look and you get
the easy-to-follow instruction manual
with ez crown molding inventor Jim
Jensen that takes you step-by-step
through the installation it really is
goop proof through this exclusive
introductory offer of ez crown molding
we're going to give you another 30% more
for free that's right if you call in the
next thirty minutes we'll give you an
additional four pieces with the
precision engineered miter cuts and
another two outside corners that gives
you enough ez crown molding to do a huge
17 by 17 room that's bigger than just
about any room you have and you get this
special upgrade package for free
imagine all the time and money you'll
save crown molding adds style elegance
and value to any room and ez crown
molding is the most affordable fastest
and easiest way to get the look you've
always wanted