hi I'm magician Paul Weatherbee and in
this tutorial I'm gonna be talking to
you about the flip vanish'd coin magic
trick for this trick you're gonna need
of course a coin like a half-dollar
now I'm gonna show you the the flip
vanish then I'm gonna tell you how it's
done
the foot vanish looks a little something
like this you have a half-dollar put in
your left hand
snap coin is gone once more coins here
you flip it into your hand and the coin
vanishes this is the secret have the
coin at the fingertips of your one hand
and flip it into the palm of your other
like that now for the tricky part as
you're raising your hands let the coin
slide off to the left hand and into the
palm of your right hand but pretend that
you still have it in your left hand
there it is there it goes it's not one
of my favourite coin vanishes but if
you're lucky you might just be able to
fool a blind man in a dark alley with it
some night add it to your arsenal you'll
never know when you're gonna need it
I'm magician Paul Weatherbee that is the
flip vanish coin vanish check out
whether be magic calm rock on and keep
your magic strong