hey guys so I'm finally back with
another video another cooking video for
you and today we're going to be making
Hungarian style goulash I know there's a
there's an american-style goulash which
has like a bunch of different things in
it that don't really belong in the
original goulash so stuff like macaroni
beans I don't know what else tomatoes or
something yeah but this time around were
well we've never made american-style
goulash because we hate it but we really
like this Hungarian style and here are
the ingredients that you're going to
need ok so we have here some beef and
this is beef loin tri-tip steak and then
I have one carrot I could have put more
but that's all I have and two potatoes
these are golden potatoes I have one
onion that I just diced up and I think
that's an 8 ounce tub of sour cream and
then I have paprika so this is my new
stove pot I got this for Christmas it's
just I think this is a three and
three-quarter court so it's perfect for
like two to four people but first thing
we're going to do is we're just going to
of course turn on the heat and at that
medium low and then add about two
tablespoons of oil we're using sunflower
seed oil and let that heat up
so now we're adding the paprika now this
is Hungarian paprika
okay so beef is in this is about I don't
know if a pound and a half
[Music]
so you just stir it up and make sure all
the beef is covered in the paprika
[Music]
well I add some salt too so that way the
beef is flavored
you'll just put in enough water to cover
the beef so I don't know how much that
is it'll vary with like the size of your
pan or whatever but also take into
account the potatoes and the carrots
they also need to be covered in the
water too but I usually add that after
after the water is in there
so two cups for now see if that
[Music]
might need three cups for this yeah just
a little bit more the color in real life
is very red
[Music]
[Music]
one thing that I almost forgot to add to
this goulash because I haven't made it
in a long time is the flour and water
mixture so in here I have about two to
three tablespoons of just regular
unbleached white flour and then I'm
going to add I guess up to this I'm
gonna add to about the 8 ounce mark so
that's about a cup of water and then I'm
gonna pour it into this and the meat is
pretty much softened up to like the
consists of the texture that we want so
that's when we'll add the flour water
mixture and that will just help to
thicken up the sauce okay so you got
thick like instantly so now we'll just
taste for salt and just to see if we
need to add and more of our herbs or
spices we usually add about 1/2 a cup of
sour cream because that's kind of like
at the threshold of of like the Tang
Tang eNOS that you get from the sour
cream and not covering up too much of
that paprika flavor
yeah so I'll just add a little bit more
salt and then I'll wait till it comes
back up to a simmer and I'll turn off
the heat and then I'll show you what it
looks like on the plate so this is what
it looks like and I'm serving it with
rice but you could also make some
specials with this and it tastes really
good with specials but that is it for
today
that's because of this