[Music]
I'm going to show you how to make a
classic disano sour so for this cocktail
we're going to need uh some disano which
is an almond flavored lure with some
madagascan vanilla uh we're going to use
some uh fresh lemon juice and uh some
sugar syrup so the first thing we're
going to do we're going to put into our
glass our disano luure so we're going to
do uh two measures of that which is 50
mil if you don't have a measure like
this you could use a shot glass or an
egg
cup and then we're going to use some
freshly squeezed lemon juice now the
reason we're using freshly squeezed is
because the uh the lemon actually has
got a really fruity flavor so we're
going to put in half of our our lemon
into our Mexican elbow this is called so
if you put it cuts side down into your
Mexican elbow and then it'll squeeze
just out the holes at the bottom squeeze
that into your glass that's
approximately around 20 25 MLS of juice
going in there and then we're going to
put in about uh 10 15 Ms of sugar syrup
so just we'll put in as much ice as we
can into our glass the reason we're
using as much ice as possible is because
what you're doing when you're shaking is
you're chilling your drink down um and
you're diluting it and you're also ating
it so when it the ice goes round and
round you're introducing air into it and
then you're going to shake so the ice
goes backwards and forwards over your
shoulder you want to do this for about
10 15 seconds so it gets really cold
like
so you want to do it quite hard because
you want to wake the cocktail up you
don't want to rock it to
sleep so then we'll take our glass which
has been chilling and then using hawthor
strainer which should just fit on top of
your can holding it with one finger you
can just pour it into your glass
and then just to garnish we're going to
use a uh a lemon wedge so just take a
knife and a lemon and then you're going
to cut about 1/8 out of that lemon um
you drink with your eyes a lot as well
as your taste buds so if it looks pretty
and uh inviting then it's definitely
going to taste like that and then just
put your your wedge on top and that's
your disano sour
[Music]