[Music]
when the weather turns warm gnats will
swarm but there are plenty of ways you
can repel or trap them and keep them
from coming back let's check out how to
get rid of an already existing problem
try making your own traps or purchasing
repellents or even a combo of both first
we'll make a vinegar trap this requires
a mason jar a pointed tool like a nail
and apple cider vinegar get started by
using the nail to poke some small holes
in the lid of the jar next fill the jar
halfway with vinegar then place it where
the Nats are heavily concentrated when
they start to fill the trap pour the
contents into a plastic bag seal it and
throw it away wash the jar with hot
water and soap then repeat the process
until the gnats are gone you can also
make a wine trap by combining red wine
and lemon dish soap in a container and
leaving it open on your counter then
disposing of it the same way a few other
affordable options include nat spray and
sticky paper traps sprays are ideal for
killing gnats on contact and while
sticky traps may take a little longer to
work they're usually best used alongside
one or more of the treatments we've
covered it's also important to treat the
outside of your home to stop gnats from
coming inside set out larger versions of
vinegar traps in gardens and around
water features spread liquid insecticide
around the perimeter of your yard and
your home's foundation use sodium bulbs
and outdoor light fixtures and improve
the drainage in your garden soil
you should take a number of preventative
steps to help keep your treatment
methods as effective as possible make
sure all window and foundation cracks
are sealed and patch any rips in your
screens cover food and keep your kitchen
sinks and drains clean repairing any
leaks lastly take trash out daily and
store bins and compost containers at
least 15 feet away from entrances follow
these simple steps to get Nets out of
your hair and your home and thank you
for shopping at the Home Depot
[Music]