what do you do when you don't have a
Nespresso descaling kit and you need to
descale your coffee machine you can use
white vinegar so it's a it's an acid
vinegar is an acid the same as your
Nespresso descaling kit that's a lactic
acid vinegar is a very mild acid itself
what you don't want to use in a coffee
machine like this is a caustic or an
alkaline based cleaner that is a big
no-no so old wives tale / grandma's
secret to cleaning your kettle is to
leave a little bit of vinegar on the
bottom of it overnight and come back and
you've got a nice clean descale kettle
same principle applies to your coffee
machine okay so whenever that like
flashes solid orange sorry why would it
flash a solid color whenever that light
turns solid orange after you're using it
that means it needs descale and it will
continue to do that until you descale it
so this is how to descale it for under
two bucks because you're probably only
going to use 50:50 if that you can use
straight vinegar if you really wanted to
there's no difference in the actual
process so the same process applies if
you're going to be using a Nespresso
descaling kit or this dish or this
method for descaling you're going to
want to make sure that these are both
empty you're gonna fill up a container
with you know start with 50/50 if you
want so just go fifty percent then you
got 50 percent water in the container
that you're using then pour it into the
empty container here so you know that
whatever is going to be draining out of
this container will completely fit into
this container without it overflowing it
does take a while to do so that's my
little tip to go right I can set that
and I know that I can do something else
in the house and not have to worry about
this thing overflowing because some of
the pictures that you see and even the
nespresso the the official Nespresso
video show a bowl of some sort under
here and it just looks awkward so I know
that whatever I put into here and then
pour into here it's going to reach about
three
the way anyway that is going to fit into
this container so that a quick tip you
want to pull this little section out of
your front door plug it straight in I've
already done this so it's probably not
liking it you only need to do this every
four or five months maybe for me it's
about every four or five months so for
you it might be something different but
when that light starts to flash that's
when you can start the procedure when
you start the procedure it's gonna start
pumping alternating out of here and then
alternating out of here and it's just
going to keep doing that it's going to
take five or six minutes to just keep
going and going and going until it
drains that whole tank of your vinegar
and water solution once that tank is
drained what you want to do then is take
the tank out take it over to your sink
clean it out wash it all out wash the
vinegar and everything out like that
fill it back up again with enough water
to then put it sorry
fill it up again with the same amount of
water you probably noticed that it was
maybe three-quarters of the tank when
you filled this mop and then poured it
in here plug it back in and then begin
the next step which is again pressing
this button so it'll go through that
first stage drain that complete tank and
that button will stay there flashing
clean that tank out fill it up with
fresh water empty this out and then
press the button again and then it will
rinse with clean water essentially after
that's done your coffee machines ready
to go fill the tank up again with fresh
water take your nozzle out put it back
into your door or close it back up again
so you don't lose it and you're good to
go so that's how you discard your coffee
machine with white vinegar don't use a
brown vinegar that's just silly