you to Bishop whistle smoke boss thank
you did again today I got beef and gravy
ox tails then I'm gonna use in the crock
pot I know a lot of people that ask me
for me to put in the crock pot so what
I'm going to do them put up put in the
crock pot for going to work really
simple recipe going to stop by putting
the oxtail in there once I get one there
now I'll come across with a lil seasons
really simple I'll show you guys a
little cost us out and we'll cut nice
and to the meat pepper pepper keep it
really simple the grave is gonna give
you a flavor so I want to start off by I
got two cans of cream of mushroom soup
and two just packs a brown gravy very
simple recipe don't have to make some
scratch
[Music]
so what I'm gonna do I'm just gonna you
gonna bought a cup of water but this
cans about 10 ounces of these playing
water just fill it up war so you get
your water in for your grade you don't
want to put the two cups after taxi get
too much water push the oxtails already
make a lot of water so but if you look
in your car pile you notice needing more
water just as it as you go along
no but I'll go on a lot then just gonna
mix this up like this
you see you see it's nice and brown
okay so I have a whole line here and
cutting I just want to pull it across
like so nice flavor so we're just gonna
pull that over like this this pretty
much sums up just put it on half let it
cook on the way put the top on
well it's been about four hours let's go
ahead and check just checking on them
doing lunch won't come over here see
y'all at that little warm look and by
the time I get off gonna be just about
falling off the bone look at the nice
onions
see how it makes his own grease up a
good eight hours oxtails a nice done
check out it just look how to me pull
off have some I'm still stood long
really look at there go be some good
eating right there hey thanks for
watching this video make sure you like
comment hey lemon is almost some future
future things yeah I would like to see
peace out