hi I'm Gary the water guy and I on the
water filter e store and the water store
in Midland Ontario today we're talking
about getting rid of those hard water
stains around faucets and Taps um this
sink is installed in our Workshop area
previously there was no soft water
coming to this area so we had quite a
bit of staining we've changed that now
so we want to get rid of the staining
and start fresh now if you have a water
softener in your home you probably don't
have to worry about this kind of
staining if you've recently added a
water softener you quite quite likely
you want to get rid of the staining if
you don't have a water softener if you
got hard water listen close because uh
you're going to be doing this a lot to
clean up the stains so these are some of
the things we're going to be using uh
for this now you're going to need um
some cleaning vinegar and that's a more
potent vinegar it's 10% acidic so uh
that's always better to use then we have
a spray bottle that has some of that
vinegar in it then we have a mixture
here of um one part of vinegar to three
parts of baking soda it's making up a
paste we have our toothbrush for
scrubbing and um we have a microfiber
towel over here that we're going to be
using and of course our rubber gloves so
we're going to start by spraying the
whole area and uh you can probably see a
little bit better now all the staining
that I was talking about earlier so
again that's all hard water staining so
we're going to spray that
area
oops with the uh with the 10% vinegar
and we want to make sure we wet every
everywhere really well like even areas
up like inside here that have some hard
water stains up
there so once we've wetted the whole
area then we're going to use this
paste get some on the toothbrush and
we're going to scrub all the areas where
the the the hard water stains we
building
up and uh the baking soda mixed in with
the vinegar um makes it kind of gritty
and that's what helps uh get in all the
different
spots okay so that's pretty good I think
we've gotten in just about uh everywhere
we scrubbed everywhere that was a
problem
area and uh so the next step is we're
going to soak this um microfiber towel
with the uh vinegar put it in the sink
here so I don't make too big of a
mess
and we're just going to drape that on
this whole area and what that's going to
do is as it soaks we're going to let it
soak for uh 4 hours anyway and uh it's
going to give that contact time to the
whole thing and while that's happening
we can again spray it with some more
vinegar and water or sorry straight
vinegar at this point
to loosen things
up and we'll be back after it sits so
this has been sitting for a few hours
now so what we can do is uh just remove
this
[Music]
cloth and we'll wash
away the baking soda and uh vinegar
solution
and uh as you can see oops as you can
see as we wash away the
um all the
paste it's a huge difference with how
everything looks
underneath with most of the hard water
stains gone I can see there's still a
few here but even just by taking my
fingernail
and the
um toothbrush we can see that uh that's
easily coming off and if it all doesn't
come off the first time you just do the
same process again and uh you'll get a
lot more off and uh once it's all gone
make sure you get a water softener and
that way uh you won't be plagued with
this problem going
forward and remember by getting a water
softener it'll make your home much
easier to keep clean and your family
will be much happier because they won't
have to deal with all these hard water
stains and that's it if you like what
you saw today please click the Subscribe
button that way you'll be notified by
all the videos as they become available
on our website or you can also go to our
websites at either the water stor
midland.com or the waterfilter eo.com
and again I'm Gary the water guy from
the water store in Midland Ontario
thanks for watching