[Music]
hi guys welcome back so this weekend was
a long weekend it was Memorial Day in
the US and it was Indian Arrival Day in
Trinidad so everyone barbecued and they
grilled and baked including me and I did
a few side dishes to go with my barbecue
and my go-to side dishes for barbecue
would be potato salad and macaroni salad
you can't go wrong with any type of
salads with barbecue so I'm going to
show you guys how I do my version of
macaroni salad and I hope you enjoy it
so these are the ingredients you'll need
for the pasta or the macaroni salad and
everything I'm going to use it's going
to be on the screen or it's going to be
in the down bar below all the exact
ingredients are going to be down there
so the main thing is some pasta and I
just have some elbow pasta here you can
use B TI Penny anything that you want to
use salt black pepper lemon juice white
sugar spicy brown mustard you can use
yellow mustard Dijon mustard whatever
you have diced red onion you can use
white onion as well some cold water
that's actually going to go into there
mayonnaise or we call this mayonnaise in
Trinidad chopped scallion or C and just
to give it a little triny kick some
chopped Shadow Benny or bandana or
culantro chopped celery chopped celery
and this is the big stock of celery if
you have the nice Trinidad celery then
that's perfect for this and and I have
some celery Leaf as well we get
something similar to the celery that you
would get in trinad but it's a lighter
green color it's not as dark green and
it doesn't have that nice strong taste
like the Trinidad celery so to your red
onion you want to add in some extremely
cold water and you're just going to let
that sit for about 10 to 15 minutes I'm
going to let mine sit while my pasta is
boiling so it's going to sit for a while
and this is actually going to take the
bitter taste out of the onion so you
want to put some water in a large pot
and once it's come up to our boil then
we're going to add the pasta in so I'm
going to add a little bit of salt and
I'm going to add my pasta and let it
cook until it's all Dente which is about
7 to 8 minutes so my 8 minutes is up and
this is a little trick for you guys
sometimes when you boil pasta it
overflows and when you put a wooden
spoon on top of the pot it prevents it
from overflowing so this should be ready
now cuz you don't want your pasta to be
very gloopy or very soft so I'm going to
turn this off so I'm going to just
strain it and put it in a bowl and leave
it to cool for a couple minutes before
we add everything in there so now that
the pasta is cooled now we can start
assembling our pasta or macaroni salad
so the first thing I'm going to add is
the
meal and just mix that
in so I've also just drained the cold
water out of my red onions as well I'm
going to add this along with everything
else celery Leaf scallion and
bandania add the mustard as well and you
can add more if you want the mustard
gives it a nice little tangue the lemon
juice gives it a little Tang as well and
instead of lemon juice you can also add
some vinegar and I'm also going to add
the white sugar this point you can omit
this especially if you're diabetic you
don't have to add sugar maybe you can
add just a little DH of
Honey now give it a dash of black pepper
and a very tiny bit of salt because we
already seasoned the pasta with salt
while it was boiling and that's how
simple pasta or the macaroni salad is to
make so all you want to do now is just
taste it to see if it needs anything
else you can add any ingredients you
want to this you don't have to follow my
recipe to tea so I usually add grape
tomatoes or cherry tomatoes to mine as
as well as some chopped black olives or
maybe some eggs boiled eggs so you guys
can add whatever you want to this and
you can even add some potatoes and merge
it like a potato and a macaroni salad
together that would be bomb so what you
want to do is store this in the fridge
like if you're having a baryard barbecue
or something you can make it theight
before store it in the fridge so it's
less hassle for you and this will last
in the fridge probably about 2 to 3 days
I would say because it has mayo in it so
I hope you guys enjoyed this recipe
leave me your comments below if you like
the video give it a thumbs up and if you
haven't subscribed subscribe to see all
my latest videos and I will see you guys
in my next one bye