hi everybody
CJ Brown here the lawn coach and it's
Sunday morning I was about to go to a
workout and then I checked my email and
we've got a great one here from Gus and
Gus brought a while back and he wanted
to get a lawn that was a mix of tall
fescue and zoysia and was trying to
figure out the best way to do that but
even though the tall fescue came in
great he's got an issue coming up with
wild onions now it says other than
digging up each one by the roots how can
I get rid of him in the spring of this
year I put down some weed control that
was supposed to do the job but it didn't
as evidenced by them in this palm so
what's going on here Gus is you're just
running into one of those things in the
lawn care business which is that nothing
is permanent okay you have to keep on
top and diligently deal with problems as
they arise so we saw the wild onions if
you would pull them out by the roots
you've noticed that they do have a
little balls on there which are
basically little bulbs like onions they
smell a lot like onions which I
personally like but what happens is you
can spray some weed killer down to kill
them some of them might die some of them
might just get knocked back real hard
but if that bulb survives it's gonna end
up a new show the next the next growing
cycle so it's really hard to get rid of
them permanently once and for all in
addition there's a lot of bugs in there
that might not have been up in the
spring so you might have sprayed that
would have hit the leaves the shoots of
the ones that were up and those would
have died off but the ones that didn't
have shoots growing up yet you didn't
even hit her effect at all so those are
the ones coming up this fall the only
thing I can tell you is just gonna take
some diligence there's nothing you can
spray on the lawn or no procedure you
can do that'll get rid of once and for
all it's going to be one of those things
that they'll keep coming back and back
and back if you wanted to use a chemical
a lot of the weed control chemicals do
do the trick or you can go ahead and
pull them out one of the things I
actually like to do is in the springtime
you just step on them and twist your
heel just like that it really crushes
and breaks them in a lot of cases that's
all you got
just walk up to the patch of onions step
on with your heel twist and the wild
onion it just you don't see it coming
back yet at least not for that season so
sorry to hear about it but just about
everybody's got some problem like this
where it's just gonna kind of keep
coming back and back and back and you
can really just do it you can do keep on
top of it but don't set yourself up for
the expectation that you can be able to
do one thing and then never have to deal
with the problem okay
so Gus thanks again for writing in tell
me how this annoys your plugs go and
just you know keep on top of those wild
and gets sooner or later you're gonna
see the population of dropping and it's
gonna be less and less of a problem but
until that happens they will keep trying
to come back so good luck my man talk to
you soon