hey what's up while you do it
yourselfers my name is Dylan Taylor and
this Dylan's DIY workshop today I'm
showing you guys how to make these
simple wooden shelves with super cheap
brackets that you can make yourself with
just some scrap wood okay so I go over
duh I'm about to go over how I made
these and I'll just play the video over
when I'm explaining them it's comedy
style and going with let me know if you
guys like that it's where I'm talking
here and then I have a video playing
over it and then I just cut back to me
pointing at things every now and then I
think it's the way most people make
content kind of like this when they're
explaining things but just let me know
what you guys think about me doing it
that way so anyways what I did was I
took some really scrap wood and it
really didn't matter what lengths they
were because I don't care what it looks
like if I really care I would make them
all the same thickness and all the same
size and then measure in from each side
of the Shelf where to put them however I
didn't really care and so as long as you
cut two 45s on your piece of wood and
you can do that with a miter saw or a
miter box there's many different ways to
do that as long as you have two
forty-five it'll make a 90-degree corner
when you put it up against a wall and a
shelf as long as the wall is 90 degrees
to the back of the show and so that's
what I did when I cut all the pieces of
scrap I didn't show that part in the
video I think I just started where I was
drilling the holes and so anyways I
marked out on one side and then I
drilled the holes through and then I
countersunk it with the countersink
drill bit that you'll see at some point
in this video I countersunk at the top
of the shelf so that the screw would sit
flush in it so that you could set
anything flat on the Shelf and it
wouldn't make a difference and so this
shelf material that I'm using is just
leftover fur from some other project
that it got torn off of and all I did
was I playing the one face I didn't
complain and I used to jointer
used to joiner to make it flat so it's
not necessarily thickness is not
thickness so it's not the same thickness
all the way through but anyways I've got
some scrap pieces of wood for the shelf
that are wide enough for a shelf and
some scrap pieces
avoid cut on a 45 all I've done is I've
drilled holes through the top of the
show and through the side of the the
braces and then that is what holds the
brace on and then to hold the shelf on
instead of having a in bead of wood or a
thinner piece of wood under the whole
length of the shelf and attacking it to
that and then going to the wall what I
did was I drilled my own kind of pocket
holes in the sides of the shelf and
you'll see that at some point and that
works good as long as the countersink
bit doesn't grab the wood and just tear
itself through and then bust it up so be
careful if using the same kind of kind
of sink bit I am but basically it's a
little pocket hole drill it in and I
didn't use anchors there is so many
screws going into the wall on each one
of these shelves that they'll probably
all hold a decent amount of weight I
mean I couldn't sit on this by any means
it was rip it right out of the wall and
it peeled drywall out but there's
nothing that heavy going on there like
you guys saw right here I'll show you
right now I guess all three of these
drills right on the edge of this shelf
nothing right and this this hammer
probably weighs ten pounds like I could
stick that on there and nothing's gonna
happen so it's a sturdy shelf for what
it'll hold everything that it can hold
as long as you're not putting an anvil
on udders or some railroad you know I
need use any piece of metal that is too
heavy to even be picking up by yourself
then you might break the show but other
than that it's a really sturdy and I
have done that with this side of my shop
and I don't know if you guys remember
but there used to be a crappy old pantry
here go vlog-style for a sec I used to
make vlogs I don't anymore there used to
be a crappy pantry here and then I put
the the map up and I really like having
that it kind of just it gives depth to
the room so I'm not gonna take it down
to put more shelves up because that
would just feel closed in it just gives
a nice depth to the room and then I got
the guitar hanging up there I like to
have a mix of tools and projects and
just other posters and I have done
nothing with that wall yeah I have to
figure that out don't know what I'm
doing with that cabinet this just turned
into a shop tour type thing computer so
there anyways I did all these shelves to
replace some crappy pantries and this
thing over here a medicine cabinet that
I had which weren't efficient for
holding tools this is very efficient
everything has a small my new space and
it's almost all taken up there's a
little bit of spree space here and a
little bit down there and a little bit
on the floor to store things and I
haven't figured out what I'm putting
over here it has to be small so that
door can swing out which is small wood
storage for pieces of wood just for wood
burnings for pipes all kinds of little
things and then I still have to rebuild
this table like I might have said in my
other videos but anyways I needed to
have some storage over here but recently
he had to move out of my shop that I had
you guys probably seen it before it's a
garage shop which was in my grandma's
house sure her attached garage and so I
was working with a lot of things there
but she moved and they're in the process
of selling the house so I had to remove
all of my stuff out and I still haven't
gotten all of it out there's a few power
tools that I have to go get on a
specific day and so anyways it really
sucks that I don't have my lathe or any
of that and I was talking a while ago
about you know bugging my dad about put
in the basement but that's not happening
so I'm out of those big machine tools
for for the time being I don't know for
how long it'll just depend on whether I
can get somewhere else to put them or
whatever situation goes up but anyways
all hand tools from my old shop are
coming in here and that's twice as many
tools as I had in here before and I'm
trying to find a place for everything
and so that everything is kind of
organized like I wanted a shelf or just
pliers I wanted to set up a shelf for
just screwdrivers and then for just
chisels and then a shelf for all the
drill bits and then knickknacks not
knickknacks just weird little tools that
you don't use all the time like a
leather punch and then I've got a full
shelf of mallets and all kinds of things
like that but I'm going to be filling
these shelves up probably not in this
video possibly in another but and
turn into a ramble video so here we go
alright guys that is going to be it for
this video this is part of the hobbies
woodshop almost impossible challenge I'm
really bad with names here let's try
this again
hobbies woodshop almost impossible
challenge for the month of November
where you have to make a new video a
project video or at least a piece of a
project video every single day for the
whole month and I am doing that this is
day two and that's all I got to say if
you guys want to check that out go on
over to hobbies channel where you can
see all about it you probably could
still get into the competition I think
that if somebody doesn't have all 30
days it goes to the next person with the
highest number of day so who knows you
can still win it thank you guys so much
for watching if you new please subscribe
if you're already subscribed please
share this video with a friend that
would poncing helped me out so much and
always if you enjoyed what you saw give
it a big ol thumbs up
[Applause]
[Music]