[Music]
hey friends it's living on country girl
and um I posted a picture the other day
of our white mochas and a lot of you
guys have been asking to for the recipe
or to me to show you how I make them so
I'm going to do this little video here
on how we make our white mochas um and
save a lot of money look at this silly
girl she doesn't need any more coffee
all right let me flip the camera and
show you okay so this is our little
coffee bar set up um I actually showed
you guys a picture of it we used to have
cabinets up here but they fell down and
so I decided let's do open shelves and
do it this way um so this is what we
have for our little spot it's actually
supposed to be like a wet bar for like
alcohol and stuff but we have our water
container where the fridge would be and
then since we don't drink we turned it
into a coffee bar so um this little
makeover I did was maybe maybe around 70
bucks to pull out the cabinets put up
these shelves buy all the stuff and get
it up there so not including like the
actual Ninja coffee thingy which just
for heads up don't buy them they're a
waste but we love our Mr Coffee thing
right here which was only 35 bucks
whereas this was I think close to like
$200 or something
but that's a whole another uh story on
on coffee machines um so I know you can
do great stuff with the Ninja for a
great cup of coffee it's fine but for
espresso it does not work so yeah
anyways we have our Mr Coffee pot we
pick up at Target for like 35 bucks I
usually wait till they're on sale we've
been using them for years they have
gotten cheaper in quality as far as
there's less and less metal and more and
more plastic it seems like every year
but they still do the job when it comes
to making Fufu espresso drinks um we
don't do
anything like you know straight up
espresso if you were talking like
somebody who wants like the whole Crema
and does like the fancy just straight up
shots of espresso no this is not your
machine but for just fun drinks and
stuff it works fine so um I made our
shot right here and um then I'm going to
go ahead and show you what we do now
normally we either use the cafe bastillo
espresso grounds which is a great budget
friendly option or if we get a chance
our friend from um genuine
Roasters actually Brew or sorry not
brewed but made the special batch of
espresso um he roasted it for an
espresso flavor to so we could uh do
espresso with it so I'm excited um we've
tried other ones this is a new one we
haven't tried but um we've used his
other ones and they were delicious so
I'm excited to try this one but this is
kind of like a special treat for us
because you know this obviously costs
more when you're talking like you know
custom grounds but you know quality and
The Taste is amazing whereas this is you
know a cheap option and because we make
so many drinks for our friends and stuff
when they come over that this is a
really great option because I think this
is like around 10 bucks and in this
particular case um this one I don't
remember the price of it but it was more
than 10 bucks so you know size-wise you
got to look at what works for your
budget but we found both of them um are
very low acidity and work really good
and don't irritate our stomach but give
a nice flavor to them
um you can see right here there is no
Crema it's nothing fancy it's but at the
same time if you try to do it just as
like a dark like you know even a strong
Brew it doesn't come out the same so we
love using the Mr Coffee pot for that
I'm going to turn it off um if you have
seen before so what we do when you make
espresso you remove this and let me see
if I can do this onehanded so I used to
work at a coffee shop when I was in
college and so that gave me the skills
to know how to do this so here's my
espresso it's all done in here um
normally what you'll do is this is
actually this is where I put my empty
grounds so you want to um go ahead and
fill this up gently pack it down with
your espresso and then you put it in
here and you're going to follow whatever
your special machine's guidelines are
for you know how to make it so I'm not
going into a lot of detail for that fill
the top with water and then you turn it
to brew you know tighten everything up
turn it to brew and you're going to get
it now um this is for sh which is
probably more than we need because I'm
doing these for myself and my kiddos and
so they're not going to get full shots
they just get a tiny shot um now here is
the major key to making these white
mochas incredible okay giradelli
white chocolate powder okay this is
amazing it blows the socks off any other
white chocolate powders out there any
other mocha mixes or anything so they
have the giradelli syrup and we were
able to purchase that off of Amazon for
a while but the powder has a different
flavor even than the syrup so um for
this size of of Jar which I'm not even
sure what size it is we use one
tablespoon now when we use our big ball
pint size jars um these are we do two
tablespoons of white chocolate powder in
here no these are not healthy they are
not lowfat but they are still amazing so
so and way cheaper than Starbucks so um
we put 1 tblspoon of the white chocolate
cocoa powder from giradelli you can pick
it up at like um Cost Plus and stuff but
I'll put a link to the um we get ours
off Webster on and we buy it by the 10
lb bag and because again we make so many
for friends we do go through it fairly
quick but a 10lb bag will last us 3 to
four months so we use one tablespoon of
that and then I put in about a
tablespoon of your monin vanilla syrup
again like yes you can get ton you can
get other syrups other places but monin
is amazing they actually have an organic
one as well but this is the pure
Madagascar
vanilla and it just kicks it up a notch
um it's also really delicious with the
moan and caramel syrup in there and
doing the winter a lot of times or other
times I've used the moan and blueberry
or cherry and you can do all different
ones we also picked these up from the
webstaurant so I'll make sure to put
that link down below um a little peek
back here is we have these are all the
blended drink mixes so like your uh what
you would consider your frappuccinos at
Starbucks whoops sorry um this is the
giradelli white chocolate mocha this is
the tii tea blend the vanilla latte and
the green tea now these three are from
big train and they're from the same
website the web Stant and this one's
from um gear Deli so we make our own
Blended Frappuccinos or whatever you
want to call them here too so bagu are
mocha um so what I'm going to do now is
I'm going to put in mine I'll put about
a shot and a half cuz these are pretty
small cups um and then the kids will get
about a shot of espresso with that so
that's what we're going to do now
because this is a powder you want to
make sure you're going to Stir It Up at
this point okay so let me go grab even
though you know we're making them iced
you need that hot espresso in there to
dissolve the
powder so
stir them up use a spoon whatever you
need to do it dissolves pretty quickly
pretty easily with the the hot espresso
in there so now here's a one of the
things that drives me crazy when I go to
Espresso shop and I see people do this I
hate when they pour this over ice
because what does that do that just
Waters it down so much so here's a big
trick to making sure your mochas do not
get watery okay
so the big trick is add your milk before
your ice okay so um I use lactose free
and this is where you know you can kind
of maybe help a little bit with some
calories you know 2% milk lactose-free
organic so we try to make it a little
bit
healthyish and then you want to fill
almost to the top with your
milk and because I make these in these
cups quite often I kind of know you know
the spot to fill it to right to the tip
of the that little design which I picked
these cups up it was a six-pack in a
cute little carry container at Walmart
for $5 and there were six cups and I
love these cups they're so cute so now
this obviously is going to be a lot
cooler so when I put my ice in there
it's not melting it and diluting it into
yuck so here we go we've got our ice now
we're just going to top it off with some
ice I don't like to use crushed ice I
want bigger ice because I want it to
stay in there for a while and uh you
know melt up
our melt our not dilute I'm sorry not
make our drink all watery so the bigger
the ice the better in my opinion when it
comes to this
part
let's there we go all right so we have
all of our ice in there I think
everybody needs one more
piece all right and then you got to put
the pretty whipped cream going on right
[Music]
here and of
course top it off with a cute
straw and that is going to be your white
chocolate mocha so again major key
ingredient for the best mochas you're
going to have are going to be our white
chocolate um giradelli white chocolate
powder not mocha powder just white
chocolate powder from giradelli that's
going to be your key ingredient along
with your monin vanilla syrup those two
together just are the Perfect combo if
you don't like it so sweet cut back on
some of the vanilla don't add the
vanilla but honestly I think a little
bit of vanilla is really needed just to
kind of make it pop it just brings out
the flavor in the white choc chocolate a
little bit more um again I've done it
with blueberry I've done it with cherry
just a tiny bit just a splash is all you
really need but the white chocolate gear
jelly powder is the key ingredient for
making these mochas so delicious so
there you guys go I hope you guys
enjoyed it um I had like I said so many
requests even while I'm recording this
video somebody just messaged me asking
for the recipe so um I hope this helped
you guys out and that you guys will
enjoy making your white mochas at home
too thanks for watching have a blessed
day bye Jesus
wake from my
sleep father
come breathe breath in me I'm in the
shadow of your wings overcome by
everything I need your hand your
touch