hey guys it's Karolina here from
curliness crafts and welcome to my
channel in today's video I wanted to
show you guys my favorite much a latte
recipe that I came up with and it's so
good so the first thing I'm gonna do is
add some coconut almond milk into just
like a measuring cup I'm adding in 1 cup
of coconut almond milk then you're gonna
need some raw coconut butter now I love
everything flavored coconut so that's
why it goes into my matcha latte recipe
and I hope you guys like it too because
it's so good so anyway I'm adding in
about 2 teaspoons of this a raw coconut
butter as you can see I'm pretty much
almost done with my jar and I need to
get more and this is the only thing I
use it with for matcha lattes that it's
just that good that good next thing I'm
gonna do is ask some matcha green tea
powder into my mixture and I get mine
from nuts calm no this is not sponsored
I just happen to like them and I'm
adding in 2 teaspoons but if you're just
starting off with matcha green tea
powder it definitely start off with 1
teaspoon and then build your way up and
the last thing I'm adding into my recipe
is a hundred percent pure maple syrup I
just get mine from Trader Joe's because
it's awesome and it's a great price so
I'm just adding in a 1 tablespoon of
maple syrup into my mixture and then I'm
grabbing this immersion blender you
could totally use any blender or a food
processor or whatever you have to mix it
or even just use the whisk but I just
like to use this to mix up my macho
latte cuz it just gets a really good
mixed up in there especially with the
coconut butter you need something that's
actually gonna mix it but whatever you
have on hand is also fine once you're
done with mixing that and everything is
all blended together I just like to pop
it into the microwave for about a minute
and a half to two minutes just for it to
be warmed up because no latte is
complete unless it's warmed up unless
I'm making a nice matcha latte but I
mean it's the winter we're making a hot
one here so I pour it into my cup once
it's all heated up and I'm adding in a
little bit of whipped cream on top and
then I'm just sprinkling a little bit of
matcha powder on top as well and this
was really just for the aesthetic and
just how it looks because it looks cute
and that's it guys that's how easy it is
to make this a super awesome matcha
latte recipe and I really hope you guys
try it please let me know how you guys
like it because I am obsessed so I hope
you guys enjoyed this video and I'll see
you guys next time
[Music]