[Music]
what's up buly Community I'm Victor
palas with palia
[Music]
bullies today we're going to do a
breeding with the kennel up in New
Mexico they brought the female over
we're going to take Tremor and do an AI
and show you how we do it pbk style
let's
go okay so here's the deal now we're
going to insert the ovulation detector
into the female
the number that you ideally want is 540
to 340 but here at pbk what we like to
do is try and get the 900 number because
it's been by our experience that when a
female test at 900 it only takes you a
day to a day and a half to get down to
540 which is ovulation
number if you throw in seamen at 900 the
seen will be there when ovulation period
starts another reason why you want to
throw seen at 900 is you also get the
male to clear out all his old junk and
by the time the female is ulating at 540
you already skipped the day and he's got
a fresh fully loaded seen bettering your
chances at the pregnancy so there you go
let's see we can get that 900 number
let's get
started okay so right here we got the
female her name is aain this is my
homeboy Oscar I'm basically going to
show you the process here how to use the
ovulation detecting first thing you want
to do is very gently lift up the female
the female's tail and you want to insert
the ovulation detector very gently inser
side you don't want to hurt the femal so
it's very gently inside 3/4 in you want
to leave about 1 in to 3/4 of an inch
out now the next thing you want to do is
you want to leave it in there for
approximately 30 seconds and the reason
for this is that the temperature of the
rod is going to be the exact temperature
of the female enabling you to get a more
accurate
reading so right now we're just going to
leave it inside for a little bit
[Music]
you push it once to get it started and
you push it again to get one turn it
that's number two turn it that's number
three turn it and this will give you
your reading
970 just a recap we're going to go and
do an AI female is testing kind of high
but considering that tror hasn't been
bread in a while we want a fres team and
when we the actual breathing so it
doesn't hurt to go and throw some cement
in there a couple days early we're going
to place the female facing this way over
here just like
that okay and we're going to go and put
the mail over here on this
side
ready
[Music]
okay next thing you want to do is just
get him aroused
and you always want to have one of these
handy because usually the Mills will go
up after an AI not all the time but
sometime
okay okay you want to put your
hand around that knot right above the
pis and you're going to apply some
pressure on
it and what you're doing here is you're
collecting all the cing
okay once he stops pumping and
ejaculating go ahead and push pull the
penis backwards to also simulate them
tying and now you're going to get all
the seen being thrown
in now this seen is
good and this seen will last in there
for a couple days or so so even if she
comes in tomorrow her numbers drop
tomorrow or they Spike down tomorrow the
day after we'll already have some some
numbers some seaming where we can uh get
this
going all right so I think we collected
enough seen we've got a
[Music]
good pretty healthy semen you can see
it's
cloudy good
stuff so now what you do is you get your
syringe
[Music]
get some of the air
out got a lot
[Music]
of that's about it we got over 12 ccs of
seen now I've already done this but we
like to get some KY Jelly and put it at
the
tip so the females doesn't go through in
discomfort and it slides in real easily
so there you have it folks the
syringe ready to be inserted into the
female for the AI so let's get that
done okay so basically now we got the
female um I like to Incline in this
position um I've got the rod ready I
have the KY Jelly on the rod and I have
the Cloudy cement of tremor the uh
usually I like to leave about four or
five CC of open space to push but
considering T gave us a full dose I'm
not going to be able to do that I have
another option so what you want to do
here is again very
gently
insert the rod up here once you feel it
stop you go
upward and you push in a little bit more
till you feel the pressure stop and then
you go ahead and
[Music]
inject she is taking it all in this is a
lot of semen so we're going to get some
dripping out probably there you go
go okay now there's still some of the
rods so what I'm going to do is I'm
going to go ahead and open this up get
some air in here the one that I was
telling you I wanted four or five C of
air I went ahead and grabbed it anyway
and now I'm going to push it in so all
the seam that's in the BR here is going
to disappear in there very carefully and
softly stick it in and go and do the
thumb thing
[Music]
there now we stick the thumb in the
female and basically you're simulating
the tie you're going to feel some
contraction when your thumb is in there
and basically the semen is being
contracted to where it's supposed to
be again 12 CC's fully loaded stuff on
day number nine she tested 960 970 9 900
plus the numbers you want are 54 340 but
it never hurts to throw it one day or a
day and a half before for two reasons so
when your ovulation period starts
there's cement already in there and
number two you get a fresh dose of SE
when you do the actual 540 340 again
we're skipping tomorrow tomorrow her
numbers will probably be about 700 and
then on day The Day After Tomorrow her
numbers will be around 540 340 T will
have fresh fully loaded Cen she'll
already have semen from the from the day
of today we're going to inject her and
we're going to get ourselves a pregnant
female thank you all for watching I'm
Victor palasio this is Oscar bullet
Community much love
peace e