welcome back today on dialed in DIY we
have recycle your celebration to the on
fire finale it may look like a Molotov
cocktail but dangers not what I'm going
for here if you remember in the last
video we did recycle your celebration
the warm-up video using the small
bottles and making oil lamps or alcohol
lamps well today we're ramping it up big
time and we're going full tiki torch and
making some really cool accent lights
for your next party celebration or just
hanging out in fact they work great for
emergencies say when the power runs out
please do keep in mind though that
today's build is an outside light source
only we're gonna start off by making our
own wick I'm using 100% cotton rope and
I'm cutting a piece that's just a few
inches longer than the bottle itself and
a smaller version of these you may
recall that I actually took an aluminum
can and took part of the side out of
that to put a little bit of a wick
sleeve in place this helps to protect
the bottle and to keep the wick nice and
secure we're gonna do the same thing
here but a little bit bigger now that
we're ready to prepare the wick we want
to go ahead and make sure that we get
all that tape off there because we don't
want to accidentally have that on a
burning end because that will make a
mess as you can see here the Rope wants
to start unraveling immediately so the
quick solution to that is grab a piece
of cotton string wrap it around it and
tie it off and that will keep it from
unraveling inside the bottle when we're
done you can experiment a little bit
with the size of aluminum that you want
to use for making your wick sleeve but I
picked one that was about three inches
by two inches and then just wrapped it
like a piece of tape around the wick
itself to make sure I had the right size
test fit it in the bottle and make sure
it holds everything in place once that's
done take it back off and start to punch
some holes in the side as you do poke
through and then push down this will
leave a sharp edge pointing up on the
inside that will actually help to keep
the wick in place you can pull the wick
up further
but the wick will resist pulling back
down into the bottle just make sure
those little notches are pointing up and
start wrapping it back around once
you're done settle down inside the
bottle top and bend the top part of that
sleeve back a little bit that will make
sure that your sleeve doesn't
accidentally get pushed down inside the
bottle you want to be really careful not
to make any spills while filling your
little tiki torch and the best way to do
that is to use a funnel to fill it with
if you don't have a funnel
and II you can find some kind of a small
bottle like I'm using here and just cut
the end off it makes a perfect little
funnel and if you pour slowly you can
get the right angle and prevent spills
I'm actually using total pure tiki torch
fuel here because assuming it's the day
after your celebration quick and easy is
kind of what you're after the torch fuel
I'm using here actually has citronella
in it too which is great because that
helps to keep flying insects away that'd
benefit notice that I did make sure that
the rest the tape was off of this before
I went ahead and put the sleeve back on
the wick and put the wick down inside
the bottle before you light it you do
want to make sure that your wick is
fully soaked with the fuel and that can
actually be done a little bit better if
you put more fuel in the bottle you
definitely want to leave at least a few
inches at the top to make sure that you
have some Headroom for that wick in case
the fuel expands while you're waiting
for that wick to get ready you can
actually make another option build by
using the foil ring from the top of the
bottle just pull the cap out of it put
the foil ring back on top of your bottle
and poke a hole through it you can then
put the sleeve right through that and
you've got a little bit more of a
decorative look to the finish of your
bottle help speed up the process for the
wick getting a bluey soaked try dripping
some fuel from the top of the wick it
will soak down at the same time it's
soaking up what you end up with is
actually a very effective tiki torch
remember just like all other tiki
torches these are meant to be used
outside if you like the idea of this
project check out the links in the
description below I've got the mini
version highlighted as well as a few
more in one of those videos I actually
made a little mini alcohol candle which
was perfect for use with my DIY fog
maker I took that candle idea dialed it
in a little bit more and made this three
flame alcohol burner that was really
cool I used a very unique wick in this
build which was perfect for long-term
use because I've been using it with my
siphon coffeemaker but if you need to
heat up water coffee or anything else on
a camping trip or backpacking trip try
out one of these little alcohol stoves
they're fantastic and they're a lot of
fun to make
please keep safety in mind when using
your tiki torches and to come back and
check from time to time to make sure the
glass at the top of the bottle is not
getting too hot as long as we're on the
topic of celebration
not check out a couple my videos where I
made some really loud horns out of
recycled materials as with all of my
projects I really want to encourage you
to be safe out there which is why I
suggest that you do your own research
and read everything that you can find
about the types of fuels and materials
that you're using be safe have fun thank
you for watching please press like and
then subscribe
there will be more dialed-in DIY to come