[Music]
today we're making switch ille also
known as haymakers punch or as I like to
call it the lazy man's kombucha this
beverage is delicious on hot summer days
and it makes a really nice non-alcoholic
alternative to champagne the recipe that
I'm going to be making today is based
off of a recipe I got from brog but
people have been making switch off for
many many years so first I'm going to
take about a teaspoon of my apple cider
vinegar and add it to my glass next I'll
add about a teaspoon or two of funny if
I can get away with not measuring
something you better believe that's what
I'm going to do then up for in about 12
ounces of sparkling water I'll give this
a little stir to start to dissolve the
honey
[Music]
now I'll pour in some ice cubes and you
got your switch all Cheers dizzy
[Music]