alright now I'm going to show you just
how to fill in big cracks like this as
you can see that's just way too big you
don't want to put your tape and just
regular compound over a gap that size
you want to mix up some sheetrock 90 and
fill that cavity up any cavities that
are big like that before you would use
your compound and your tape like I did
up on those flat joints so I'm just
gonna show you quickly how to fill in a
big gap like that so as you can see I
have it mixed up I forgot to show you
how to mix it up but you just want the
consistency to be like that if you hold
it like that it's not gonna slide off of
your Hawk so just mix up a little bit at
a time because this this compound dries
rock hard within about 90 minutes so
don't make something more than what
you're planning on using
[Music]
and there as you can see that cavity is
pretty well filled in and it'll just dry
rock-hard you won't have to worry about
that shrinking or anything and then
after it's dry just lightly sanded and
you can go ahead and put your tape back
put your tape on with your regular
compound as you can see here another
really terrible gap I didn't draw all
this job my friend did I'm just doing
the money but you can see that's about
maybe half inch or even a bit bigger so
once again just with your sheetrock 9.d
you just want to fill up that cavity I
let it dry get rock hard and won't
shrink and it'll give you a nice corner
that you're able to put your tape over
top so once again just with you she
wrote nice I just want to get a good
healthy amount on your drywall might
just go a bit head then take your knife
and just
[Music]
and there that's all filled in super
important to always do that step if you
just used regular drywall compound it'll
take forever to dry like weeks and weeks
before with the moisture be all out of
it in order to put the new tape on and
if you don't do that and use regular
compound for a gap like that
and you go and cover it with the tape
it'll guarantee I guarantee it'll bubble
and all the tape will be just bubbled
because that moisture will be trying to
get out once you seal it up with the
primer and the paint so we'll always go
ahead and put that sheetrock no idea
it's worth this step to make sure you do
the right another thing I like to do
with the sheetrock 90 it is done cover
all the screws with just one coat of the
sheetrock it'll just give it a nice hard
base then you can go over top with your
compound
so you just want to cover it with a bath
and then just smooth it just go along
and cover all the nails like that
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
all of the big spaces and they'll be
ready for putting the tape on in the
morning long definitely dry nice and
hard