hi this is Reena from the cheese.com and
I'm here to show you what peer beads are
and how to iron them properly so
basically pear beads are just these
little plastic beads let me Zoom the
camera there and you stick them onto
these Peg
boards and then you can make a pattern
and then you iron them and then they
melt together into this so then they're
all stuck together so then the pear
beads that I got actually come in a set
and actually sorted all the colors but
there's actually a lot of colors in one
set a lot of variations to Colors so
it's pretty cool you can um make a lot
of really cool things with it because
like there's like light yellow it
doesn't come just with like the primary
colors it comes with variations you can
see that these two yellows they're just
slightly different I don't know if you
can see that in the camera but they're
just a little off so you can make cool
shading effects but today I'm just going
to show you um just a simple cupcake
that I I made and then you can stick
this onto a greeting
card um or maybe a little hair bow or
something like that so I just made that
and here's one that I made earlier so I
already have my iron on but it's not
heated yet so I'm going to heat it to
the polyester
setting and find my little so the PE
beads also comes with a sheet of I think
this is parchment paper so don't go buy
any special paper you just go get a
whole roll of parchment paper at the
market if if you if you don't have this
paper or if you accidentally lose
it so I made my cupcake pattern and then
you can see these Peg boards also I know
I'm talking a lot but I'm waiting for my
iron to heat up but these Peg boards
these ones are more R random patterns
and then they actually have square peg
boards but I don't have it this is a
butterfly and this one is more this one
is actually a square all of the pegs are
aligned nicely and then this is rounded
so I actually use this one a lot because
I don't have a square pegboard so that
one is square you can see what I mean
here um focus there these aren't aligned
so when you make a cupcake like this one
this
cupcake I
made using this one and I put it in the
middle somewhere so you can see that
they're not all square they kind of made
a angle but with
this with this pegboard it's all square
and right angles so you make a different
type of pattern and when you melt them
you can see I'll show you too when you
melt them this one doesn't create right
angles like pixels it actually creates
um an octagon pattern no that's a
hexagon
pattern yes so six sides um but this one
will create squares when you melt it so
I think my iron is heated and I'm just
going to take my wax paper and then go
over move this out of the
way and I'm just going to lay it down
like this with medium pressure I am not
going to move the iron around I'm just
going to use the tip of the iron too and
take a
look okay so this one I
did uh so that all of the holes are
almost covered and then the reason you
don't move your iron is because it melts
and then if you push down and melt it
it's going to shift the plastic and your
image is going to be um skewed
so of cool and it'll stick to the
parchment paper but you're
fine and then so if you see there that's
a melted one and this one I did a a lot
of melting because all of the circles
are very you can see them leaking out of
the sides and then you can keep it on
and melt the other side but I wanted to
show you how it's Square you see how
when you melt it it's square and I
melted this a lot and the hole is gone I
probably should melt this one a little
bit
more um so you can also go ahead and
then leave it you should have left it on
your pegboard but it doesn't M matter
and then melt the other
side so I actually never I don't really
like melting the other side because you
can never get all of the
holes
covered I'll show you what I
mean
this one may work a little
better and I like the look with the
holes in there but if you do it this way
it's more stable so you can't rip apart
so there now it's melted on both sides
but you can see like you can still see
the little
dots
focus when you melt it on both sides
whereas on the first side there's no
dots exide from this side but I should
have melted this side a little more so I
actually like only melting on one side
it's not as sturdy people say but like
for example this one I barely melted it
cuz I didn't want you to see any of the
melted plastic on through let me show
you
one here here's one that I melted on
both sides and then this one's really
ugly because this holes are all
inconsistent but this one this side
there's no little
holes there's a cupcake see I think it
looks better when you don't melt one
side you only melt this one side it's
not as sturdy I guess you can rip it
apart easier but I think it looks cuter
so you can melt it either way both Sid
or one side if you have little kids you
probably want to melt both sides cuz you
don't want them pulling it apart but I
hope you enjoyed this tutorial um please
visit me at the cheese.com for more
tutorials like this oh I wanted to also
mention sorry I know I just ended it but
I use the top of the heart to make this
rainbow there anyhow um please visit me
at the.com I hope you enjoy this tutoral
and have a great day thanks
bye