how's it going out of bloggers a mama
and welcome to another episode of car
hacks today we're gonna be baking baking
what you might ask good old-fashioned
chocolate chip cookies I know what
you're thinking Almer where is your oven
how are you gonna bake cookies without
an oven
well I've got an oven sitting on four
15-inch we so the summer hack that we're
gonna test out claims that the heat
that's being built up inside your
vehicle can make a full sheet of cookies
sound a little too sweet let's test it
out for this hack to have any chance of
working the temperature inside your car
needs to reach 165Â°
to kill any germs and your vehicle needs
to be in direct sunlight at all times
now let's prep the ingredients
[Music]
now that everything is all set let's
test a hack place a piece of cloth under
the cookie sheet so it doesn't ruin your
dashboard find an open area that has
plenty of Sun and start the waiting game
I place the thermometer inside my car
was the intention of capturing the
temperature it got so hot in there
that not only did my thermometer stop
working but my GoPro died too
[Music]
let's get serious for a sec consuming
non traditionally cooked homemade
cookies can be dangerous if the cookies
aren't fully baked there's a small risk
of contracting Salmonella so test it at
your own risk
after four and a half hours of baking in
the hot Sun I retrieve the cookies for a
real taste test make sure you grab a
towel or oven mitts because the pan will
be hot what surprised me the most was a
crispy hard top of the cookies time to
serve it up and try it out
at around this moment is when I realized
how chewy it was and how I was gonna
regret this for at least the rest of the
evening as I kept chewing the taste was
off It was as if the scent of the car
merged with the cookie to create a sweet
abomination and then for no reason at
all I ate the whole cookie all I was
thinking was hmm I wonder if this will
be my last car hacks ever thankfully
though it was totally fine although the
top layer of the cookie was baked the
bottom didn't fully baked and the cookie
had a sickly pale color to it that might
turn many people off the hack took
longer than four hours to bake and with
an undercooked bottom the Hat failed
hacks are fun to try that's why we test
amounts and you don't have to got a car
hack you want us to test out comment
below for tips on how to professionally
care for your vehicle check out Auto
Blog details featuring Larry kosilla
for more car hacks you should subscribe
don't forget to like and share this
video
oh one more thing if it's too hot enough
to be cookies in your car it's too hot
for children or pets to be left
unattended stay safe in the summer heat
a mama safe travels
[Music]