hi guys it's Julie from cooked by Julie
comm today we're making cheesy garlic
orzo I'm thrilled because okay maybe
throw there's a bit of an exaggeration
but I am happy to share this recipe with
you guys because it's actually my first
orzo video I've never shared an orzo
recipe with you guys so this is the
first and it's really good so let's go
start it alright so this is very simple
takes about 20 minutes from start to
finish so that's good I like to start by
sauteing the onions and butter over
medium high heat for a couple of minutes
I then add the fresh minced garlic and
cook it for an additional thirty seconds
or so so I know this part is obvious but
when it comes to grease you don't
necessarily have to follow the recipe to
80 so if you see that your pan is trying
a bit like mine was just go ahead and
add a little extra butter oil go ahead
and add the orzo get it nice and toasty
I cook the orzo for about one minute and
I know that the orzo packaging normally
recommends to boil the orzo like you
would spaghetti but I like to get it
nice and toasty like this this may look
a bit strange but I love creamy orzo so
I like to add a combination of milk and
chicken stock the exact recipe along
with written instructions will be over
on my website so make sure to check that
out give everything a good stir season
with salt and pepper and then you want
to reduce the heat to medium cook this
for about 15 to 17 minutes or until the
orzo is perfectly al dente and creamy
and delicious make sure to stir
occasionally while it cooks so I like to
turn the heat off once the orzo looks
like this a bit too runny but it's good
to stop cooking it at this point only
because it dries out pretty quickly I
added the Parmesan cheese and mozzarella
cheese so definitely keep that in mind
if you want a cheesy creamy or so that
it dries out pretty quickly I know a lot
of people like dry orzo like cold orzo
and vegetable salad that's delicious as
well but this is perfect for when you
don't have the time to make a risotto
this creamy orzo is amazing with seared
scallops there in some fresh parsley in
there as you saw completely optional I
love adding peas and asparagus by the
way serve this with seared scallops or
roast chicken you will love it let me
know if you do make this and I want to
thank you guys so much for watching