[Music]
hi my name is onita Castillo and I'm the
original designs team leader here at
Rogers Gardens and today I'm going to
show you how to make a terrarium so
let's get started first you need to
choose Your Vessel I've chosen a very
large vessel with tall walls so that we
can use that to enclose the humidity
inside the
terrarium rock or gemstones a paintbrush
or tool to wipe off excess soil potting
soil or Cactus mix
charcoal sheet
Moss a water sprayer and your
plants first we'll take this vessel and
I've cleaned it up and Polished it so
that we can start with a nice clean
surface then I'm going to take our bag
of any kind of aggregate or any kind of
decorative rock here I've chose this
really natural tan Bean Pebble then I'm
going to pour this in and smooth it out
so that I get a nice layer because this
is a large container I want to get a
substantial layer so that you can see
the rock then I'm going to take my
charcoal which is a Horticultural grade
charcoal it's also what you use in fish
tanks to clean out all the the gross
debris that forms when you're watering
the plant from the soil so the gravel
inside the terrarium acts as a well to
keep the water away from the soil so
that it doesn't get too soggy then when
you put in your charcoal which asks as a
filter you want to spread it around
evenly so that it catches everything
that falls through and I'm doing this
with a paintbrush so that I don't get my
hands
dirty then after you put the charcoal in
you're going to take a nice layer of
sheet Moss which is basically Forest
Moss that's just been harvested and
preserved
so I'm going to lay this in a nice layer
try to get the pretty green pieces on
the
outside so that you don't get the brown
edges seen on the outside and I'm going
to Pat this down and make sure that I
get a full
coverage so that when I place my soil on
top it doesn't seep
through the Moss almost acts like a
netting then you're going to choose your
potting soil medium today I chose a
regular potting soil because I am using
green foliage plants if you were going
to use succulents you'd probably want to
choose a cactus mix or something with
pmus added so I poured about an in and 1
half to 2 in of soil in here and that's
because I have taller plants that I'm
using and I also it makes it easier if
you have a taller terrarium so that you
can build up and you have more room for
larger plants today I've chosen the
peperomia
lime the
nepotis pink butterfly and hypoestes
pink
Splash then I'm going to take my 4in
plant the largest one particularly and
figure out where I'm going to place this
because this is such a large Plant it's
going to be my
anchor I'm going to choose a space kind
of off to the side and dig a little bit
of the
hole take a little bit of my soil off
the plant and loosen up the
roots and place it down into the hole of
the soil that I've
made then I'll Pat the soil around it
and build a hole for my next Plant
[Music]
after I've got my plants in there
securely and the mo and the soil pressed
down around the plants to secure them
I'm going to add some top dressing I'm
also going to use the sheet Moss that we
used as the netting down here and I'm
also going to use some pretty stones to
fill in to make a little pathway a trick
or a simple trick to use when use when
putting this moss in is to roll it so
that you only see the green side you're
only going to want to put small pieces
around your plants you don't want to
bury the plants with sheet Moss or else
that can create mold you don't want to
use too many of the Pebbles because then
it can look too busy you can also use
shells or Gems or little pieces of
Driftwood also don't forget that this
can be a 360 viewed Arrangement so you
don't want to neglect the other
side then you after youve
finished you want to use your handy
dandy
paintbrush and brush off any soil that
has gotten in the crown of your
plants after you're done making your
terrarium you're going to want to give
it his first drink of water I'm using
this pump sprayer that I got here at
Roger's Gardens you can fill it with any
kind of water distilled tap or drinking
water you're going to want to make it so
it's a clear
stream and you're going to want to water
at the base of the
plant you don't want to put too much
water in here as there is no formal
drainage so I'm only going to do small
amounts of water at the base of each
plant
after you're done doing your first
watering you're going to want to wipe
away the excess water so that you can
actually see your beautiful creation you
can have this as an open or closed
terrarium it depends on the plants that
you're using because I'm using foliage
plants they don't mind high humidity so
I'm going to put this lid on but
throughout the days I'm going to make
sure that I don't have too much humidity
build up in here that can cause mold or
mildew you can use any type of vessel
small or large it just depends on what
inspires you I hope you enjoyed this
video thank you
[Music]