hi everyone this is Maria about a month
ago I was trying to clean my shower
doors you know how they can get hard
water deposits and things like that and
I had gone for a while without cleaning
them and I thought they looked pretty
bad and so I went to Target and I bought
I won't mention the name brand but it's
a popular name brand and I got the one
that Foams up a little bit I had to use
almost a whole bottle of that stuff and
it didn't even touch hardly any of the
water deposits on top of that I had to
open up all my windows because the smell
was so strong you could smell all the
chemicals and I just didn't like that
and then my skin began to itch I have
never had that before you guys and so I
thought gosh why is my skin itching you
know and then the next day I thought
well maybe it'll go away and the next
day my skin was still itching and I go
it has to be that product because my
skin has never itched that way before I
had never used that product before my
niece is really on top of everything and
she says why don't you use this solution
and she told me about it and so I tried
it and you guys it works uh you're going
to need a bottle of blue Dawn it has to
be the original blue Dawn and so I did
pick this up at Target and you also are
going to need some vinegar just the
regular distilled white vinegar this is
the market Pantry brand which is the
Target brand and I think it was like I
want to say 89 cents maybe for this
you're also going to need a measuring
cup a
funnel and you're going to need
something that's microwavable I'm just
going to use this little Cheapo uh
plastic thing that I purchased at the
store it's really old and I thought i'
just use that and I'm going to use
something to stir it with she didn't say
anything about stirring it but I just
thought I should and so it's just a
plastic fast food spoon and then you're
going to need a spray bottle I'm just
going to repurposed this spray bottle it
used to contain awesome I rinsed it out
really well and this is what I used
before and it works just fine so I
didn't have to go out and purchase
another one so let's go ahead and put
this together you guys and I already
have my microwave set at 2 minutes
because we're going to put this in the
microwave I can't remember the exact
time she told me but I'm thinking it was
around 2 minutes I mean I have heard
before that Dawn is good for so many
things so I want to look that up on the
internet and so I have a cup of blue
Dawn in my microwavable dish and then a
cup of vinegar I don't even like the
smell of vinegar you guys but you know
what it didn't make my skin itch okay
and then you're just going to pour that
in so basically it's equal parts one cup
of dawn one cup of white vinegar I'm
going to take my little fast food spoon
and just stir that around in there I
don't think you need to do that but
that's just just
me and then I'm going to put my lid on
I'm not going to tighten it down I'm
just going to set it on top only because
I don't want it to spit around inside my
microwave so let's go ahead and put this
in the microwave for 2 minutes okay you
guys I'm going to advise you not to put
it in the microwave for 2 minutes
because as you can see it was bubbling
over it still had like 26 more seconds
to go so I would do 1 minute so 1 minute
I think would be good enough and so
let's go ahead and undo the top of
bottle and I'm going to put my funnel
right in here so I'm going to hold my
funnel steady and pour my solution into
the
bottle goes right
in you can let this cool down if you
would like going to put my spray top
back on and you know what yeah you can
let this cool down it's not really hot
it feels warm in here but I've got a
shower to clean so let's go ahead and go
clean those shower doors so I'm going to
shake it up a little bit and then you
just start spraying so I open the shower
door so you can see me better and so you
can see how this solution is clinging to
the glass and that's why I had purchased
the foam action spray the one I was
telling you that made me itch a lot and
so I didn't break out or anything it I
was just so itchy all over okay so the
second shower door is completely spring
spr you can see it's completely covered
I also sprayed the aluminum I'm going to
spray the faucets oh my gosh you guys
last time they were just so sparkly
shiny I also opened the window above the
shower because I was coughing a little
bit and it's not the chemicals cuz I
don't think that's it I think it's the
vinegar because I really don't like the
smell of vinegar it sort of just makes
me gag so I just opened up the window
and so that's it you guys so let's go
ahead and let it sit for 15 minutes and
you can go off and do something else
like how about making another YouTube
video I'll be right back okay so I went
ahead and just put um my sponge under
the water the spet and I'm just going to
really scrub these
down you can see how they are really
soaping up I think the hardest part
about cleaning your house doing the
house chores is getting started because
once you get started you know what it's
kind of fun so anyways I'm really
surprised because last time I didn't put
any of this on the tiles and guess what
you guys the soap scum is coming off
yeah it's almost like melting
off so the job is nearly done all I need
to do is rinse off the soap you guys and
honest I hardly put any muscle into this
okay so let's go ahead and do that so
I'm just filling up my container to
rinse oh my gosh I am like so happy with
this you guys yay look so clean I mean
who gets excited over a clean shower
door right
me okay you guys so this is how they
look now and so I have them all rinsed I
have my little cloth here and I'm just
going to dry
them okay I got a little wet right and
so but anyways you know what you guys
everything looks so sparkly in here the
Chrome looks really sparkly on the
faucets and you know I like this right
here there's a little bit of the Dawn
solution here so I'm just going to wipe
that down and so the next thing I'm
going to do is I'm going to go ahead and
take some water and vinegar spray and
I'm going to spray these really nice
and go ahead and wipe them down so I'll
be right back so this is what I'm going
to use to wipe down the glass doors for
a final touch and this is LA's totally
awesome cleaning vinegar it a streak
free I got this at the 99 cent only
store you guys instead of the regular
window cleaner and I love this it's true
it's streak free I use this on my
mirrors and I totally love this so I'm
just spraying this with the vinegar and
water and you know there still is some
water deposits I'm not going to lie on
this door but I'm going to do what my
niece says is to apply it a couple more
times two or three more times until it's
all gone so Southern California has
really hard water you guys and so we do
get the hard water deposits also you
guys I want to mention that I use these
micro fiber cloths I really love them
can't remember where I bought these but
you know they sell them everywhere this
side is done let's spray the other side
okay so I'm going to go ahead and spray
this side
even the bar
here just lightly misted
it and then I'm just going to take my
microfiber
cloth and wipe them
down trying to stand off to the side so
you can
see clean right here
and also right
there right here and up on top I can see
I missed some of the soap up
here and I'm cleaning all the way back
so let's go ahead and do this
side almost missed this you
guys so these shower doors are clean
thanks for watching everyone have a
great day and happy cleaning bye-bye bye