welcome to just paint do-it-yourself
spray art and tutorials hey guys welcome
back today we're gonna do a tie-dye
painting Jennifer McEwan those videos
for you you requested tie-dye it might
work it might not just video may be a
fail but hopefully you guys will enjoy
it Jennifer I hope you enjoy it you
would take something away from this and
you figure out you know what you can do
with it and try it at home and maybe
improve upon the technique but anyways
let's get to it
okay guys so here we go I would suggest
just four colors for this I'm gonna use
way too many colors for it the most or
they just start to blend together and it
just starts to get a little icky alright
so as you see I'm using blue pink this
is the brightest pink I have choose
whatever colors you want to use now to
make this work it is the clear coat you
just put it at a slight angle just pivot
a little bit you're trying to push thin
out the paint and push it away to give
it that uh faded that blended little
look to it that you kind of get on a
t-shirt now here I've got fluorescent
green it is a very bright green as you
can see it's it's amazing it's a resto
liam's fluorescent green they also make
orange yellow pink I ran out of the pink
so that's why I didn't use that pink as
you see how this is stretching and
blending it out with this clear coat on
it it's the you start to lose your under
colors the coat is underneath so that's
why I suggest maybe don't put as many
layers different color layers that I'm
putting on this one and I went with some
red I thought that would go over to
green pretty well and stretch it out so
I got a little heavy here with this just
too much in a spot and clear coat it out
again I just kind of stretch it and just
play with it just you know tap the lid
to give a little bursts or keep spraying
it and a continuous spray the
turn table I have just works wonders for
this a here I'm putting white I would
suggest not using white it just doles
out a lot of the other colors I mean the
color you're gonna put on top like this
here this fluorescent yellow it
brightened it up a lot but it's still it
started to make everything look a little
muddy like so I would maybe stick oh
stay away from the white if you're
wanting something bright like a white
color try using like that bright blue I
have here or just the bright yellow or
something but maybe stick away from the
white because as you see how it's
starting to blend in there and starting
to get muddy like I mean it if that's
something you think's cool and you know
go with it but just a suggestion just a
tip maybe stick away from the white you
know learn from my mistakes and here I
think I'm put out I'm doing way too many
different layers than the orange now I'm
gonna throw maybe some more pink on it
cuz my pink in the background was one of
the first ones I use and that's about
gone you can't really see it anymore
actually kinda looks more purple than
pink now and I just thought I'd go
around the edge and stretch out some
more of the layers which might have been
a bad idea maybe you know don't go back
over at the outside layers you've
already went over once because the it
just blends together too much you know
once you've done the one layer the
outside ring just kind of leave it like
that and just call it good and here I'm
putting more colors on the top I don't
know I got a little upset with the way
that white blended into everything so I
was just trying to bring it back up and
you know less is more and I put way too
much on here
alright guys okay Jennifer this painting
was for you you asked for it here it is
here is the tie-dye and my take on a
tie-dye
painting an abstract painting of course
but it's a type and it gets cool it's
cool so the key to this tiny painting
this painting would be the way I did it
would be clear gloss the clear so once
you put down your layer as you seen you
know come in an angle and spray it out
where it's just get it so make sure you
put up on enough paint and then use the
clear gloss to spread it out that way it
moves it without actually using the
brush or finger which can leave grooves
and you get this nice wet kind of look
so definitely try that at home I hope
that's what you were asking for my
tie-dye painting I don't know if that's
what you were asking for I do hope it's
what you're asking for though and I hope
you enjoyed it and it gave you some
ideas on how to make that work if you
wanted to do that and then make like a
stencil over it cuz you want to do
somebody's face or something then
definitely let that dry and it's gonna
take a while because you've seen how
much paint we put down so that's gonna
take it a long time to dry let it dry
and then do your black layer stencil on
and that should pop through and look
really cool so that's an idea for you as
well so I do hope you enjoyed it it was
different and it did come out kind of
how I expected it to come out in my head
a lot cooler than the tape give me a
second and I'll show you the two I
actually made earlier trying a different
technique that I didn't really prefer
and I'll show you those as well so give
me one moment
and I'll get those all right so here's
one I made with tape so that was my idea
what tape
as you see you know it's it's kind of
cool it's a straight it would make a
cool background for a painting and then
here's one I made by just putting down a
bunch of paint and then and then taking
a plastic bag and actually swirling
swirling it so that actually came out
like we're like that one a lot more than
this one here so I do hope one of these
ideas for you is is ideal for whatever
it is project whatever project you're
wanting to make so I would I would
definitely go with this last one way
over here it just blends better looks
more like the shirt does with the way it
spreads out and definitely choose your
colors beforehand and I would maybe
limit it to four or five colors as you
put more on top and you start spreading
it they blend the colors get darker and
you're just gonna end up with blood you
know it's gonna blend together so yeah
it's gonna look gross so it kind of
looked a lot brighter before I put on
the last layer of pink and green and I
think that kind of doled it out a little
bit it still looks cool be cool for a
background of a painting for something
it kind of looks like an explosion so
guys I hope that inspires you guys to
make something cool working on a project
that's all I got for you
hey guys thanks for watching this video
I hope you enjoyed it if you liked this
video please smash that like button for
me and help me get noticed if you
haven't already please subscribe so you
keep up to date on all the future videos
if you have any questions or comments
please leave them in the comment section
down below
you guys are awesome keep creating we'll
see you guys in the next video
just paint something