[Music]
[Music]
hey how's it going YouTube today I'm
going to cover how to create custom
labels for your clothing line now before
we get started started I just want to
say thank you all for subscribing and
for watching my other videos I've been
getting a lot of different questions and
a lot of different feedback and in order
for me to answer all that uh it's kind
of hard to answer everybody individually
so in order for me to get accomplish all
of that I'm going to create video
segments to answer every question and at
the end of the summer I'll compile it to
one major video where you guys could
reference that and then look at these
for more detail so one of them is
regards to clothing labels
and different things that you can use
for your clothing line so I'll cover
that today along with the artwork that
you need to prepare and exactly you know
how to how to prepare that artwork and
then um also teach you guys for
long-term strategies so how do you
actually create something and be able to
use it you know amongst the rest of the
year or the rest of the season and get
the most for your money so to start off
um one of the major things I recommend
is obviously to be able to use the
program so learn how to use Adobe
Photoshop or Adobe Illustrator or if you
don't have the time or the capabilities
to do that then partner up with somebody
that does uh when you're starting a
clothing line it's going to be pretty
hard to get your stuff out unless you
have the artworks and you have the
design aspect ready for it um I
recommend you guys all take some classes
either at your community college online
you know just take some Adobe Photoshop
or Adobe Illustrator classes it'll
really help you to learn the concepts
and practice and even if it's doing
Simple Things it's important because now
you don't have to pay somebody else to
do
that let's talk about long-term
strategy so the long-term strategy in
creating these labels how do you get the
most of your money well to start off is
you're going to want to create something
that is very versatile and what I mean
by versatile is that it has the
dimensions that you need to properly
brand your products but you're able to
put it in multiple accessories or items
all right so for instance something that
we created when we started off uh about
last year actually so we created a label
that was all leather right it was an all
leather label that we were able to put
on our backpacks and our different
smaller accessories as well as our hats
now we can order a lot more of this one
single patch and put it across different
products which will allow us to properly
brand it and even create a cohesive line
so always think about how you can do
that for your own clothing line what
kind of labels or what kind of things
can you do and purchase one time and put
across the rest of your products for the
season or for the year all right so
sometimes the minimum quantities are a
little higher than you expect so you got
to be able to use those for multiple
items and get the most of your money
okay so think about it like that look at
other clothing lenses and other things
that people are doing and kind of see
where they're and how they're doing it I
mean that's the most important part is
learn from others that are already
making a lot more money than you are and
you'll be able to save a lot more money
because you're doing
that artwork most important part of
creating a label and a picture is worth
a th000 words and in this case Adobe
Illustrator helps you make those
thousand words and what you really refer
to now I recommend you guys take some
classes or YouTube videos or whatnot on
how Adobe Illustrator works but as you
see here this is all my artboards and
there it's a little messy but we'll jump
right into this one which is a
specification sheet that I created for
an interior label now the interior label
is obviously going to be of different
fabrics and dimensions than any other
label that I would normally use so up
here what I did is I created the date
the date of when I created this design
and then obviously what it was meant to
be the interior label style number is
this is our unique you know numbering
system and then uh description of what
it is how we want it made in this case
thermal printed label and it'll be
folded halfway so they know how it's
going to be used body fabric we chose
Satin Color White Satin with black
lettering just kind of describes what
they're looking at so as you can tell
this is interior label design for one of
our backpacks uh for my own company here
revive and what we did is we needed you
know we literally measured out what it
was that we needed and we found out that
it's 3.25 is the total length that we
wanted by 1.25 in total width now when
you start working with different
companies they'll ask for different
specifications just make sure you call
them so you know ahead of time exactly
what they need but for the gist of it is
you know you want to create your design
the way that you want it the way that
you envision it and you want to do it to
scale so it's a lot easier to you know
pull this off so what we did is
obviously it's 0.5 Z from the top .125
you know space from the sides that'll
give us enough to sew but we also showed
the seam allowance here so you could
tell in red lines um and then we have to
edit it actually so it's probably over
here somewhere but so what we did is you
know we we're showing them where this is
going to be sewn so they know exactly
how much distance this has got to be
placed but regardless you tell them
exactly how much distance from the top
to your first part of the actual logo is
and that'll help help them you know make
the decision on how to make your design
and that pretty much wraps up the you
know artwork process uh you want to be
as detailed as you can so you want to
let them know where this is going to be
sewn here and here and this is going to
be sewn halfway so they know that this
is the second portion of your artwork
this is the one that's going to be at
the top um and then you let them know
what the seam allowance is so in our
case it's 38 seam allowance uh find out
what your guys' seam allowance is
through your manufacturers they'll tell
you what it is and just make sure you
note that and just communicate as good
as you can to them so you can get
exactly what you want cuz last thing you
want is for them to charge you a
redesign fee and of course if you don't
get it right the first time you're
probably going to want to adjust it cuz
you're ordering a couple hundred or
thousand and whatever your case is so
you want to make sure you're as detailed
as possible like for instance I started
here on white with black and I and I was
very detailed here um but then I did it
to exactly how it's going to look black
and white very easy for them to
communicate and know exactly what it was
that I wanted and then we'll zoom in
here so the spacing between the line and
between our our actual logo the spacing
on the sides to the Edge 2 in total
length by 1.3 total height so literally
be as specific as you can and choose
exactly you know this the specification
sheet um allows you to just outline it
as best as you
can so clothing labels for you sent out
this box to me I asked them to send me a
few samples I've worked with them in the
past so I know that they've done some
very good work for us and um yeah
clothing labels for you.com was when
that sent all this stuff out to me and
I'll show you guys a little bit about
the different options the different
labels you guys can choose um so you can
best pick the products for your new um
for your new clothing lines and of
course there is a lot so what I did is I
separated them into two different piles
uh to show you guys the different
options that you do have uh obviously
some of them are more tailored for
clothing bags and whatnot some of them
are more for swimwear and different
applications so really what you're going
to want to do is just go out to a store
that has a similar clothing line in you
and just kind of feel the different
Fabrics or the different uh items that
they have and then um just try to make
your best judgment and send pictures out
to the to the people over at the
clothing labels for you.com and they'll
be able to pretty much tell you what
they think the material is and then they
can send you a few different samples for
that there's different options for your
line hats and other accessories you can
use a different fold Leathers um saves
you money from using real Leathers uh
cuz you know cow or an animal doesn't
have to get hurt in the making um so
there's different options for that when
you actually put your logos on it as
well as you can see here this one is a
debossed one and then you have endboss
which is you know the letters go over it
so the debost has a cleaner look I think
uh it all really depends on what you're
going for so in this case this one's a
deboss design you can tell cuz it goes
into the actual material not sticking
out just some terms for you to consider
when you're when you're trying to uh
when you're trying to come up with what
options you want but the most most
popular one for the purpose of this
video are the D mask ones um and these
are them right here so the damasque
woven labels are the ones that you
typically see put outside of clothing
you know like on the on the bottom left
hand side of t-shirts and stuff the
Damas labels are are typically the ones
that you'll see there um they have
really good quality the the you know
very good quality allows you to put your
you know very detailed designs onto it
as well and they sent a few out here so
you can tell this one is a semi demask
it's a little rougher than the others um
so if you just ask for the demask labels
and uh just you know ask for a few
different samples that you can look at
it'll really help you choose which which
style in particular of fabric that you
like for it and then you could also look
at different price points for it um so
it's all important you know when you're
starting up with a small budget you want
to get the best bang for your buck so
the mask is a way to go for outside
clothing tags and then for the
inside um there's a different printed
thermal um obviously this is something
that you could attach to the inside of
your bags uh or your clothing or hats um
so this is a printed thermal so this
literally goes through like a printer
and uh they're able to make it pretty
quick for you but when it comes for the
outside one the D mask is the way to go
uh it's very flexible gives you the
ability to fold over and like this one
for instance um this one is already
folded here um so it's folded on the on
the on the back side so when you put it
across the bottom of your shirt like
this it has a very clean Edge uh so you
also have to consider what you know what
your budget is for that this gives you a
little bit cleaner Finish versus the
ones that are just you know one sided
fold
so this one isn't folded it's just cut
so you just got to kind of go off of
what price points you want thank you all
for watching this video I know this is a
lot of take in but as I mentioned
earlier just contact clothing labels for
you.com they make the process a lot
easier I've been using them since I
started my business they're very helpful
and they'll really walk you through a
lot more of the questions that you may
have in regards to different fabric
types different artwork uh requirements
and things like that go ahead check them
out let them know that J cash sent you
and they'll be able to hook you up with
free samples and no setup fees which is
pretty important and uh yeah beond beond
a lookout for my next video I'll be
going into further details into other
steps and processes and let's stay in
touch follow me on Instagram Twitter
Tumblr and visit my website Jonathan
santos.com all right guys thank you
[Music]
he