[Music]
welcome to DIY easycraft ccom how to
make your own waterproofing solution for
leather canvas and almost any
material you're going to need to run to
the hardware store and just pick up a
couple of ingredients but this
particular solution is very inexpensive
to make it's very easy to make you don't
have to cook anything um easy to apply
and it lasts a long
time we're going to start with a uh tube
of 100% silicone it has to be clear
silicone 100% also a can of odorless
mineral spirits mineral spirits is kind
of like paint thinner except it's more
refined and doesn't have as much of a
stench you're going to start by uh
squeezing out the entire tube of clear
silicone uh into a container I'm just
using a a one qu container uh because I
was able to find a cap for it Chinese
soup container works perfect then you're
going to fill about half of that
container so about half a quart with the
mineral
spirits I did a lot of research on the
web and and tried a couple of different
waterproofing Solutions I I like this
one the best uh not only because of its
ability to uh keep water out of shoes um
but also because of the ease of mixing
it up you don't have to to cook and melt
wax and and play around with flammable
mat materials in a flame uh all you have
to do is just mix uh this silicone into
the mineral spirits you do have to mix
it for quite a little while you know a
couple minutes of stirring uh just to
get all of that paste uh into a
slurry so a couple minutes of of
vigorous mixing uh if you do have a
container with a uh secure cap on it
another great way of doing it is to
shake that up so that you're really
getting that uh silicone into a
suspension now it's really the mineral
spirits that are going to um drag that
silicone into the material so it's going
to uh soak into the material very
nicely dragging uh that silicone slurry
with it and then the mineral spirits
will basically evaporate leaving the
silicone in place now I tested it on a
sheet of of um paper towel before I
wanted to try it on my boots so what I
did was I painted a small section of
that paper towel with the mixture and I
set it aside to dry um I actually let it
dry overnight probably didn't need that
long uh when it was all dry number one
noticed that it didn't really change the
color of the paper towel too bad uh and
the water
just pours right over it just beads up
um pours right over the section that is
protected and of course the surrounding
paper towel gets wet instantly and
what's really nice about it is that no
moisture got through to the other side
of the paper towel that was a real good
indication that that this particular
solution was going to work and do the
job that I wanted it to do my my biggest
complaint um when when you're working or
playing Outdoors uh in any type of
weather is you end up I end up with wet
socks which I just hate uh this
particular pair of boots is just an old
pair of boots that they leak I always
end up with wet socks with them so what
I wanted to do is just paint this u a
very liberal coting making sure that all
of the seams are heavily coated so that
that materi that solution can really
penetrate deep into those seams so paint
it on U Don't skimp on this really paint
on a good
coat once you've covered all of the
seams and all of the uh
leather then I'm actually going to take
a another sheet of paper towel and just
rinse off some of the excess material
and then I'll set this aside to dry you
do want to air it out and dry it in a um
in an area that has a lot of ventilation
even though this mineral SPH container
says it's odorless it's really not it
does have a little bit of a smell uh it
takes you know a good day or so for the
for the leather to get rid of that smell
all right so here's our test uh the boot
on the left hand side of the screen is
protected uh with our solution uh you
can see that the water when I pour it
onto the boot it just beads up and runs
off of the
boot so that's a pretty good indication
that it's going to work um I still want
to test to make sure that uh none of the
water is getting in through uh the
seams so I took that same boot I took a
paper towel jammed it inside the boot
and I'm going to just immerse the toe of
that boot uh into a bucket of
water kind of crude but makes my point
uh the you know the desired result here
is that I don't want to end up with the
wet socks so I figure that if uh the
paper towel is dry after 2 or 3 minutes
of immersion uh then I'm I'm good to
[Music]
go so after almost 3 minutes
in that bucket of
water took out the paper towel and the
paper towel is completely dry so none of
that water is getting through the seams
the the silicone solution did a perfect
job um I was so impressed with it that I
actually coated some old sneakers uh
that I wear you know when playing around
in the yard um I coated a variety of
different uh work shoes that I use
Outdoors um and also uh some boots uh
getting prepared for the
winter a very easy do-it-yourself
waterproofing solution uh you can mix up
a half court of this uh for just about
$10 uh the solution lasts a long time it
does a very very nice job just make sure
you air it out get rid of that smell
completely and make sure you test it on
the material that you're going to use it
on uh so that you're not dissatisfied
with any color changes uh please check
us out on the web at diyeasycrafts
be sure to check out our other how-to
videos and if you like this video I ask
that you please give it a thumbs up and
subscribe to this YouTube channel
[Music]