hey there this is the first video in a
new channel I making where I'll be
demonstrating a number of practical
special effects I figured we'd start off
with bang so today I'm going to show you
colored Fire Supplies a fuel source
various chemicals a utility lighter and
a heat resistant container safety
equipment fire extinguisher gloves and
since this demonstration involves fire
we're going to take everything outside
disclaimer this video is for
demonstrative purposes only techniques
in this video may be dangerous and I am
not the best role model please do not
try this at home the technique for
coloring fire is simple you take a small
amount of your chemical put it in your
heat resistant bucket add some of your
fuel
source mix well let dissolve this takes
about 1 minute to an hour depending on
the chemicals used if I want it to burn
longer I will add more chemical and more
fuel source lastly ignite and stand back
for my fuel source I use methyl alcohol
because it's easy to obtain and lacks
the impurities that can affect the color
of your fire for each color I use a
different chemical and I make sure not
to mix the chemicals cuz it may be
dangerous and because I may just end up
with normal colored fire we're going to
start with blue blue is the easiest
color to obtain all you have to do is
take your methyl alcohol take your
bucket pour it in and ignite it and
that's blue done easy to do green is my
favorite because it's the most reliable
and it looks amazing to get green fire I
use boric acid boric acid is easy to
obtain on amazon.com because it is
generally used as an insect repellent
and also in some alternative
medicines I don't recommend putting it
in your mouth though to get orange fire
I use calcium chloride which can be
found in Road deiser difficult thing
about orange fire is that calcium
chloride is usually mixed with other
chemicals in Road deiser such as
magnesium and sodium chloride which
affects the color and makes it burn like
a normal fire color to get red fire I
use strontium strontium is available in
road flares strontium is kind of a more
dangerous chemical only because road
flares also carry their own oxidizer and
fuel source inside so I take extra
precaution when using road flares as my
fuel source I will be demonstrating how
to color things like campfires in
another video which will hopefully be
available like here soon maybe maybe
here this has been a demonstration of
how to color fire using practical
effects be sure to subscribe for more
practical effects in the future thanks
for watching
[Music]