hi this is Tracy from his basket appeal
and today we're going to be making a red
white and blue
Memorial Day wreath or this can also be
a fourth of July read so let's get
started for this reason I'm using a wire
frame it's 14 inches and I got it from
Dollar Tree actually everything that I'm
using for this wreath is from Dollar
Tree I will also be using three three
white deco mesh three blue and of course
three three red ones so we'll be ready
to do our wreath and hopefully we'll
have enough I think this is going to be
more than I actually need and if I need
to kind of change up a little bit I will
and I will post below exactly how much
of the deco mesh rolls I do they do
actually end up using I also have some
chenille stems and these are stuff these
are some I had in my stash and so I
don't think that the color matters with
these I do have some black ones I'll try
to kind of match up the black ones with
the blue since that's the darker deco
mesh you're also going to need some of
these hats that I found at Dollar Tree
I'm gonna I might add these to the
wreath it all depends on what it looks
like at the end so I'll have to try it
out and see and I may end up using this
just winch on and maybe separating the
Bell taking the Bell off and just using
this because I really like it and it's
metal so we'll see how that goes what
you might want to do to make this whole
process go easier is you're going to
want to have a rotary cutter now I don't
have one so I'm going to be cutting it I
will show you how I cut
my mesh and so I think it's a lot easier
if you just cut it all beforehand but
I'm going to show you how I cut it this
deco mesh is let's see it's six inches
by five yards and I'm going to be
cutting this into at least six inches so
I'm not going to be like exact but let
me just show you when I cut this at
about six eighty six or seven inches
because I really want my spirals the
technique I'm going to use is a point to
have um Jesus all loops and so in order
to form those loops I need this to be
like like this so I'm going to be just
kind of rolling these up before I twist
them together so you want to have a
bunch of these already cut out and the
rotary cutter just helps you to kind of
slice them and move them along and you
can slice a bunch at one time but since
I don't have one it's okay I'm still
going to go ahead and make it so around
six seven inches for these I'm gonna go
ahead and cut a bunch of these and then
I'm going to show you how I'm going to
line this up the plan for this wreath
actually is for me to have red right
where this is red between here white and
blue and then I'll come back with
another red white and blue so I just
want to have more control over how I
place my color now if you want you can
do you can do two and just go like here
this area in this area in red this area
and this area in white in this area and
this area in blue so it's just up to you
what you prefer for my front door I
prefer to have it where I just do red
white and blue red white and blue so
just give you different options
you also can mix the colors if you want
so you can just put a bunch of these
together
once you have them all cut out you can
roll them up and then just twist tie
them together in different colors red
white and blue or just red and white so
it's it's up to you you have a lot of
leeway with this and I think this is the
best technique for making a wreath I
really enjoy doing it okay so now that I
have my my mesh all cut I'm going to be
doing this in loops of three and so I
want to the natural spiral I want to
keep that I'm just making it tighter so
all I'm gonna do is just kind of roll
this up pinch you together roll another
one up pinch that together and then roll
another one up since I'm gonna have
three in each so now I've got it like
this and so what I'm gonna do now let's
see what happens when I put a fourth one
in I've never done that before I just
want to see what that looks like and so
if you want you can put a fourth one in
there I guess let's try it with four
normally I'll do three but we'll try it
with four okay so what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna start right here for my edge
I'm going to take this my chenille stem
and I've tried to cut the chenille stem
in half but for some reason it's just it
just doesn't fit all the way around this
when I actually start to fold it okay so
it's almost like I'm making a bow and
right in the center I'm just pinching
and then I'm going to just twist just
like that so I just twisted it like two
times and then on the two middle rings
that's all I'm working with I'm going to
take my chenille stem pull it through
this part the outer part and then the
other side through the inner part
and I want it to be lined up like this
just like that and then I'm going to
take it and I'm going to twist it let me
turn it over so you can see better all
I'm doing is now I'm pulling now that
I'm pulling it together I'm just
twisting it around so it will hold and
I'm just using the matching colors for
each of those odd echoes I just don't
have white so we'll see what that looks
like but I'm gonna work with it okay and
then I'm just going to take this one
just to make it look neat even though no
one's really going to see the back and
so that's what it will look like it's
going to be like this let's do another
one
it's I'm going to take another one so
I'm doing actually four so right now I
cut up two of each roll of the deco mesh
so I just cut up two even though I have
extra just in case cuz sometimes you
just don't know if you'll need more so
we'll see what happens okay putting that
together and pinching it in the middle
and see I just cut out a bunch of this
so I should have enough and this stuff
really sticks together well which is a
good thing because you want it to kind
of like stick to itself so there's not
much space in between it okay just make
sure you have enough chenille stems okay
so I've got four together and I'm going
to go ahead and twist and twist one more
time and then pull it through just
making sure that your deco mesh is going
this way
so once again using the two inner rings
going to twist these together and then
I'm just going to cut it before I really
get this all the way twist it I'm just
pushing it all the way up to the other
one and this really hangs on pretty good
but the deco itself will stick to each
other it may be a pain sometimes because
it sticks so much but it actually works
to your advantage when you're doing a
wreath because then it doesn't really
shift much okay and so that's how your
wreath starts to come together and so I
just pushed this up and you see it's
going to start to look really full and
so remember I'm doing red up to here and
I'm going to transition to white so this
is going to look quite lovely I can
already tell so I'm going to do one more
and then I'm going to go ahead and
finish off this wreath actually I will
come back on at the halfway point so
that you can see what it looks like and
remember I am doing four of each usually
I do three of each but if you want to do
four you can it's just a little bit
thicker but I think it'll look really
nice actually it's definitely gonna look
nice it's gonna be really full and you
know what I can already see Christmas
with this already I know it's it's only
May but I can see Christmas already
and all the stuff you can do with this
so I do hope that you find some of this
deco mesh at your local Dollar Tree
because I know it's hard to find because
I didn't really expect to find it
okay one and two put it on those rings
push it all together and it may seem
awkward at first but it really starts to
go fast once you really get used to
working with these I think the biggest
part is cutting them out that's the
longest part this is going to look
really nice on my front door okay all
right so I'm going to go ahead and I'll
come back on when I'm halfway through
okay so I am EPI halfway mark I did the
red the white and the blue and look how
full that looks I mean this is
absolutely gorgeous and the colors are
so vibrant and so what I've been doing
is as I go along I've been kind of
pulling these out to kind of fluff
enough up you can actually pull them in
towards the middle and that makes it
even higher and really really fluffy
look at that white look how pretty that
looks and so I really wanted to kind of
have a bunch of red
bunchy white and a bunch of blue so that
I can kind of control the color so now
I'm going to go ahead and do another red
white and blue on this side but I wanted
to come and let you see what the halfway
mark looks like as I was going along I
just said let me go ahead and tuck this
in I used the red chenille stem on the
white because I didn't have any white
and so it worked out perfect because you
could still hardly see it but even if
you could see it it's still in that same
color scheme so I am really loving this
at the halfway point still not sure if
I'm going to add more decorations to it
because it looks really really good
I hope it looks just as good on camera
as it does on in person so
I'm gonna go ahead and finish this off
and I will be right back to show you
what it looks like okay my wreath is all
done and I'm so happy with the way it
turned out
look at that just really really pretty
and so now I thought about putting the
hats on and just didn't think it really
these hats here I was gonna just go
ahead and kind of tuck them in somewhere
around here I wasn't sure if I should
tuck them in between where the color is
you know this wreath is really tight so
I would actually cut this string off is
just kind of looking to see would it be
worth putting the hat on there and I
really I would actually cut the string
in the middle Lucy so it's got this
plastic string there or elastic string
and then I could just pull it toward the
back like really tuck it in there but
then when I saw it I was like mmm I'm
really not not too keen on it I'm just
I'm just not sure now tomorrow when I
look at it I might change my mind and
added it but the wreath looks so good
okay so here's the white one and I
thought about maybe adding a white one
in there but it would have probably come
in between one of the colors here maybe
something like that maybe and I can
always go back and just adding it add it
in it's gonna go on my front door so I
may feel like tomorrow oh it needs
something else but I really like the
shine to it I really like the way it
looks so you can add the hats into
several areas or I'll just use these
hats for another project
let's see put one in there and I would
tie these and I'm just kind of setting
it up just to kind of get a good look
put one over here this wreath is really
tight I mean it's just you can't do much
of anything with it well met anything
else with it it's it's got it's actually
took 36 of those bundles to get this
wreath as full as it is right now and so
I ended up using let's see I ended up
using two and a half rolls of each color
so to what I have rolls on each color
and I will make sure I list that below
all so I ended up kind of fluffing it
out even more so it's really puffy let
me just let you see what it looks like
from the side it's really fluffy on
there yep so it's pretty thick so if you
have like a screen door just reading do
I might not close if you're gonna put
this on your front door and that's what
the back looks like I tucked everything
and all chenille stems are tucked in and
I'm really happy with the way this looks
this is the mold so pretty now another
thing I was thinking of doing is taking
that wind chime and so I removed the
Bell I could always put it right back on
if I don't use it for this but then I
can put this somewhere on here so I'm
not sure yet I'm just not sure I really
like the wreath the way it is you just
have to go with what you like and but
this is just another idea and if I was
to do that I can take a string put it
here put it here and just kind of tie it
around the back so that's just one of
the other things you can do I don't know
if it would really fit
in the middle here that could be another
option possibly just to kind of just
once you find your top area just kind of
make it have it right in the middle so
let's comment below let me know what you
think should it go in the middle should
go off to the side do you think I should
include the hats I don't know right now
I like it without anything I'm kind of
liking it with this star right now I
like it with nothing on it so tomorrow I
may end up changing my mind but for now
I hope this inspires you and gave you
some type of idea when you make your
read I hope this tutorial is easy enough
for you to follow I always try to make
my tutorials really simple and so that
so that you can learn so that's my main
objective is for you to learn in a
really simple way so thank you so much
for joining me I do hope you are
inspired don't forget to subscribe if
you want to join our crafty family like
this video and I'll see you real soon
bye
[Music]