hi guys today I'm reviewing the
cuisinart round classic waffle maker the
housing is brushed stainless steel it
measures 10 inches long and eight inches
across it's very compact it also stands
on end for storage they're rubber feed
to keep it from moving around on your
counter the cord wraps around the bottom
for storage an instruction manual with
recipes is included this unit bakes one
waffle at a time the round cooking
plates are nonstick there are five
settings for browning from light to deep
brown there's a red indicator light that
comes on when the unit is heating up and
the green light that comes on when the
unit is ready to use as well as when the
waffle is cooked the lid is weighted so
it shouldn't rise when the waffle is
cooking I'll make a few waffles to test
this unit before you make a waffle wipe
the plates with a little bit of oil I
only do this before making the first
waffle close the lid I'm going to use
the for setting to make my waffles plug
in the machine the light will be red and
will turn green once the unit is heated
up now the batter is really the most
important part of making the waffle I
found it as best to use a thick batter
I have tried using a thin batter and
maybe poured a little too much and it
did leak out the sides the right amount
of batter is a bit less than half a cup
you'll figure out what the right amount
is after a few tries because it really
depends on the batter there's a basic
waffle recipe in the manual which works
pretty well I find it's best to pour
your batter into a measuring cup so it's
easy with the spout to pour into the
waffle maker the stainless steel part of
the waffle maker does get hot so be
careful not to touch it the black parts
do stay cool after a few minutes the
light has turned green which means the
unit is hot open the lid the handle is
cool enough to hold pour the batter
right in the center
and close the lid
the light will turn right again when the
waffle is cooked through the light will
turn green that's how you know that the
waffle is right don't open the lid and
check to see if it's done because you'll
have a sticky mess wait for the green
light and open the lid slowly especially
when you use this the first time always
look at the sides of the waffle maker
and you'll be able to tell if it's
completely cooked the green light has
come on that means the waffle is ready
open the lid slowly use a nonstick save
tool to remove the waffle you can see
both sides of the waffle are nicely
cooked close the lid and wait for the
light to turn green again the unit gets
hot very quickly
the waffle measures about seven inches
across and it is about a half engine
thickness there are four sections so
it's easy to pull apart or cut it's
crispy on the outside and soft on the
inside it tastes really good I like to
place my waffles on some foil and keep
it warm at a 200 degree oven until all
of them are baked really a beautiful
waffle when I remove my waffle the
second time the light stayed green so I
can just go ahead and make another
waffle
I poured a little bit too much batter
and some of it's coming out the side
when you pour the batter if it's not
completely even you can use a nonstick
spatula just to smooth it out and then
cover the lid when you open the lid
sometimes there is a lot of steam so you
have to be careful I've used up half my
batter and I have five waffles so far
these waffles are great with some pure
maple syrup after you eat these fresh
waffles it's going to be really hard to
go back to the frozen cardboard waffles
the one thing I don't like about the
waffle maker is this smell I've already
used this unit about four times and
usually the plastic smell of nonstick
products go away after a few uses but
this unit still has a plasticky smell
and that might bother some people
however the waffle doesn't smell and the
taste is not affected overall the
cuisinart waffle maker makes perfect
waffles very quickly you can make savory
waffles standard waffles for breakfast
or dessert waffles with the cream and
chocolate sauce bananas candied nuts
fresh fruit or anything else you'd like
you can also make waffles ahead of time
and freeze them so you can just heat
them up for a quick breakfast the link
to the poison out waffle maker is in the
description below I hope you found this
review useful please subscribe and
thanks for watching