horns up and welcome to a brand new
episode of head bangers kitchen it's
Indian food week here on HK and today
I've got a recipe that's going to
delight the vegetarians and the vegans
it's going to fill their heart with joy
because there will be no eggs in it and
I will not get comments like can I make
this without eggs because there are no
eggs involved anyway all jokes aside
today we're making a delicious crunchy
fried snack we're making good curry
bindi and if you're wondering what in
the world is that well
Kukui bindi is basically deep fried okra
and it's a staple in Indian cuisine it
is absolutely delicious
it's a great snack or with your main
course and you know what enough
jibber-jabber for me let's go and make
it so the first thing I'm going to do is
wash and thoroughly dry the okra because
okra and water are not friends at all
the next thing I'm going to do is cut
the okra now and what I'm gonna do is
chop off the top and the end of the okra
then cut it in half and remove the seeds
with my fingers we don't really want the
seeds for this recipe and then I'm going
to cut the okra into thin Julianne's now
you can cut the okra any which way you
like this is the way it's best for this
recipe in my opinion if you want longer
strips you don't need to cut the okra in
half but I find this much easier to
manage so cut the okra in half remove
the seeds and then find Julian's of the
okra now I'm also going to cut a few of
them and leave them in halves I have
seen a few recipes where it is done like
this so I want to try a few this way so
just cut the top the bottom and then
slice it right down the middle and we're
going to fry it as it is with seeds and
all this is going to be the second kind
of
now I'm going to season the okra with
some salt some red chilli powder some
turmeric a little bit of garam masala
powder some cumin powder and a squeeze
of lime juice and then give it all gold
mix now we're going to deep fry the okra
and I'm using ghee mixed with olive oil
mixed with bacon fat to fry the okra in
I'm going to put in one piece just to
check if the oil is hot enough and as
you can see my oil is not hot enough
once the okra rises to the surface and
starts floating atop the oil and
deep-frying itself that's when you know
the oil is hot enough so we're gonna now
deep fry this okra put that spiced okra
into the hot oil and let it fry now this
is going to take a bit of time maybe
four to even five minutes you don't want
the oil to be too hot because then the
okra will burn and not get crispy so
medium heat is good enough fry that okra
and once you see some colors start to
show on it and it looks like it's crispy
you want to take it out with a slotted
spoon and of course drain it on some
paper towels even if you want the fat
and then I'm going to fry some more of
the okra because well I have to fry it
in two batches you do not want to crowd
the deep fryer because well that's just
not a good thing to do
and the reason is if you put too much
stuff in a deep fryer the temperature of
the oil will drop quite a bit and we
don't want that so anyway fry it in two
batches three if you need to and that
part of frying the okra is done now I'm
going to fry the thicker pieces of the
okra the ones that look
nice big french fries okay fries
actually now these will probably take a
bit more time to cook because they are
bigger pieces thicker pieces fatter
pieces and just let them fry and once
they are ready take them out of the
fryer and that's it my friends a fried
okra or cuckoo bhindi as we call it in
India is ready and even though it looks
like a bunch of twigs trust me I think
they're going to be delicious anyway
enough jibber-jabber let's go and taste
alright folks so it's time to taste the
fried okra and it looks delicious well
actually let's be honest it looks like
twigs but you know what it's the taste
that matters mmm yummy crunchy salty
flavorful hmm and you get that very
distinct taste of ghee because I fried
it in ghee mixed with a little bit of
bacon fat mixed with a little bit of
olive oil let's try the fatter ones now
which look a little more nice okay so I
think I think I might like these fatter
ones better because one you're not
wasting the seeds you're not wasting any
of the insides and it's actually got a
bit of a meteor taste and it's got a bit
of a chew to it whereas the thinner ones
are literally like all crunch
so the vegetarians the vegans even the
meat lovers you are all gonna really
enjoy this this is a great snack it's a
wonderful crunchy thing that you can
snack on in the evening or whenever you
want you know it's a great party snack
as well and then okra is delicious
anyway enough jibber-jabber for me I
will see you on the next episode of
headbangers kitchen Cheers
and keep cooking you know this is the
first time that I have ever made deep
fried okra at home and halfway through
the recipe I was so sure that this was
going to fail and be a disaster but just
my luck it's perfect