have you ever wondered how nut milk is
actually made today I'm going to show
you how you can make your own delicious
and nutritious nut milk from cashews
hi I'm dr. Christiansen and welcome to
my kitchen today I'm going to show you
how easy to easy it is to make your own
delicious nut milk using the cashews and
so these are some cashews that we bought
about a year ago and what we do would we
buy nuts as we put them in the in the
the canning jars and we use the the
seal-a-meal attachment that comes with
this and so when we we make nuts or when
we can nuts they are going to be nice
and fresh and so you can hear that the
vacuum seal we've had nuts that we've
stored for for an excess of five years
and they're still as fresh as can be and
so to make a quart of
cashew milk for those that aren't going
to be using Marian and the problem with
with dairy these days is is the quality
the pasteurization the homogenous Asian
processes and the the hormones and
things they put in milk really makes it
a an unhealthy food if you do have
access to to raw milk from a from a you
know a real cow that that you know is
owned by friends or something then by
all means
I do support raw milk however the
quality is not there and so in the case
of our family if we don't have a good
source our source moved out of state and
so we don't have that anymore so we've
been making our own cashew milk and the
way that I that I do this is I'm going
to use a half a cup of of the cashews to
make a quart of milk and so so I look at
that I'm going to use the Blendtec
blender I really like blend text because
they they work so good and they're so so
thorough and so to my initial blending I
use I use a half a cup of the cashews
I've got my berkey water filter here
that we use I'm going to use about a cup
of water there and I look at the
measurements on the side to tell me what
I need and then I just simply
blend this for about 30 seconds I use
the smoothie setting on on the on the
Blendtec
okay so once it's blended up good again
it was about 30 35 seconds and and and
and you can see that that it's it is
blended really really good next I'm
going to add more water I'm going to
bring it up to the four cup mark with
water we always recommend purified water
and so whether you you have a filter
system on your faucet or or you use
something like this we we want the clean
water the nice thing about this one is
we also have an attachment to filter out
the fluoride and there I brought that up
to to the four cup mark here I'm going
to add a teaspoon of of raw cane sugar
and I find that if I add a little bit of
sugar it just tastes a little bit nicer
and then just a dash of vanilla extract
this is the vanilla extract that we make
we make ourself and it's it's delicious
and I don't know if I've done a video on
that yet so I guess I've done a video on
how to make this so so look to that it's
nice to have your own vanilla I'm gonna
blend it one more time
at the same setting
okay so that that's been blended again
and and I'm done and so the nice thing I
like about the cashew milk it is so so
white and rich and creamy just just look
at that I mean it looks like it looks
like real real cows cows milk we use
this to put on cereal we use it in
cooking and if we're if we're going to
be making a white sauce and again there
you have it
cashew milk from from raw cashews
calorie wise it's about 80 calories per
cup and delicious nutritious and give it
a try