hey guys it's raining kimono and believe
it or not this is my stove top and I
cleaned it this morning how frigging
dirty this is I have been doing a bit of
research tonight the best way to clean a
glass stovetop oven and believe it or
not hydrogen peroxide and baking soda
seems to be the magic bullet I washed
this down twice this is my second pass
at it the first pass of course the photo
that I snapped didn't actually work so
here I am I'm just making this bath a
whole lot of hydrogen peroxide mixed in
with the baking soda and I went a little
too crazy with the hydrogen peroxide so
I have to put a paper towel damn around
that here in a second but it's looking
pretty crazy you let that sit for about
20 minutes again i bombed my stovetop
twice because it was really dirty and
then with the paper towel 20 minutes
later you just work it really really
carefully I'm gonna say I used about a
cup of baking soda and then quite
generous amount of hydrogen peroxide I
didn't measure it out but you know just
I went kind of crazy and then just a
little sponge I'm trying to clean that
glass top I have one element that I use
a lot and that's the one that's just
showing a lot of wear and tear so I just
thought this because I have so much
hydrogen peroxide right now I don't know
why I just thought this would be an easy
way to just really clean
my stovetop I know a lot of people say
you can clean with vinegar and lemons
and a whole bunch of other stuff but I
wanted the real deal and the hydrogen
peroxide for lots people seems to be the
thing to use and how to clean things
efficiently I did pull out a little bit
of steel wool here because there were
little spots I just could not get clean
and this really really worked with the
hydrogen peroxide baking soda mix and
yeah the great thing about Extreme
Couponing is that you have like a
lifetime supply of paper towel and as
you can see it's still kind of dirty so
I give this a lot of elbow grease um you
got a really um scrub you just can't put
that hydrogen peroxide and baking soda
and expect for it to clean you really
have to get in there and give it a lot
of elbow grease and care I used also a
bath of water
and then at the very end I used a Lysol
wipe to clean it off I would recommend
wearing gloves to do this I did this
with my bare hands so here is the before
shot man that looks really scary and you
know sometimes when you're busy
couponing and doing other stuff you
don't really have time for these deep
thorough cleaning and here is the final
product forty minutes of scrubbing and
giving it a lot of elbow grease look at
those other elements that I don't use as
much it look brand new so I'm very
pleased with this and the last thing I
did was a little bit of water and this
Lysol wipes but the star of the show was
mr. hydrogen peroxide if you want exact
measurements of the pace that I made out
of hydrogen peroxide and baking soda
please check it out in the notes thank
you so much for watching guys I'll see
you in the next one