hey guys today we're decorating turkey
cupcakes all you need is a frosted
chocolate cupcake some Fruit by the Foot
some Milano or other oval shaped cookies
some yellow and black decorating
frosting and some candy corn today we've
got Indian corn but that's just works
just fine so we're going to take our
cupcake and the first thing you want to
do is add the Milano cookies which are
going to be the head and the wings
you're going to put a little more
chocolate frosting on the edges of them
so they stick to the cupcake I'm going
to place the head just right on top in
the
middle and now for the feathers all
you're going to use is the Candy Corn we
have Indian corn here it's pretty much
the same thing all right so we've got
the base for the turkey now we're going
to go ahead and make the face so for the
beak I just use yellow decorating
frosting and we're just going to make a
upside down triangle shape for the eyes
we're just going to do two black dots
with the gel icing for the turkey gobler
we're going to use Fruit by the Foot and
any kind of red flavor the strawberry
works perfectly and you're going to roll
it up so it's a thin piece you now have
a cute little turky cupcake for
Thanksgiving
[Music]
[Music]