hey everybody Joshua Robinson here with
another edition of trick my dish here in
December we're gonna start doing some
baked stuff and I was really intrigued
by the recipe that we have this week
it's a 67 year old cheesecake recipe and
I was introduced to this recipe by my
friend Jill plants are you told how did
you get this recipe in the first place
these sort of encyclopedias were given
to me by my dad's wife now I know that
you've told me before you're not huge
into sweets aren't you no I'm not I like
savory foods but baking and sweet things
are not my forte
if I'm sending something to school I
couldn't apology note with some candy on
the side to say I'm sorry
here so what's a dessert that you do I
do love what I like is the challenge
here of taking this old recipe adding
something new and making into something
that you can enjoy with your family so
here we go we're gonna give it a shot
first and foremost you want to get the
cream cheese whipped and kind of fluffy
right off the bat it was heartbreaking
to me when you told me that this stand
mixer here you've never used it's been
here six months no one in this house has
ever used it before so hopefully some
Rolo
this guy is not moving Oh even on trick
my dish we have to fix some some stuff
maybe we won't pull this out oh don't
you can't curse us yet
now how old is this you told me that
this is Oh much better okay so now it is
especially back down it is working on
this cheese no did we burn out so first
we can't use the stand mixer and now we
blow out the engine on this hand mixer
so this is a good start see if I can get
any rabbit's foot in my car before we
continue when all else fails just go by
hand until we get it kind of fluffy make
sugar flour and salt gradually blended
it cream cheese so the goal is to get it
down to that kind of creamy smooth
consistency that what's the next step
edie eggs we're just gonna do this by
hand at first and then we'll try again
over there because we want to whip it
down - it's really smooth are they in on
the wrong side is this supposed to be
that one is that what I mean there we go
look at that I put them on the wrong
side so we're just gonna ignore that
we're gonna keep you keep going
make sure that you scrape down the sides
because you could still see a little bit
of yolk hanging out on the side there
and you want it all to be as mixed in as
possible we're gonna put the bananas in
right now we're using four bananas with
this recipe I'd like them to be really
really ripe so we're gonna mash these
bananas up look out
well that dissolves and it's just
bananas that we're grinding up here that
makes this Sutton so we're gonna just
give quick hand mix for this guy so the
perfect balance on this cream cheese
filling is going to be making sure you
have a nice strong banana flavor but you
don't lose the cheese so you can add in
more bananas if you want if you want to
add some banana extract you can just
make sure you don't lose the kind of
sour you know yeah so now that we've set
the cream cheese mixture aside we're
gonna focus on getting the actual crust
so for this one your recipe has like a
cookie a really nice tight cookie thing
I like the idea of just doing a straight
graham cracker crust so I got graham
crackers we got butter we're gonna melt
the butter together while you're doing
that I'm going to crack these graham
crackers down you put it in the plastic
bag use your rolling pin if you want or
if you're frustrated the way that you've
been dealing with all the equipment you
can just take it out like just you know
punch it why can't I figure out Kitchen
Aid mixer this literally took me 30
seconds and it's already pretty much
there so let's go ahead and add that in
here you see it's starting to naturally
clump up like that that's pretty much
your sign that it's basically basically
where you need it to be this is gonna be
kind of tough with a rolling pin so what
I kind of like to do is just get in and
use your hands you can go ahead and
scoop that guy in nice and smooth look
at that
boy that is gonna be wonderful so what
we have here is a water bath that we're
gonna actually put the cheesecake in
your recipe in this very old book said
cook it at 475 for like 15 minutes and
then reduce it down to 200 for about an
hour we both expressed a lot of concerns
that's going to burn it so what you do
instead is we're gonna lower it down to
375 maybe even 350 if we feel comforted
with that and we'll do a water bath
instead so now we're gonna do the most
important part it's the it's the sauce
so for this we need butter any brown
sugar and we need cinnamon a lot of
people use rum you can also use brandy
and orange juice we're gonna need to
also cut these bananas up when I'm
slicing the bananas for banana foster
yeah go diagonal cuz you get the best
flavor you get all that surface area on
it there we go so we've got the butter
melted brown sugar in the cinnamon
you want to go ahead and get it down to
like a syrupy consistency first and then
you add a splash of orange juice and
your rum so let's go ahead and mix in
the bananas if only you could capture
the smell of this you could either make
this right before you're gonna prepare
it so if you've had time to cool the
cheesecake you've got time to let it sit
and you have everybody pretty much ready
to go you can take this hot topping and
pour it right on top or what we're gonna
do today we're gonna cool it we just
pulled the cheesecake out of the oven
we're seeing a little bit of brown just
on the end just a little bit and a lot
of that we were kind of talking about
how it's this water bath that adds that
convection oven consistency you actually
told me that you crack your cheesecake
all the toys max there's not nothing
here so we're gonna let this cool for a
little while now we have the moment of
truth we're all very nervous gonna pop
the side off but we got it to come out
pretty well it all they released right
away we're gonna take those chunks of
the cooked Bananas Foster bananas right
in the middle here take some of this
glaze and just kind of coat and coat it
along the sides you get that kind of
rustic I like that kind of rest
mm-hmm so to wrap up this trick my
addition unfortunately as we were
transferring the Cheesecake over for a
presentation
we lost the cheesecake fell collapse
it's a mess but we did get a chance to
try it a little bit so even though we're
in the face of some unfortunate
circumstances a little bit
disappointment at the end you did get a
chance to try it tell me what were some
of your thoughts um flavor was excellent
I wouldn't take that at all okay um an
idea I could experiment with the recipe
thank you as soon as you tasted the
words to me were on a special occasion I
would make well on a day where we've had
to look for successes a little bit more
often than we would have liked I
consider that to be a huge success thank
you for inviting us into your kitchen we
can now say this cheesecake recipe has
been tricked