my name is Susan Alexander and I'm the
owner of the Vermont switchel company
which we started officially in June of
2012 my husband's family were Dairy
Farmers up in Glover and they made
switchel one day at a family gathering
and it was love immediately I just loved
everything about it I love that it was
healthy and good for you it tasted
terrific been thinking about bottling it
ever since switch Hill is interesting
because it's authentic it's something
that our ancestors drank for hundred
years it's something that we've lost
track of and people are really
interested and intrigued with
discovering things that worked that were
effective pure and simple in the old
days and bringing that kind of back um
into their diets and into their
Lifestyles I also think it's just it's a
fabulous flavor there's nothing else
like it out there in the marketplace
it's very healthy and the fact that it's
made with maple syrup natural sugars we
are sugar makers ourselves we live here
in cabat and we um have a small Sugar
Bush it's part of our aarian heritage
and we are really interested in
supporting the Vermont economy and the
working landscape you know one of the
Beauties I think of maple syrup is that
it's a resource that is so non
detrimental to the environment we don't
have to plow up new Fields every year we
are good stewards of the forest and the
forest provides us with this incredible
product so it's a very low impact uh
natural sweetener here in the Northeast
Kingdom I think that there's just a
wonderful tradition of maple sugaring
it's sort of remote and Rural up here so
we have sort of our own little unique
culture and those Maple forests provide
us with maple syrup it provides us with
a place to recreate it provides us with
a beautiful landscape it's just so much
a part of who we are in the Northeast
Kingdom I don't know what would happen
if we didn't have our maple
trees it wouldn't be the Northeast
Kingdom