[Music]
hi guys I'm getting one guest welcome to
Asian at home today I'm going to show
you the delicious warm and hot
Vietnamese noodle soup for today I'm
going to make the with the beef so
you'll be full Bowl but you can use a
chicken or if you are vegetarian you can
use vegetable broth or vegetable broth
and put some fried tofu in the mushroom
that is so good too but today I'm going
to show you the most popular one with
the beef so I'm holding water right here
because I want to blanch my oxtail first
it's the boiling water I'm going to
bring back this to the boil the amount
of our just couple minute he relaxed
already i rinsed off with a cold water
before we make the broth you need to
take up three steps blanch the oxtail
rows to the onion and ginger and toast
the spices there's reason behind why you
have to take the step black stuff still
to get rid of that the guts then we
don't need into the broth and roasting
them so we can have really really
flavorful because they give more flavor
easily to the broth to be toasting them
also for more flavor more flavor it's
all about the flavor to the broth so for
the toasting the spices we need the 1
tablespoon of coriander 5 to 6 slap star
anise this is a cardamom just to finish
this when you want this is very very
smoky kissing one of these spoon black
peppercorn 7 club you see allowing
Christmastime you decorate in your hand
1 teaspoon
cumin 1 stick of cinnamon
immediately
how you know it's done when you smell
them toasting
why is toasting I'm going to pull my
oxtail to the path and my onion and
ginger there's a soft one and
the beef two pounds of the oxtail and a
1 pounds of the B part of the chop I'm
putting this cilantro steamed into the
broth I will have a little bit really
nice the flavor or so
[Music]
Bailey Bailey will bring all the flavor
together
pour the water
remember to hold the water just roughly
can be 10 cups it can be 9 dots you can
be 11 cups depending how and flavorful
broth that you want
2 tsp salt
2 tbsp fish sauce 2 tbsp of sugar darn I
guess I should have put the bay leaf in
the tea bag too right they are all over
the place - it's ok no big and will be
covered
bring to boil
cover bring to boil reduce the heat to
medium and simmer for at least 1 hour
that is what they were looking for
when it's almost done cooking about an
hour this is rice litters a
small size very thin see our sizing
medium this is a medium this is a sham
medium right yes and the medium is small
age wide me and my husband likes to eat
with a fall and I like a large well
extra-large like really really wide one
I like that at the start fried mutters
and boil it in water and it's going to
come in and I'll show you the water
already to
disturb the new Jers and I cook about
three to five minutes depending what on
your package thing then I'm going to
drain it and raise it with the cold
water so all the extra starch go away so
we're going to have really really clear
soup not like thick and starchy noodle
soup start out really very darker and
whenever you see the dirty the foam
coming off and little extra the blood
coming off from the me you just skim it
all the things up
so while those are getting ready was
just green onion
some cilantro
just wanna pick the leaf up I
like lots of cilantro in in some red
onion you can shout out of course
just do this right
and
the red chilies
reduce
and my bean sprout
Asian basil
do some line
against the grain so they will hold
their shape at well the meat will be
extra tender to
some green onion and
some red onions
cilantro
and put a broth
over the noodles and the meat to the
pole
smells so good when I was visiting my
family in Seattle Washington there's
poncho Vietnamese pho restaurant like
this is not fair
[Music]
whenever the broth is hard you wanna put
bean sprouts so bean sprouts will cook
in and
as you wish from here you can eat just
like this because the big crowd is
already seasoned well so you can eat
just like this no seasons or what what
I'd like to do is put some
city - a hoisin sauce on the side
some chili garlic sauce if you like
spicy dancing die basil leaf chili and
me eating and everything stops this is
my favorite part
mmm
who made this
oh
my god
my style haha so delicious hot bowl of
the noodle soup
there's a happiness right there thank
you for watching me today and remember
you can always put Asian food at your
house making it easy and fun and some
your longest and this is Asian at home
thank you for watching me today and I
will see you next time bye
[Laughter]
and I'm eating but my mouth is still
watering
right I'm making next to bite