have an iced tea for you and for me
[Music]
rizona that doesn't look like tea at all
this looks fancy white cheese meant to
be like real good for you as well guys
we can leave we can see there's a pair
there as well
okay so underlayer is not as fancy
smelling yogurt oh well yeah it's grunt
not as flavorsome as i thought it was
good it doesn't really taste like tea
when you're an issue drinking it but
then after Texas tea blueberry I can
smell the very really I'm not really
getting the Perrineau you taste is that
pear
I'm to taste pear now do you say I taste
pear more than blueberry you couldn't
drink this with alcohol it's not a good
mixer cuz you would taste the alcohol I
could definitely imagine mixing this
with vodka that's good I like this
that's really nice it's neither 15 or
juicy it's just not okay that does not
look at this one looks like a bad sample
lemons pretty classic flavor yeah
doesn't really show mmm refreshing it
smells like the ground oh that's really
that's very just tea
this is the I see I've tried before and
it actually does kind of tastes like tea
it is like the tea that's been left
there for too long tastes like nothing
yeah but it didn't taste as bad as I was
expecting yeah no no no no it's not
terrible hey be nice born what a bit of
Milken yeah I taste a little tinge of
lemon but just feels like I've done tea
wrong it's one of those ones that you'd
leave on the table for a while and you'd
come back and they'd be just a drained
wasp in it I don't like that it tastes
like it's been dead for a week berry tea
tea
I like the bottle it's funky the bottle
looks cheap Oh lifted this way pal
Lipton sounds like a book whose name I
use girls bathroom yeah that's very
raspberry I'll have to Mel's amazing
mm-hmm yeah totally
that's really nice that's really good
yeah oh that's really nice and again
this one doesn't taste like teen this is
one that you sip on your porch fruity
tea that's nice that's actually really
nice it's like a nice juice drink lives
up to name and smell it's good you feel
healthier drinking this stuff yeah I
think I'm getting the shakes
yeah this one's in a bottle guys it does
have a fact are you guys facts facts
facts facts push back the mood a man
goes up noses
it smells like yummy pissy I love peach
peach is really really nice I quite like
it yeah that was horrible but like wow
that's a lot of sugar it's very
flavorful I like it but it's like it's
not a bad day is this weird double damn
summer day in Georgia now that we've had
a selection of iced tea what do you
think I thought they were terrific
[Music]