hello everyone and welcome back to
another video today I have a Honda
Accord with a driver's window that will
not move up and down as you can see it
moves a little bit but it won't fully
open or close and it's got about a half
inch here that it won't close completely
as you can hear the motor is still
working which is a good sign that the
motor is fine
more than likely what has failed in here
is the regulator assembly I'm going to
take the door panel off show you the old
one show you the new one show you what
failed and how you can do this yourself
and save some money now the number one
mistake that I have seen people make and
that I've made myself when taking door
panels off is not removing all the
retainers and then forcing the panel off
and breaking it make sure you have a
couple tools handy a lot of times all
you need is a few screwdrivers to get
the door panel off sometimes you'll need
some eight and ten millimeter sockets
but generally all you need are
screwdrivers and in the case of this
Honda Accord we have one screw hidden
behind this little panel here actually
there are two screws another screw down
here by the grab handle and remove the
little mirror access plate now comes the
tricky part and the part where stuff
usually breaks you can use screwdrivers
but what I found works even better is
the low plastic trim remover tool like
this here you can get these at any auto
parts store any tool store they'll have
them and basically what you're going to
want to do is slide the tool in between
the frame of the door and the door panel
and pull out this is gonna loosen up on
the little push pits that hold the door
panels in place you'll be able to the
door panel once the door panel is off
far enough that you can use your fingers
you can do just that easier one thing to
remember is always start at the bottom
because on most door panels the door
panel hangs from the top here on the
door frame if you try to pull it off
from the top
first you're going to damage the door
panel and without too much trouble
off it comes you'll have to disconnect
the cable going to the door handle but
it's usually pretty simple just be
careful to not break the brittle and
probably very thin and breakable plastic
pieces don't forget to disconnect the
wiring and there you have it the door
panel is free now for these little
plastic white clips breaks or falls off
don't worry you can get replacement
clips at your local auto parts store
most of them have them in stock and they
simply snap back on this plastic that
you see on here is called the weather
shield it helps keep moisture outside of
the vehicle and also helps with noise a
little bit but it's more so for keeping
moisture out this simply just pulls off
the vehicle a lot of times you will be
able to reuse this but in some extreme
cases you may not be able to now that
we've gotten the door panel off and the
weather shield out of the way you're
probably wondering look at all these
bolts which bolts do I take off and
that's where it comes in really handy to
take your new window regulator as you
see right here hold it up to the door
panel and compare to where the screws
line up as you can see we've got three
screws here most likely for the motor
and then we have another two screws over
here
which are most likely for the regulator
so there's two here two down here and
three for the motor most likely these
are the seven screws which have to come
out to release the old regulator and put
the new one in one last thing you need
to be aware of the window actually bolts
to the regulator assembly as you can see
here there are two openings in the
regulator where two ten millimeter bolts
secure the window to this regulator
bracket that moves up and down the only
problem is the window isn't moving
so we can't move the window to get the
little bolts to line up with these holes
to take the bolts out and detach the
regulator from the window so we'll have
to take the regulator and motor bolts
out
but not all of them this one here as you
can see will have to remove completely
however the one next to it to the right
this one only has to be loosened
partially once these have been loosened
partially the regulator and motor can be
shifted to the side and slid out these
bolts actually help hold the new one in
place as well when you install your new
regulator and motor make sure to install
these bolts partially so they'll help
hold it in place but if you still cannot
maneuver the window around enough to get
to the bolt to release the window from
the regulator and this is what's going
on with this vehicle right now this is
when it's really nice to have one of
these ratcheting wrenches you can sneak
it behind the door here and get on that
ten millimeter bolt and loosen it up and
remove the window from the regulator
once you've got the glass loose it just
slides right out disconnect the wiring
from the old motor and finally out comes
the old regulator and as you can see it
was the cable the cable began to unravel
itself as you can see here on the track
and it's almost completely broken down
in here that's why the window was no
longer going up and down now the
installation procedure is pretty much
the opposite of what you did to get the
old one out don't forget to take your
three screws that you left behind on the
old motor and regulator and thread them
back into the same openings on the motor
end regulator to hold it in place during
the reinstallation then install the
remaining bolts onto the regulator and
the motor once you've got all the bolts
started go ahead and tighten them up by
hand you want to make sure that
initially you're only putting them in
loosely so you can move the regulator
around and adjust it as needed but once
it's all lined up tighten them down
don't forget to plug the connector into
the motor most new window regulators as
you see in this case right here have the
holes for the window glass lined up with
the holes in the door panel to tighten
them up but if they're not you can
always plug in the window switches on
the door panel and adjust the regulator
accordingly to get it to line up now
because of all the grease from the
regulator and the cables and everything
getting the window out as you can see in
the light here you're probably gonna
have a lot of dirt grease and
fingerprints on the window it's a good
idea to clean this before you put it
back in the car and the reason being is
if you put it back in now any grease is
going to get on the window seals and as
the window moves up and down that grease
is going to get in those seals and then
every time you open and close the window
it's going to recoat the glass with
grease so before you put this window
back in the car take some cleaner and
clean the glass up make it nice and
pretty get all that grease off then very
carefully
reinstall the glass once the glass is
installed you'll see that the regulator
lines up with the little holes down here
all you have to do is take your two ten
millimeter screws which you took out
earlier Andry secure the window to the
regulator most of the times you can
reuse a weather seal and the adhesive
just do your best to get it to stick
back on there where it was before
reconnect all the wires to the window
and lock switches make sure the lock rod
over here lines up with a little hole in
the door panel just like so and then
just hang the door panel from the door
for now now before you finish up
completely Andrey secure the panel to
the car turn the car on and make sure
the window works
looks good now you can reinstall the
three screws on the door panel and push
all the pushpins back into place and
make sure that the door panel is secured
properly now there's one more thing you
need to do before you give the vehicle
back to the owner make sure that
everything here works make sure the door
locks work the windows work the power
mirrors work everything works you have
no idea how many times I've seen people
do work on door panels and windows and
different things like that and they
don't bother to check to make sure all
this stuff works and a lot of times
they've forgotten to plug wire in in
this case we know everything's working
everything looks good so this vehicle is
good to go back to the owner so there
you have it everyone that is how you
replace a defective window regulator in
your car obviously there are all
different types of these things a lot of
the cheaper ones use cables some of the
more reliable ones such as the window
regulators in this excursion have
mechanical linkages with no cables and
they're usually much more reliable but
these parts aren't too expensive to get
and as I said earlier the job can be
done by you if you have some very basic
hand tools like you see on the ground
there I hope you guys found this video
helpful and interesting give it a thumbs
up if you did and don't forget to
subscribe if you haven't already as I'll
have more how to fix it videos coming
soon see you guys in the next video