oh I'm going to show you how to get
paint I suppose so I just
okay look like so now I'm thinking about
changing that
Thank You red cocktail to the birthday
happy paper loaded so I watch the video
YouTube is how to get it out it's even
the way to get that we kind of see this
big statement here this is a new not of
type 8 is for real this is some Medicaid
ballot powder that are used to get it
out so i brush it all of it will come
out I want to show you this bit how to
do it don't you so if you take your
shirt or we're going to be the clown you
can take up these paper pack or a little
bit I have a bag here and like I said I
make a poop lets it all out there in the
basket this is what the bag and it's
actually you really should use a bag so
fabric keeps X being in a place like you
can receive that internet but
realistically right so when you just
place it under linking the panel I have
tape on the show so I'm just going to
show you how to put this on here so yeah
so what you're going to need is a little
cloth now posh remover if you have you
can use iconography if you want to you
can use some man colors make a go at the
RDL we here and we just stain but okay
when you wash it
okay so if you start so take your cloth
put your possible drug or alcohol
we just fine I believe these blocks at
but are calling my pleasure has a
acetone it just you're going to eat
little spot where that thing is my
polish rule a recall this will disclose
all so there's the start and then we're
going to take the claw and then press it
really hard but there because it's hard
to get all the different remove it up
onto this this one I'm going to put some
warm Natasha will vary tau so you can
wet a bit more video I put this powder
if you want to use colors just what you
know if you started if you distain sleep
better when you have to wash it but you
know for what I'll use to wash it
anyways because of you have to get all
that acetone as close as you want it to
smell a capital so then we will take
your crop to work with it it's going to
come up the Middle Ages this is a work
with it and once you start seeing color
over the paint that's when it's starting
to come out it's not like the paint's
not going to come off like scan so it's
going to come out now I'm just working
on to lose shape
CCleaner people to work from this off
there over put service peril
and that kind of help and then like
soaking all over tightening filter paper
the top of the Patsy I'm going to try my
best to get it out I don't like good to
cook your face where you start to be and
inhale air itself gets the invitation
nasty
now listen built this for our country
so Edison so you spit upward a whole
bunch of UK pathologist and just like
dab it and I start to see the color
I'm starting to see like the shirt color
graphic paint no more in that good the
bath people beauty and we still have we
can't really tell and called it self is
one of the make a powder
you love those all out politically give
them come out but it's like dried up
this way that a year ago dried paint but
what kind of does that really look at I
can't see good so I got the whole first
line other than the bat it's just this
big thing that I have to get it right
everything else is out all you see is
like some flex from the palliative
snacks it but that's holiday everything
else is Talent
so I'm just going to make a precaution
and then just create this out trying to
get this out real quick
baby really quick okay I happen and I
have time to sit here and work on this
all day so I'm just going to put a whole
crapload of got the whole take you're
going for this one
attention staff so this could be
reticular possible way for someone and
then I pattern it to load it looks like
speaking welcome to the right cheese
because of the result of them will even
tried to target package playing guys my
shirt is what did I just do getting your
puppet in the washer and make my
question and then it'll be done in you
see this part here and it's my page tip
it's just moaning
not only that one yeah
[Music]
[Music]
I'm not sure you are going