[Music]
hello this is Chef John from
foodwishes.com with broccoli salad so
simple so refreshing so delicious and I
hear although I'm no expert I hear it's
good for you so here's how I put this
together we're going to take a pound and
a half of fresh broccoli I like to cut
just a little end off there usually it's
kind of a little dry and ugly we're
going to cut the stem in
quarters and then very important when
you cut the tops of broccoli turn it
this way and go right down the middle
and then in quarters don't worry what
the tops look like you got to get the
stems even cuz that's what you need to
cook evenly so there we go so it's all
separated like I said the stems you want
sort of uniform the tops does not matter
we're going to take a large pot of
boiling salted water and I'm going to
boil those for about 5 to 6 minutes
results May Vary all right so you got to
kind of play it by ear take a little par
knife when the stem are just St starting
to get tender there's still a little
resistance there they're not soft
they're still just a little bit firm
we're going to take those out put them
in some very cold water I don't waste my
ice when I do blanch vegetables very
cold water works in a restaurant with a
ice machine sure go ahead throw a scoop
of ice in there but at home save the ice
for the cocktails all right when we
drain these we're going to put the
flower side down so the water runs out
if you just put them any old way those
heads are kind of like sponges they
really trap the water so I like to drain
them like that set that aside make sure
they drain at least a half hour the
dressing so simple lots of garlic fresh
lemon juice rice vinegar some salt
little bit of pepper I know what your
think's coming next Cayenne wrong red
chili flakes little bit of Dijon we're
going to whisk that up and then we're
going to drizzle in some olive oil all
the amounts will be on the site make
sure you get those critical measurements
okay you're going to whisk in your oil
and you're going to have a beautiful
emulsified dressing you know the drill
very slow at first once it starts to
come together and thickens then you can
add a little quicker my broccoli is
drained very well drained wet broccoli
no good we're going to toss that with
our dressing now here's the trick the
florettes really will soak up that
dressing so you want to make sure it's
all evenly mixed so I give it a toss I
let it sit for five minutes and then I
toss it again
now it's perfect to serve like this in
fact it's beautiful serve like this or
you can refrigerate for up to half hour
hour max otherwise it starts to break
down this is not something you want to
marinate and you know leave in the
fridge forever so toss it relatively
close to when you're going to eat and
you will be happy I kind of put my
fettes around in a little circle I put
the stems in the middle that's my
presentation get your own or use mine
you'll notice I'm in the window here the
sun was going in and out of the clouds
so that's why uh you get that light
effect here it's all part of the show I
like to finish with a little red chili
flake and there you go cold broccoli
salad with a spicy lemon garlic dressing
incredibly simple amazing side dish for
all your summer barbecues or cookouts or
whatever I hope you give that a try all
the ingredients around the site and as
always enjoy