hi my name is Genesis Imani corn again
and we're gonna be telling you about the
seven fun facts about the amethyst first
one factors at the crystal it represents
the silent of wisdom the next one's
perfect
is that it's one of the twelve
foundation stones foundational stones
number three number three is a part of
the quartz crystal family a fourth one
is if there are it varies in color
from light to dark purple
the Hebrew word for amethyst is a llama
which means dream and it represents and
it and it represents beauty gentleness
and what's the last 7 5 factor this
factor that it's my dad's there's my
dad's first okay so now what we gonna be
doing is what want to cleanse it okay so
when you first buy it you want to
cleanse all the negative energy from
everybody going into the store and just
touching it I saw what you want to do is
you want to get warm water we using some
alkaline water and some kosher salt salt
kosher salt yeah course is so dear so
you put it in your palm your here
alright get the soap was been sitting
and get the water it's been sitting in
salt water and then you rub it in rub
you both hands and then what else did we
do the last time we did this so you do
is just rub it in with soft water and
your palm and then we also Dan what we
want to do we want to energize it so
after we do that sit back and saltwater
floors we're putting in your hand so we
could show your hand palm all right
there you go
so after we cleanse all the negative
energy off now we want to set it in the
window so I can get energized by the
moon and then we also gonna energize it
by the Sun so when we come back from
school tomorrow you to have both moon
energizing and Sun energizing then what
we're gonna do is we're going to take it
we gonna place in their room that you
also wanted to speak Allah speak all the
feel positive positive energy
some of the negative no that's negative
cuz it's gonna clear out the name so you
want to speak all positive energy well
if you was to speak the negative energy
to it you would have to take it and
cleanse it and wash it so after you
let's say you put all the negative in it
you wanna watch the cleansing and then
we re-energize it but right now we only
going to speak positive because that's
what you're gonna be sleeping with this
is called the crystal side of wisdom
because it encouraged people to stop and
think about your purpose in life and
it's great for you to sleep with so
she's gonna be sleeping with that and
it's also one of the crown chakra
crystals right for the crown and a third
eye okay so that's it so next we're
gonna be putting it in the window we'll
be putting it in the window