[Music]
hi guys welcome back again to my kitchen
and to my channel this is a requested
recipe I'm going to show you how I make
a fast and easy live out with lots of
onion let me show you how I do this
recipe fast easy simple let's go again
you can very broad you
[Music]
now I have my liver here you want to
make sure that your liver is nice and
clean you want to take off the excess
strip off of it sometimes you buy it in
the supermarket already done sometimes
not make sure you check your liver to
make sure that it's clean thoroughly you
won't go ahead and cut it up and
whatever size that you want to cut it in
and then you want to go ahead and wash
it off real good with lemon juice and
vinegar
make sure say it nice and clean and
you're ready to cook what we're going to
be adding to this recipe tonnes of onion
of course I have an extra large on-hand
then I cut this way don't chop chop it
up you want to cut it go and be in big
sizes basically now I'm gonna add a
scotch bonnet pepper to it I'm gonna
have some time and ferment a seed fresh
garlic right there and one large bell
pepper sweet pepper way you wanna call
it I'm using the orange one your screen
whatever color you choose to use fine no
problem
and I'm gonna add my episode of vinegar
to spice it up a notch I'm gonna use me
Jamaican a purpose seasoning salt and
black pepper add some butter to it and
to kick it up a notch I'm gonna add some
ketchup now if you don't use ketchup use
tomato paste you don't wanna use tomato
paste you use spaghetti sauce come on
let's get started
now I have my liver there which has been
nice and clean wash it with the lemon
juice and the vinegar and you're good to
go
to that I'm gonna add our purpose
seasoning salt and black pepper and all
the ingredients will be listed down
below vinegar goes in I'm gonna add some
of that garlic to it and there we clean
and we're gonna go ahead and mix this in
I'm gonna let this sit for about half an
hour and then I move on to my next step
now it's been half an hour since I've
been marinating my meat I have my all on
the fire right there
and so vegetable oil you could use
whatever oil that you want to use make
sure you find a part media beat gonna go
ahead and add my liver and now I'm going
to go ahead and add my spices in but add
the rest of the garlic and my bell
peppers go in for men to seed fresh
thyme if you have dried thyme to use it
as well
on the influence no this is my hot
pepper you could either cut it put it in
there because now we're gonna cover this
up alright are we gonna cover this up
for about 15 minutes now it doesn't take
long to cook liver because a lot of you
cook liver it's gonna get tough so I'm
gonna come back here in about 15 minutes
and see how far this has gotten it
should take about half an hour to get
complete so I'm gonna go ahead and cover
this up and I'll come back 50 minutes
fires on medium heat and then we'll see
where this is gone
now after 15 minutes that is what your
liver is going to look like this is the
perfect time to give it your taste test
to see if you need anything extra add
more water to it because the liver is
going to produce all that natural juice
that you need to make it in flavorful
I'm just gonna go ahead and add just a
little bit more black pepper not much
top it off with some parsley fresh
parsley dry parsley it's okay I'm gonna
go ahead and cover it up back another 15
minutes and I'm good I'll be right back
in 15 minutes now after 15 medium eat
your liver is all done perfect gonna go
ahead and shut that off and put this pan
up clear there you have it guys all done
liver into my kitchen fast easy and
simple don't forget to Like share thumbs
up let me know I think I've seen people
mix in my kitchen and as always for my
Kitchen to your kitchen and joy
I'm going to let this cook for a good 30
minutes on medium heat how many top
knives that make it simmer
I will it don't simmer a task for eat
[Music]
disappear foundation full coverage you
know like yeah and last but not least
the last thing I tend to go for in my
makeup collection is this palette right
here let me show you what this thing
look like it has a whole bunch of
concealer I believe it's ten dollars for
this palette