[Music]
hi guys I'm Laura Bally and on this
episode of lini kitchen I want to show
you how to make my caramelized onion
Burgers they absolutely couldn't be
easier to do but it's really a match
made in Food Heaven we're going to keep
the burger super juicy we're going to
caramelize the onions to Perfection tap
it with some fresh to tomatoes and some
crisp lettuce a good little mayo just
just trust me on this one it's going to
be delicious let me take you over some
of the ingredients so we can get started
you're going to need some ground beef
you're going to need some two yellow
onions large that I've sliced you
probably could get away with just one
large one I've got some salt-free steak
seasoning worserer sauce salt and pepper
olive oil big hand of parsley some
garlic you're going to need some
unsalted butter and just a few
additional ingredients back there which
I'll talk about when the time comes but
for now
let's turn this baby on cuz we're going
to get started on the onions first to
the butter I'm going to add a little bit
of olive oil the butter gives you a
buttery flavor that goes really well
with the sweet onions but the olive oil
has higher um a higher smoking
temperature so a higher cooking
temperature so it's not going to burn
really quickly and both of the flavors
together are pretty fantastic now if you
can find one of those really giant
Yellow onions you probably could just
get away with one but you know mine were
regular sort of large yellow onions so I
use two
and I'm making eight smaller Burgers
today rather than four or six big ones
um just because that's just how I feel
like making it today just melting the
butter and then we'll add in our
onions that looks good all right I'm
just going to add the onions in right
away I've got my heat on about medium
high I'm going to eventually turn it
down a bit but this is looking good for
now I'm going to season this with some
salt and pepper and I'm also going to
add in just a small small Pinch of Sugar
not a lot about a teaspoon it really
helps caramelize the onions better and
bring out their natural sweetness that's
why I like to add it we can certainly
leave it out if you want to but just a
little teaspoon isn't going to hurt
anyone just give this a good stir and
break up the onions as best as you can I
kind of cut them into half moon pieces
and just using my wooden spoon I'm just
separating them as much as
possible all right these are looking
good now what I'm going to do because I
need space on this um stove top here I'm
going to move my onions to the back soap
and I'm going to let them cook for about
10 minutes on about medium heat turn the
heat down just a bit until they've got
nice caramelized color I'm going to
constantly check on them I'm just going
to pop them in the back bring my grill
pan over and start making our
Burgers so when my onions are going
we're going to get going on the burgers
the first thing I'm going to do is I'm
going to chop really well my onions and
my parsley not my onions my garlic and
my parsley just chop it as best as you
can you can also grate the garlic if you
want to but I'm just going to chop it
all
up that looks good enough just going to
bring my bowl close to me put that right
in there now when you are buying ground
beef try to get you know grass-fed a
good quality but most importantly when
you're making Burgers my favorite sort
of very um my sort of mixture is 85%
lean which I like to use a nicer loin
15% fat and to me Chuck is perfect so
there's just enough fat to keep it moist
but it's still pretty lean so it's not
overpowering and sort of almost gy a
little bit so it's perfect balance in my
opinion but you can use whatever mixture
of ground beef you prefer to that I'm
going to add in my steak
seasoning my wierer sauce we werer you
say tomato you say tomato however you
pronounce it now when you're using any
kind of pre packaged blend like I'm
using the steak steak seasoning always
buy saltree because there's so much salt
in pre-season you know packages that by
the time you add enough seasoning to
actually taste it you will have overs
salted your dish absolutely so you don't
want to do that now I'm going to add in
my ground beef and I'm just going to mix
everything with my hands I want to do
this kind of quickly because I don't
want to compact the meat too much
otherwise it's going to get the burgers
are going to come out like super you
know heavy and dense so just work
quickly all right that looks good now
I'm going to score this in half and out
of each half I'm going to get four
Burgers cuz again I'm making them kind
of on the smaller side
so just going to put it in my hand and
then flatten them and then make a little
indentation in the center because what
happens is when you cook burgers they
puff up and if you don't make an indent
in the center then you're going to get
like a dome but I don't want that I want
them all to be nice and flat so make an
Den so by the time it puffs up it's the
same level as the rest of it so try to
get them as thin as possible cuz they
will shrink as they cook believe it or
not they'll shrink a lot actually it
always shocks me every time I take the
burgers off the grill it's like really
where' that come I I put them on there
they were qu pound and I take them off
and they're like this
big I've got my patties formed I've got
my grill pan onto about between medium
and medium high heat not H medium high
but not medium just somewhere in the
middle drizzle a little bit of oil on
here
so nothing
sticks I'm just going to put them right
on back there now these are going to
cook well honestly the amount of time
these cook is up to you if you like them
you know super well done they'll take
about four to 5 minutes on each side if
you like yours
about medium a little bit less they'll
take about 3 minutes or so per side I'm
A 3 minute or so per side kind of gal I
don't like my Burgers to be cooked for
too too long so I'm going to put these
on
here
wipe my grease wash my
hands woo wash my hands get everything
ready and we'll start pling these babies
up in no
time oh those are looking
great all right all I did was I just
flipped them halfway through about 3 and
1/2 minutes on each side flipped them to
them in some shredded GRE a and then I
just did a little foil tent just to help
the cheese melt better now while that
those are still going for just another
second I'm going to actually turn them
off I've got my little cute little buns
here that I've already cut in half but
before I get to those I want to just mix
together my mayo and some coarse ground
mustard I love coar ground mustard I
think I prefer it more than Dijon
mustard and I definitely love it mies
with mayo just a really really thin
layer of it on the burger lettuce and
tomato just compliments each other
really really well and I also have my
onions here that are perfect and ready
to go so let's just start assembling
these I'm just going to take I'll do
four for
now and
then we'll do a few more after a little
bit of our Mayo again I only put it on
one side you can definitely put it on
both sides if you want to uh or i' like
to just put the bowl on the table and
have my guest kind of help help
themselves cuz if they want more they
can put more if they don't want as much
they they don't have
to a little bit more on that one on a
little bit stingy then I'm going to put
a couple slices or one slice of tomato
on each one look how beautiful they
are oh
gorgeous then I'm going to go with the
burger and then we're going to top them
with our
sweet caramelized
onions I love caramelized onions I love
them on cheese steaks I love them on
chicken cheese steaks I love them on any
kind of Burger on the side if you're
just making like a grilled steak they're
just there's not a whole lot they're not
good on they're good on a baguette just
on their own it is what it is they're
delicious and then a SCE of Romain
or iceberg lettuce or whatever you've
got to kind of hold everything in place
and just give
you some extra
crisp and freshness and
that is
it I mean how gorgeous do they look huh
I'm going to take this one and kind of
dig in let me bring a plate close to me
cuz if there's any juices that I'm going
to leak I want to get them covered
actually let me grab a knife so I can
cut it in
half oh
yeah look at that we have built like
what what I like to call the perfect
burger if I can get this in my
mouth
M everything about this is Sensational
juicy burger sweet onions crisp
vegetables
mhm Finger Licking Good L IND com the
recipe make sure you have lots of
napkins handy when you are eating these
I hope you enjoyed spending time with me
and I'll see you next time bye-bye
[Music]