hey everybody welcome to the channel and
today we're gonna be doing some
charcuterie we're gonna be curing a pork
loin in this get er done episode and so
I know some of you are subscribed
specifically to see charcuterie videos
and I haven't done one in a while so
let's go ahead and change that today
this is the center cut of the loin and
not the center cut but this is the
center part of the loin as all the
external muscles from the loin have been
removed and so what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna clean it up just a little bit
better and remove some of that silver
skin remove any of the loose pieces that
the butcher left behind so that I can
get a completely clean cut and we can
weigh it now the cool thing about
charcuterie is that you can almost do
whatever you want when it comes to
curing me there's only a few simple
rules that you have to follow one is
salt one is cure but outside of that
when it comes to flavor you can get
absolutely nuts and as you're gonna see
here today we're gonna be curing this
Canadian bacon style so we're gonna be
emulating Canadian bacon but in the form
of cured charcuterie and so we're gonna
be really having a fun time but with
this and the way we're gonna do it is
we're gonna clean that loin just like
you saw and we're gonna go ahead and
weigh it because the entire recipe is
based off of the weight of that loin and
so I think this particular line might
weigh something like four pounds roughly
1800 grams and I like to do everything
in grams because it's certainly a lot
more precise so all you're gonna do is
you're gonna weigh your muscle in grams
and jot that weight down all right so
once you have that way you're gonna
multiply each one of your seasonings by
a percentage of that weight so for
instance if your weight is 1800 grams
and your salt is 2.75 percent you're
gonna multiply 1800 times 2.75%
and that's how much salt you need and so
just do that for each one of the
ingredients and the only thing that I
would suggest you not change in this
recipe is the amount of salt that we add
in the amount of cure that we add I've
did a huge test about a year ago on
different salts ranging from 2.2 percent
all the way to 3.2 percent
and what I found was that roughly about
2.5 22.75 with the addition of sugar
balances out the amount of salt and it
keeps it safe for you to consume and so
notice I'm just mixing everything into
one little bowl and now I'm gonna go
ahead and take my maple syrup which is
gonna give it that Canadian bacon style
flavor and I'm gonna go ahead and put
1/4 cup for every four pounds so if your
loin is bigger or if your loin is
smaller I use a quarter cup for every
four pounds or basically one tablespoon
per pound and I wouldn't go ahead and
put it on so at this point we're just
gonna go ahead and add our cure and I
want to make sure any large pieces of
seasoning are broken up and I'm just
gonna sprinkle it on and massage it with
my hands and all we're doing right here
is we're making sure that the loin is
well coated well covered on both sides
and I'm gonna massage that salts that
garlic powder that you know that brown
sugar that cure into the muscle and
we're gonna make sure that we flip it
and we douse it with like that maple
syrup marinade we're just gonna continue
to do this and I'm gonna do this for a
couple of minutes and once I feel that
it is well incorporated most of my
seasonings are on the on the muscle
itself I'm just gonna put it in a vacuum
seal bag now if you don't have a vacuum
sealer there's a link in the description
box below that is a heck of a vacuum
sealer especially if you're getting into
charcuterie or freezer meals or
long-term preservation of food you know
if you're a hunter and you have you know
you're killed that you want to you want
to put in the freezer vacuum seal bags
are great this particular vacuum sealer
is kind of a step up from your food
saver a little more commercial and
because this is the equilibrium cure
we're gonna take all the extra seasoning
and we're gonna put it into the bag the
cool thing about the equilibrium cure is
that it doesn't matter how much time you
let it sit in your fridge it's not gonna
get more salty unlike the salt box cure
or the wet brine cure then which takes
up a lot of space the equilibrium cure
is based off of a percentage so if I put
2.75% salt in this bag the salt content
of the pork is never going to increase
past 2.75% so all we're gonna do now is
vacuum seal it and
because of the size of this particular
muscle I'm gonna leave it in the fridge
for about 14 days I'm gonna put a brine
calculator in the description box below
so that you can determine how much time
you need to let yours sit in the fridge
before you can proceed to the next step
but what I'm gonna do is label it date
it pop it in the fridge so stay tuned
for episode 2 where we're gonna take
this guy out and we're gonna do a really
cool koji experiment half of its gonna
be regular half of its gonna be Koji and
we're gonna see which one tastes better
so thanks a lot
be sure to subscribe we'll see you in
the next video