hi guys let's now look at how to
reference a textbook now in this video I
will be using an e-textbook but of
course the same principles apply to any
book you could pick up in the library
remember every time you take some
information from one of my slides
you've got to reference the textbook
okay so let's continue working on this
document and let's say that I've now
added this statement which is from the
text so of course I need to reference
the textbook which is available in
bblearn so I pulled up the textbook from
baby life so this is the text and this
is the title page which has most of the
information that I need so let's go back
and see how to reference this so as
always I go to references insert
citation add new source make sure that
the type of source is booked the first
piece of information that I need is the
name of the author so let's go back and
look at the name of the author these are
my authors now always always remember
that we do not enter the name of the
author here but rather we click on this
edit tab and enter the names here so
let's look at the first author that's
our Dan read so I enter last name read
first our middle Dan I click on add and
then the second author is nada our
Sanders so last name Sanders first name
nada middle our click on add again and
ok notice how word has formatted the
names of the authors as per APA
standards so remember to click edit
because it does this for us
next is the title of the book so the
title is operations management and
integrated approach I type that
management and integrated approach the
year so I go back and I see that I can't
find the year here this information is
on the copyright page so go to the
copyright now in a paperback book this
will be or a hardcopy book this will be
on a page maybe the second third or
fourth page that looks like this so look
for the copyright that's 2016 so I enter
2016 City now if I scroll down I
look here where the addresses and it
says Hoboken New Jersey this is the
information that I need so I type
exactly that and lastly the name of the
publisher which is Riley John Wiley &
Sons awesome
now if you notice here it says that this
is the sixth edition of the book this is
a useful piece of information so let's
add it so sure bibliography fields and I
scroll down and under addition I type
sixth ok and that's it I put in the full
stop and I go to the next page which has
my reference list if you remember from
the previous tutorial all I gotta do is
I click here update citations and it's
automatically updated isn't that simple
now go and try it out