welcome to natural home remedy don't
forget to subscribe this channel please
click on subscribe button how to get rid
of house centipedes centipedes have a
painful bite but the good news is that
the pain is often the worst of it
centipede bites are not toxic enough to
be deadly
if you are bitten by a centipede here
are steps that you can take to treat the
bite best ways to get rid of centipedes
in-house naturally 1 kill Santa feeds on
site they're ugly longlegs make them run
very fast so you also have to be quick
centipedes don't frequently attack homes
in large numbers thus you may be able to
get rid of your trouble just by speeding
up or bug spraying anyone you see note
that if you are frightened to even move
towards or be near the centipede even
vacuum cleaners won't be helpful if you
don't want to kill the centipede you can
try to grab it in a jar and let it go
outside this is one of the effective
methods to get rid of centipedes fast
and naturally to use the mothballs to
repel a wide range of bugs use mothballs
the experimental reality of the
situation is mothballs will things to
resist centipedes mothballs are unsafe
to youngsters and pets so whenever you
are putting these mothballs under all
dark places and damp try to be careful
with them keep these mothballs away from
the reach of children and pets
these mothballs smell quite strong and
so the smells make these insects
irritating and they don't enter your
home and stay away from your living area
3 use an herbal repellent user believes
such as annika mongoose urine or king
snake they prove to be effective and
these aren't available to normal grocery
store many of wildlife trappers have
access to such materials you can get
this thing from any herbal shop or from
any garden care show
there are in fact many centipedes
repellents marketed and sold but they
are consists of poisoned qualities so be
careful while using them for keep your
home dry centipedes simply dry out and
die if they don't live in a moist
environment clean up your closets
basements or any other moist areas and
use a dehumidifier place small packages
of silica in the moist places of your
home silica is an absorbent that draws
away moisture from the ground and air
you can find silica packets in new shoes
keep them in the dampest places of your
home to get rid of centipede naturally 5
use the dehumidifier this is one of the
best remedies to repel centipedes all
you need to do is reduce humidity in
your house for this you can use a good
humidifier there are various other steps
to reduce the humidity in your house
make sure you check water pipes so that
no moisture is escaping remember to
close the shower curtains and bathroom
doors take other precautions also to
keep centipedes away from your home 6
dry cayenne pepper this is a natural way
to get rid of centipedes from entering
your home try to put down a thin layer
of cayenne pepper at entry points both
inside and outside your home keep your
dogs and cats away from it even though
they won't be badly hurt if they get in
contact but still prevention is better
than cure so prevent it from happening 7
remove organic material remove all the
organic materials from the side of your
house place logs tarpaulin
mulch and compost bins away from the
outskirts of the house and as far away
as possible
remove any dung leaves organic and wood
abri regard as getting rid of moist
items like compost bins if feasible
precautions dry bathrooms clean
basements use pesticides regularly keep
the grass in your garden dry use door
sealing products to avoid entry thanks
for watching this video please share
this video with your friends and family
and subscribe for new updates thank you