today we're getting ready for our 4th of
July party but I can't show it to now
because she's still in her pajamas it
was but it's a busy day today you got a
car with a baby sleeping all right we
took a shower and got ready I wouldn't
have time to get my food done so it's
just how it goes it's only 9 something
it's not on the table there is some
dough for the bread on the stove we had
some water boiling for the noodles
charity is washing dishes we got
everybody working right now cake is
going in looks like a lot to me yes so
that's pretty level to me about it
whenever you're busy children tried to
escape and go up onto the third floor
and pull you at mommy's iPad so we got
out our little play yard to keep very
busy and happy for a little while
TV is next I have to get busy and wash
dishes the CD is coming along and the
noodles are done oh look at that
Miri has her eyes on the noodles Oh
Janelle is holding the baby while she's
talking charity and I through how to
cook John is drying dishes and just like
that I have more dishes to wash
there's the ziti and caught up on the
dishes it's not easy to do
oops guess I'm not caught up the girls
are playing nine eight
no it's nice living it right now I have
to turn a box into a cake board here's
our cake board
thank you this comes out oh it's not
hopeful that means happen it or
something
success bingo so that's good
this is why you can't go at past 10
minutes every minute the moisture steams
in there and it makes us stick so if I
had gone another couple minutes I would
have ruined my cake first the kids will
help clean the pan out okay now we need
to up mirror you have some here you go
Mary a minor problem the cake was too
thin so I'm gonna wash the pan out we're
gonna make another one and stack it I
usually don't do this but we have some
oyster crackers also known as child
silencers
you were saying take two kids and I got
back from running errands and I see
Janelle is working on her bread and she
has her pajamas changed so she has her
clothes on now and that's good we put up
our canopy on top of the deck and that's
where the food's gonna go and arts just
looking for the tables for me and then
after he finishes mowing we have to put
up another ez-up canopy tent here for
eating and staying out of the Sun there
it is it's pretty basic but hopefully it
looks pretty and it's wonderfully
delicious we managed to make it to the
friend's fourth of July party and there
are tons of people here all kinds of
cars and even the 53 Packard what's the
story John
Oh Oh the tent fell over Mary's on the
trampoline for the first time ever I
think which is the laws of nature and
nature's God and Janel is admiring the
nice garden
don't you wish our eyes looked like that
like this yes and there's a tiller right
there
maybe someday it's modest compared to
what we were just that by the hits I
think it'd work we have three easy up
canopies and some chafing dishes we
borrowed from church the one canopy we
bought at a garage sale recently for $20
we'll probably use it and then sell it
for $20 or maybe 25 and then we have the
canopy we've borrowed from grandpa and
grandma and our other original one right
there
now we have we have to inflate the pool
that we got from grandpa grandma
there I've never done this before I've
no idea how it's going to work what Rhea
picks the ball kicks it field goal when
we turned it on there's a part that we
needed to put on here to protect you
from a spinning motor and I did not know
what that part was for we just got rid
of about eight of them out to somebody
and but this will work too basically all
you need is something to protect
yourself fit the bill so here we go
let's try it Peter ready this is a
moment truth vacuum just shorted it
actually blew us hole in the rabbit will
show you why it's hot little you do it
right there blew up
there was fireworks tears good fireworks
everything addy setting up the new
vacuum
take your lumps of dough divide it into
three equal portions maybe this kind of
figure it out like that and lightly dust
your surface with flour you don't want a
lot of flowers or not be able to roll it
and then you're just gonna roll this out
now my recipe says to rule these two 18
inches but if you roll these two 18
inches they're gonna shrink something
really bad so I do probably closer to 24
inches and just let them shrink and this
is why you want the surface only lightly
floured you want it to roll but you want
it to stick it helps for the stretching
so that's about as long as I want it put
that one here I'm gonna do that with the
rest of these fish the top of your
strands like that they're just gonna
start braiding it you want it to start
out pretty tight at the top
you got the jackhammer in the background
again just pinch and then tuck them
under a little bit like that I notice
that's about 18 inches long even though
we started out at 24 by the time you
finished it's about eating this Freight
can you let this rise and then you bake
it