hey guys so in today's video we're going
to be making a little kitty cat DIY now
this DIY isn't one of my own it's
actually one I found over on Pinterest
and I've been wanting to do it for ages
and ages and ages and I thought well why
not film doing it so you guys can see
how we get along with it so we're going
to be making a DIY cat tent and the
instructions for this originally come
from the instructables website which I
will link down below so you you go and
check it out if you want to so I have
the tutorial open here on my tablet and
I'm going to be following it step by
step and we're going to see if we can
make a cat tent now for the list of
things you'll need to begin with you'll
need of course a cat you'll also need an
old mediumsized t-shirt a piece of
cardboard which they recommend is 15x 15
in but my cardboard is a little bit
smaller than that you'll need two wire
hangers tape safety pins and something
to cut and bend the wires with the first
step says to cut off the twirly bits of
your coat hanger so this bit up the top
so I'm going to take my pliers and
hopefully these are sharp enough to do
the trick and I'm just going to cut
through each part of the squiggly bit so
there we are that's the squiggly bits
off one of my hangers you can see what
it looks like there just an open-ended
hanger and now to do the other one and
there we go that is the second one done
so now we have
two hangers without tops on so the next
step says to shape the hangers and
reinforce the cardboard if needed now
they suggest you only need to reinforce
your cardboard if it has a bend in the
middle mine doesn't and it does feel
quite sturdy so I'm going to skip that
step but I am of course going to be
reshaping my hangers using my pliers so
what I'm doing first of all is I'm
straightening all this out I figured
it'd be easier to start with a straight
wire and then go from there and then I
think I should just be able to bend it
into an arch with my hand quite easily
then when you're done bending your wire
hangers they should look something like
this okay so the next step is to poke a
hole in each corner of your cardboard
using your wire hangers or any other
device I suppose I'm going to place it
just a little in from the corners just
so it's got a bit more support there we
go just poke them in there we go and
through the cardboard and through the
cardboard the next step is to tape the
two hangers together so by the looks of
it you want to just sort of position
them where you want them and then just
tape in the central point I'm using
masking tape for this because that's
what they used in the tutorial but I'm
sure you could just use regular tape and
it would work just fine okay so this is
a little bit fiddly trying to do it as
one person there we are just wrap it
around the Central
Point keep wrapping it until it's nice
and sturdy so there we go when you're
done taping it together that's kind of
what it looks like the next step is to
push the wire through the holes in the
cardboard and then bend a small portion
of the wire around
and tape it down to the bottom to secure
it into place so it says to push about
an inch of the wire through and then
just bend it down with your pliers or
whatever it is you have for bending
so there we go just do that with each
piece there we go and then I'm just
going to get some tape and tape all of
those down this has suddenly become
quite a small taint and I have quite a
big capat this is going to be
interesting to see if it even fits in
this at the end so now I'm just going to
take take my tape and I'm going to
secure these down to the base of the
cardboard just keep them in place nice
and secure next we come to the
finalization of the tent and that is
adding the T-shirt you kind of have to
dress the frame I guess um just pull it
up and
over uh a little bit awkward a little
bit fiddly not too bad though there we
are just pull it into place make it nice
and
tight okay now it just says once you
have put it over to basically tighten
everything and secure the excess t-shirt
to the bottom so we're just going to
pin this bit
to the um the bottom of the tent this is
definitely the most difficult part of it
everything else was was fairly easy but
this bit is just really fiddly okay so I
didn't necessarily do the best job of
that uh I'm probably going to have to go
back later and fix that up because it
all just seems a bit BL and falling
apart but yeah that is kind of it that
is your cat tent um I'm going to see now
what bire thinks of it so I had another
goat tidying up the base of the tent and
I discovered that it's actually a lot
easier if you use hot glue to stick the
T-shirt to the base so it looks a little
bit tidier now it's not too bad just
added in a towel for comfort and gave it
to the cat and I've got to be honest I
really did not think the cat would
actually fit inside the tent but lo and
behold he somehow managed to and he
seemed to like it so there we go that is
how to make a DIY cat tent courtesy of
the instructables website and Jesse
ratfink who was the original poster of
this tutorial um so yeah if you like
this video don't forget to leave a
thumbs up you can also share it with
your friends and subscribe to the
channel if you haven't already thank you
thank very much for watching guys and
I'll see you next time bye-bye