hello my name is Michael Harris from
Team Northwood geocaching.com and today
I'm going to show you how to kill 13
stripe
golfers now you might ask what does that
have to do with geocaching and the
answer is absolutely nothing I had a
problem with Gophers digging up my yard
eating my balds and working on my flower
beds not let alone when it mountains in
your yard of course you hit them with a
lawn mower now there's a couple
different ways you could probably do it
some people said want to shoot them well
in my area that wasn't going to work
because there's people around them close
to major highway so you got to know
what's past what you're shooting at I
didn't really have time to sit around
and wait and hopefully they pop up while
I'm there so I could shoot them you
could prob poison I don't know exactly
what you try to use to kill golfers but
of course the one thing that don't want
to do is put out poison and then your
pets or your neighbor's pets or some
unintended animal eats that poison and
dies well that was not a good idea so I
thought is there some way to trap well
didn't take me very long and I thought
why not a rat trap in a
bucket well that's exactly what works
and it works
fantastic uh sometimes when you set it
up might be 15 minutes before it goes
off and of course if it's a hot summer
day you make sure you want to check your
traps cuz you don't want a dead golpher
on a trap underneath a pale in the hot
sun just waiting for you to come and get
it so I'll demonstrate here exactly how
I do it it's very easy it's efficient
and you'll snap them up in no time and
you won't have any more
problems all right all you need is a rat
trap now I've always used the wooden
ones I don't know if you could use the
large plastic ones or not but it's worth
a shot I guess if that's all you can
find or if youever worry about snapping
your fingers but these have always
worked really good I use some peanut
butter make sure you're not using some
peanut butter that you're going to have
it in your house that where your
children could eat of course so buy some
peanut butter and only use it for this
cuz you don't want to get germs inside
the jar uh in the past I've always used
uh the crunchy peanut butter with the
peanut uh with the peanuts chunks in it
it doesn't really make much of a
difference and then I just use sunflower
seed so all I do is I take the rat
trap I take out a spoon
of peanut
butter I put
it I just Gob it all on here just like
this I just Gob it
on take the sunflower
seeds I sprinkle them on here and then
what I'll also do is I'll take some of
these with me and and when I set it up
by their hole or the B where they're
going in I'll just dump a little bit
more seat on there around the
Trap then all I do is I bring it
back and I set the
Trap and now I'm ready to go I just have
to go out to one of their holes and burs
which there are a ton of them now and uh
set it up and what I do is I put a
gallon uh 2 and 1 half gallon pale over
it like this one here I or you can use a
5 gallon pail and I always spray paint
them so that way they don't stick on
your lawn you don't want big white five
gallon pales sticking all over your yard
but there's a 2 and2 gallon feeder pale
and this works really good too uh the 5
gallon sometimes work a little better or
something larger so that way it fits
around the hole and the rat trap better
so they can get a better angle at it but
I've been doing just fine with this 2
and 1 half gallon this year this is one
of the areas that they've been tearing
up on me real bad you can see there's a
hole there
so that's what we're looking for I've
already got a couple out of here and you
can see how this one's covered up inside
and you just got to put some dirt in
them like that to know if they're using
them and that way you know if they're
still utilizing them Burrows or not so
I'm actually going to go over to my
neighbor's yard and trap them there cuz
that's where they're coming from is my
neighbor's
yard so pretty much all you do is you
walk around you either buy
something let me look and see if I can
find a oh there's a hole right there so
let's see here
yep oh and you often see there must be a
property line marker or something right
here where they're coming up along next
to so what I'll do is I just got my trap
in some extra sunflower
seed so what I do
is set my trap up I I've been doing it
this way lately I don't know if it makes
much of a difference but it's easier
with a smaller bucket of course to put
uh the Trap horizontal to the the hole
when they come up and then I just take
some of the extra
seed and I just kind of sprinkle it out
back in here too so that way they kind
of wander all
over and then sometimes if you come out
and you check your
trap uh everything might be cleaned off
of it but of course you know when it's
sting out here overnight mice and
everything else can easily eat it and
that's it I cover up the hole in the
bucket and a lot of times when I first
start doing this every year it could
possibly go off in 15 minutes so when
it's hot out you definitely want to come
out and check your trap right away cuz
you don't want a stinky Dead uh golfer
underneath there so we'll just give it
some time and we'll come on out and
check out and see what
happens well let's go check and see
here's when I got set
up let's put a 2 and half gallon paale
over it let's see yep there's a 13
stripe goord dead right in the rat
trap y that's the easiest way I can
think of to get them