today Mom and Dad are going to do a
blind taste test of two pumpkin pies on
the left is Sarah Lee and on the right
is Marie Calenders um the Sarah Lee was
298 and the Marie calers was $4.97 at
Walmart um Marie calendar no Sarah Lee
calories it's 1/8 of a pie for 250
calories and Marie calendar
is nowhere to be found just kidding
Marie Calendars is 270 calories for 1/8
of a pie so so I'm going to take them
out of the box they were have been in
the freezer and I'll be right
back all right here they are straight
out of the box this one is Sarah Lee and
this one is Marie Calenders um they're
both in plastic so what I'm going to do
is take them out of the plastic put them
on the cookie sheet and put them in an
oven at 375 to bake for 70 minutes so
here we
go so the top one is Sarah Lee and it
was really nice it came out of the
package nicely it was easy um I will say
that the Frozen middle was kind of a
skew and I had to push it down into the
pie filling to make it work but it was
frozen so it was really easy I just had
to adjust it now this
one the Marie Calendars is a little bit
different um as you can see it is is
broken in lots and lots of places it
made it difficult to get out of the
package and it was very messy so I don't
know if this package was dropped because
you can see that the metal tin is what
broke it um I don't know if it was
dropped I don't know um this one is a
darker color definitely so I'm going to
bake them at 375 for 70 minutes and we
will
see so this is what they look like fresh
out of the OV oven this one is Marie
Calendars and this one is Le so we have
nicer plates today so I've labeled them
on the bottom with a sticky not so I'm
going to put the S Le on these plates
and the Marie calendar on those plates
then I'm going to give them to Mom and
Dad and we'll see which one they
like all right one second thing I forgot
to say is after they came out of the
oven you had to let them sit for at
least 2 hours so I did that um I also
labeled them on the top of the plates
too two two and one one one and one are
this one and two and two are this one so
I'm going to go serve them and we'll see
what they
like okay on First Sight just as far as
looks go number one is definitely
thicker I mean they're both thick pies
but one is significantly thicker is
yours too Kev yeah but this one is
really cut smoothly and this one's kind
of lumpy like
it's it looks more of a cheesecake on
that pie the pie that is thicker you say
um that's the one that where you had to
stick the knife in the middle to see if
it was done yeah and the other one was
just time are you ready no I'm
ready it's good it's good take a bite of
the crust that's what I was going to get
I was going to take a bite of the back
to get the CR he the phone cut off so
sorry um that crust was really really
good the back crust I I didn't try yet
it's got like a almost a cinnamon flavor
to it it's it's got that definite spice
to it it's really good I'm
one it's good it's definitely um a
different crust than like on a Peca mhm
completely different yeah it has like a
seasoning to it
okay get that out of your mouth
completely number two
I
immediately oh the textures of the
different the texture is awful it's I do
not like the texture and it has a little
bit too much of a nut bag in it there
yeah I was going to say chemically taste
it's got too much nut Meo I I'm not
going to taste the pie again I'll taste
the crust I'm going take one more
why I do not like that at all don't even
want another bite that texture it's like
baby food it's just like bab look on the
bottom of the plate which one is that
one I think it's though it's nasty
definitely I would pick one too number
one hand number two has too much of a
spice in it and the crust the back crust
um doesn't have as much flavor as number
one so oh wow I would hope number one is
the
saret no Marie H or number one well I
mean why we what were you H cuz that's
just like the name brand you know that's
the Big Brand oh well no no if you so
this is
Marie so if you haven't had Marie
calendar pumpkin pie I think on our pean
Pi's you all pick the Sarah Lee so on
the pecan pie I mean on the pumpkin pie
you're definitely picking Marie calendar
or we're picking Marie C I like it much
better it's it it's nice and Kevin makes
a I know I've said this before on videos
Kevin makes a pumpkin pecan cheesecake
and it has this same
consistency and uh it's just um it's a
denser consistency consistency believe
it or not then that's saret I mean it is
just you put them side by side like this
and you notice how bad that texture is I
don't know if you eat by itself probably
would have noticed it honestly
thatness it um the S one tastes like a
cheap pie whereas the Marie cers tastes
like a more expensive m M it's good it's
funny so
anyway thanks for watching the review
the taste test and hopefully that help
you decide on what pie to buy and if
we're too late for Thanksgiving sorry
maybe this will help you for Christmas
yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]