[Music]
hi fish lovers welcome to a brand new
fish tail today I'm in Iceland next to a
beautiful small village called kavic
today it's heck fillet pen fried on the
skin with a S provinal and a roughly
meshed potatoes with some rocket so we
need a headache and this is a whole
headache uh we're going to fillet it but
of course you could also buy uh a nice
uh headach fillet at your fish Monga
store but skin on so headache is very
popular um it's often used in your fish
and chips sustainable certified headache
comes out of the colder Waters of the
North Sea the baron sea and Norwegian
Seas I often use the headache because of
the clean white flesh which is actually
a bit firmer than a cut and really
perfect to pen
fry so as soon as you're water is
boiling you
yet handful of salt and the potatoes
because this is outdoor cooking cover it
with a lid avoid that the wind is
blowing away your
[Music]
[Music]
fire
wo it's boiling
finally in the meantime I'm going to
prep the ingredients for the sauce we
cut the black olives in small slices
also the sundried tomatoes cut in small
pieces chop the Capers and normally I
would have chopped The Parsley right now
because of the wind I uh I do it really
at the last
moment
Iceland but it's so beautiful it's a
it's quite a big country and only
360,000 people are living here and
Iceland is really an example to the
world of how to catch C fish in a
sustainable way the cut and the headache
are certified MC and soon the red fish
will be the sa will be so this is a
paradise for fish and for seafood so now
it's time to prep my
headache bit of black pepper bit of sea
salt to be sure that it won't stick just
use a bit of oil so now we
first put the fish with a skin side down
in a pan and leave it there there to
have this skin crispy you will see that
the that the fish is going to cook to be
cooked when the flesh is going white so
just
observe mash the cooked
potatoes here you see the Flesh of the
fish is getting wild this is cooked
until here I keep it another 30 seconds
and then we turn it around so we take a
bit of of
Rocket we cut it
roughly this goes through the potatoes
use a bit of olive oil and a bit of
beautiful Icelandic sea
salt I'm going to turn this fish around
beautiful crispy skin and we pin fry it
for another maybe 30 seconds on the
other side and now really the tricky
Point starts because if this fish is
ready we put it on a plate and then we
create the sauce immediately and it will
go rapidly only 20 30 seconds and your
sauce will be ready to be served with
your hat Chum parsley a bit extra
squeeze a bit of lemon and we add the
parsley bit of
pepper if you have any questions or
comments let me know in the box below
for more delicious recipes simply
subscribe Bon and thank you for watching
my show and uh we'll see you soon again
for another fish
[Music]
[Applause]
tail