my name is Christine Marquette and I'm a
registered and licensed dietitian with
Marquette nutrition and fitness and I'm
going to talk to you about the benefits
of flax seed oil for women flax seed and
flax seed oil have a variety of health
benefits but it's actually the flax seed
as opposed to the flax seed oil that
likely has more benefits for women and
the reason why is that flax seeds
themselves have legins or liins those
are said to have phytoestrogen like
properties to them them whereas the flax
seed oil doesn't actually have any of
these ligant in it one of the reasons
why this particular property may be
beneficial is it may actually have the
ability to reduce hot flashes in women
who are going through menopause in
addition it may help decrease breast
pain as well it has also been shown to
likely decrease some um side effects as
far as premenstrual syndrome for example
in addition it may help reduce
inflammation some of the other benefits
in using the flax seed so that you get
the ligin is that it also has more fiber
so it may help with reduction in
cholesterol this is important for women
because women actually have a very high
risk of heart disease heart disease is
actually the number one killer of women
so for that reason that is very
important that they actually look at
their cholesterol levels as well as
their as well as their blood pressure so
for cardiac Health flax seed is also
very beneficial flax seed oil is really
more beneficial for things such as
arthritis it has been shown to actually
reduce some of the inflammation and some
of the joint pain associated with
arthritis so for that reason there is
the potential that it may be beneficial
in joint pain related to other
conditions such as fibromyalgia which
are um seemen to occur more often in
women so flax seed and flax seed oil
have a variety of benefits for women
right now it's primarily for things such
as premenstrual syndrome and menopause
but in the future it may possibly um
have more studies backing it for heart
health as well as reduction in symptoms
of arthritis and
fibromyalgia