hey guys today i'm planning up a hanging
basket and the question i get the most
about this is how many plants do you put
in a basket and the rule of thumb is for
12 to 14 inch baskets you can do three
to five plants and in a 16 to 18 inch
basket you can do five to seven so today
i'm planning up an 18-inch basket i'm
measured and it's 18 inches and it is
quite deep so there's a lot of room for
root growth so i'm going to air on the
side of more plants and if you've seen
any of my past arrangements you know
that i usually air on the kind of
stuffed side anyway because i like
things to look really full and pretty
right from the very beginning there are
two main ways that people like to plan
up hanging baskets and the most popular
way is just to fill them up with stuff
that will cascade over the sides and
that is great for hanging baskets that
will be hanging up high because those
cascading plants are pretty much all
that you'll be able to see and the
second way people like to plant them up
and it's my favorite way is to plan on
having a little bit of a centerpiece in
the center of the container i like this
option just because my hanging baskets
are usually a little bit lower so i like
to see a little bit of interest and also
i have baskets that are flat on the
bottom which gives me the option to put
them on the ground or on a table
somewhere and that way i still have a
little bit of interest in the middle of
my pot so i'm going to go ahead and fill
up my basket with soil and i've chosen
seven different plants i've got a
centerpiece and then six different
trailers to go around the outside
so i'm going to start off with my
centerpiece first and i have a dolce
blackberry ice hookura which will be a
great great centerpiece these get about
18 inches tall
they may not get quite that big in a
container but the reason why i love love
this plant is because they are gorgeous
from underneath
so even if you're looking up from
underneath this basket you're gonna
still see that beautiful color
the second plant i'm gonna use is a
sweet caroline light green potato vine
and these are awesome in hanging baskets
first of all i love to have some foliage
texture in there just for some bold
weight and these well look at this going
to town already forming some potatoes
these get huge and beautiful so i'm just
going to place this one around on the
outside just like that
next up is one of my bacopas snowstorm
blue is the variety name of this one and
these are great trailing plants that do
really well in part sun areas
just tuck that one in
beautiful
next up is a frosty night alyssum and
not only do these have beautiful white
flowers all through the season but
they've got gorgeous foliage too just
little delicate looking leaves with
white variegation which will be a
beautiful contrast to my hookura
next is a catalina grapalicious terenia
these are actually fairly new to me
they've been around for a long time but
i haven't used a whole lot of them until
these past couple of seasons and they
are awesome they bloom just prolifically
all through the season and this one is
even more beautiful because of the dual
color of the blooms and then i'm going
to do one more of the snowstorm blue
bacopas
and last up is a catalina white linen
terrenia so you can tell i like terenia
and the bacopa because i like to use a
lot of them these are just such great
trailing plants for part shade areas
i'll just tuck in right here
it is so pretty and so full right from
the beginning look at that
this hanging basket is gorgeous right
now but it will take a couple weeks in
order to start trailing so you want to
make sure to hang it in a spot that gets
the proper amount of light i water it
regularly and fertilize regularly i do
about once a week for fertilizer thank
you guys so much for watching and i hope
you enjoy your hanging baskets
okay check out my hose
ah
it's gonna blow
you would think working at a garden
store i could keep up on my garden here
anybody wants to send me a host to
review i'd do it
that's the kind of hanging basket i want
in my garden