[Music]
hello everyone and welcome back to
another video I hope everyone is having
a awesome Friday and I figured we do
something a little different today and
do a cooking tutorial on how to make
movie theater style popcorn in your own
home I've been using this recipe for a
while now and I actually absolutely love
it I love it even more than movie
theater popcorn that you would get at
your local movie theater it is very good
and I'm gonna show you a step-by-step
tutorial and how to make it alright
before we jump into the auditory on how
to make the popcorn I actually found a
different recipe that is I guess you can
say a little healthier than the exact
replica one that I'm about to show you
and if you want to see that video be
made that the Tauri will be made make
sure you comment down below saying that
you want to see it everyone when I first
made the other recipe that I found
everyone loved it but to me it fully
tastes like movie theater soft popcorn
so I wasn't satisfied until I got found
this recipe and this recipe I think is
the best to be honest with you guys
so let's now jump into the tutorial and
sway nari to explain all the products
that are being used alright so as you
can see here this is everything that you
are going to need to make the movie
theater stock talk more but you don't
need this I bought this separately at
Kohl's I think it was like 15 to 20
dollars today I'm going to be using
probably what everyone will be using
just a regular pot it's Somoza naylet
that the steam flow out and the pure
coconut oil and the flavor coal I got on
Amazon and I'll be leaving a link to
them in the description down below and
you can also get the movie theater
butter which I did not get but I'll
leave a link to that Amazon page in the
description below as well alrighty so
today we're going to be needing two
tablespoons of the pure coconut oil and
a half of teaspoon of the flavour call
alright the first step we're gonna do is
take two tablespoons of the pure coconut
oil now as you can see it is more it is
orange don't be alarmed by that color it
gives the popcorn that
oranjee look and also depending on when
you put it when you get it delivered it
might be a little liquidy because of the
heat so when it's hot it gets kind of
liquidy but then when it's kind of more
like room temperature like like your
house is to get more on the solid side
so take two tablespoons cheese all right
okay so as you can see I don't have a
lot I don't have a lot left there is
also a bigger size that you can get but
it is a little more money like I think
it's like twenty twenty twenty two
dollars pretty sure this one's like five
dollars have the links to all the
products I use in the description down
below all right so the next step we're
going to be doing is we're gonna be
turning on the oven keep it in that
medium heat and let the coconut oil melt
till it gets all so it gets a complete
liquid so once that happens we are going
to be taking a half a cup of the popcorn
and we put it putting it in there so we
can mix it all around so as you can see
all the butter is all melted and you see
right here so now we are going going to
add the half a cup of the popcorn
kernals throw it all in shake it up all
nice and good
all right
you can you put more but as what do you
think it's good there you're done and
then you take the flavor called did you
take the half a teaspoon half of
teaspoon that now be very careful on how
much you put in because this stuff is
pretty strong you can add more in the
end if you don't think it's you know
startling to your tasting so once that's
all in shake it up really good again so
it all gets mixed together there's it
you see here and then you put the lid on
now if your leg doesn't have a steam
thing to kind of keep it slightly
cracked and then as that everything's
warming up make sure you shake it around
so the Karla's over the burn and then
two to three minutes later your popcorn
is done all right so now the top ones
are starting to pop as you can see here
so I think it sees popping good sorry
not when it starts popping every now
again just keep on shaking it so so the
pop sort of popcorn that is not pop I
mean already popped will not get all
soggy all right so the popcorn is
basically done when you kind of hear no
more pop in every like two seconds
that's when you just turn off so maybe
knowing couple seconds just a couple
seconds will be all will be all finished
up and as of right now I think it's
looking long enough turn it off Conner's
let it cool off a little bit a spatula
so the stuff that's not on the bottom
doesn't get all burnt then at this point
once it's pretty much all done cooking
you can sear it you can still hear
popping a little bit you can add some
more flavor cloth if you want or some
regular salt or the movie theater butter
I personally think that it's perfect
just like this and now it's completely
done come over here
of course fell on the floor
pour right up into your bowl pop it pop
a movie in and stir start it is to enjoy
alrighty guys that is how you make movie
theater style popcorn in your own home
and with that being said if you like
this video please click that like button
down below and if you want to super
videos like these please consider
subscribing and one more thing if you
want to get a notification on when every
time I post a video click that belt
button right next to the subscribe
button and please share the video thanks
for watching and have a great day