as the father of two daughters I like to
make a bunch of videos on how to fix
things without having to have somebody
in your house and spending a lot of
money to have it done what we have here
is a washer that will not drain so
there's only really two things that can
be reason it's not draining is either
the drain pump is out or the plumbing
that routes the water to the drain pump
is plug somewhere we open it up and take
a look and see what the issue is the
first thing I'm going to do is make sure
this thing is unplugged I don't want to
do any work on it with it plugged in and
it's full water so I'm going to grab my
shot back and I'm going to drain out all
that water you want to it hold that in
there yeah yes I'm going to turn it on
now it's gonna suck water you ready
[Music]
written in water
[Music]
there's a little tiny bit yeah I don't
know I'm just going to take a little
ratchet and unscrew these three bolts on
the bottom will let me make access to
what's behind this panel yeah so we
could take this washer put it on there
now lefty loosey right so turn the left
yep that way keep spinning both out got
it all right bring it out oh that's okay
we have all of them right here watch
boom shake the room all right so now
where do you think the pump is at well
close
yep that's actually the drain this is
the pump for the drink
so the first thing we're going to do
because the easiest fix would be if
there's some sort of clog in here and
that's what I'm really hoping is it it's
plugged either right not plug and that's
not why it's draining if there's not
like is it like plugged a will dream is
its not work let me watch if it's not
plugged in it's because of the drain
pump that were saying yeah if it's
plugged hopefully it's plugged in we can
just remove the plug and it'll drain on
someone right and they don't have to do
anything I'll spend any money or do
anything so we do have some dogs so I'm
hoping there's just a bunch of dog here
something behind that yeah oh they might
be like some yellow flake so used to be
like somebody lived here with the kid
can what no he already got this to you
yep all right
coconut water dislike working here
well that's why we drained all that
water because if we didn't pick that
water out when we open this up that
water would flood everywhere so there's
going to be a little bit of water but
okay so I removed everything out of the
pedestal cabinet I placed a cup in here
to catch the excess water and I'm going
to use my shot back again to catch it as
it comes out and I'm just going to
slowly crack it and let it start to come
outside to open this thing all the way
up alright so this essentially right
here is the filter for the drink this
sets in there you unscrew that and a lot
of times you'll find a bunch of pet fur
or some loose change or something that's
caught up in this filter but this is
actually pretty clean which to me is a
concern because that means that the
problem is probably this right here this
is the drain pump pump takes the water
runs it through this tube that goes up
and out into your wall and that's where
it drinks so because it has to go up and
out it reads this pump in order to get
the water moving and get it out okay so
it looks like we have to remove this
pump to do that I'm a little cap right
here lift up that cap
there's the plug in for it and then plug
it it's pretty simple and then it has
two screws it's got one here and it has
a sister screw on the other side that's
the exact same one and remove those two
screws real quick okay so I've removed
the pump and now what I need is that
pump number I need to get the item
number on that pump to do that I'm going
to call a local appliance store and
they're going to ask me for the model
number of the whirlpool I have so that
mo D stands for model this is the model
number this long number right here so
I'm just going to call the closest store
and give them that number and then
they'll be able to give me the part
number for that drain pump I know
they're going to be way more expensive
than Amazon or anything like that so
I just want to get their correct model
number from them and then I'll I'll take
care of myself after that applying for
company
yes sir I'm looking for a drain pump for
a Whirlpool Duet washer okay oh yeah the
model number are you ready okay it's G
hw9 one-five-zero pw0
okay yes sir one second can we do that
woman stark 33 18 plus tax like yes
please
chu eight zero one eight seven two eight
year-old one eight seven okay great
thank you very much I appreciate it all
right bye-bye all right so Wow
she already said he said $135 already
the very first one there's that part
number that he gave me the very first
one is $25 prime look at this 1947 prime
this is not this is sub Co is the name
of this one so it's obviously an
off-brand but you know I got 43 reviews
here 4.3 stars I feel pretty comfortable
with that one I'm going to give it a
shot I think it's worth it for 1947 it's
worth giving it a try almost 24 hours
later
Amazon Prime got the new drain pump in
actually came with a new filter but I
don't need that so I'm just going to
take out the old one drop this one in a
little bit different this is a little
bit newer model but it's a completely
interchangeable it's going to fit in the
exact same way looks like it's going to
be difficult to plug in so I'm going to
go and plug it in right now
so I can close that cap and just be done
with that
while you always use the screwdriver bit
is magnetic you drop those things you
can get them back out
did I think it was a grand total of
probably 20 minutes to finish this whole
thing up cost me about $20 I call it a
part supply store and it was $130 for me
to buy it from them but like I said I
used Amazon I'm sure it's going to be
fine
but one of the biggest things is that I
didn't have to call anybody into my
house and that's the one thing that you
know that's kind of priceless right
there is is you never know what type of
handyman you're going to get who's going
to come over what type of service are
going to do what else you know could go
wrong with that
so I did it myself again took me 20
minutes did it for 25 bucks tops and
have a new drain pump and starting all
over with this washer so that's it
but there's no one there's not the
screws now okay okay hit that last