[Music]
welcome to high PSI TV today we put a
set of headers on the Tahoe pretty
exciting for me I have had the built
motor in this truck for about three
years and I've never put headers on it I
don't like the noise that's my ax as my
argument I don't like how loud headers
are I don't like the ting eNOS to him
and I Drive this truck a lot so I didn't
want the extra noise in preparation for
future modifications we are gonna put a
side of headers on this truck today and
this will be a little instructional
video kind of short just going over how
to put headers on a new body style Tahoe
truck Silverado Sierra Yukon anything
all the headers are gonna be the same
almost every LS you install headers the
same way so this would be a quick
instructional video on how to do that
these are the headers that we're gonna
be putting on the truck these are
ancient seven eighths coated pacesetter
headers the reason I went with coated is
because they look good and they're
actually not that much more expensive
than the uncoated version the part
number on these is 7-0 2266 ancient
seven eighths primaries three-inch
collector and I've got a three inch wide
pipe to go with these as well the reason
that I went with inch and 7/8 headers is
because I'm going to need to get all of
the exhaust out of the cylinder head as
fast as I can and this is the best way
to do it normally headers for trucks are
inch and 3/4 but because we are going
boosted we went with inch and 7/8 all
right here's the Y pipe that comes with
the header kit this is aluminized mild
steel it's not coated like the headers
are you cannot get this coated they all
come the same way this has a factory
connection on it so it can go to any
catback that they make for these trucks
it comes with this style horseshoe clamp
which I'm not going to use I'm gonna put
regular band clamps on it which I have
here the problem with these clamps is
when you tighten them down
they tend to distort and squish the tube
that you put them on and it's really
hard to get back apart if you ever have
to so I'll show you that a little bit
later in the video how we're gonna use a
different style clamps on this Y pipe to
make it work even better all right so
the first step in this header install is
going to be removing the spark plug
wires and the spark plugs from the top
side and then we'll get the truck on the
lift and start on the bottom side
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
while we're up here we're gonna remove
the dipstick tube because it makes it a
little bit easier to get the plugs and
plug wires off
[Music]
all right now we have the plug wires and
plugs out of the cylinder heads we have
the dipstick tube out we're gonna put
this up in the air and start doing stuff
underneath you guys might have noticed
that I was using an electric ratchet to
pull the spark plugs out that's okay in
my book if you're not planning on
reinstalling those plugs and never use
air tools or electric tools to reinstall
the spark plugs if you mess up the
threads in the cylinder head you're
gonna have a big problem
[Music]
all right now that we are under the
truck first thing we have to do is
disconnect our Y pipe from our stock
flange here and then we're gonna come up
and there's three bolts holding the Y
pipe to the manifold on this side three
bolts holding the Y pipe to the manifold
on that side I actually have one stud
broken off if you guys can see so it's a
good thing we're replacing this stuff
anyways
[Music]
alright guys now that the white pipe is
loose you can get your hands up in there
disconnect all four of your o2 sensors
all right to make my life a little bit
easier and getting this old wide pipe
out I'm gonna drop a transmission
crossmember down
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
alright guys now that the wife types out
of the way I'm going to put a bolt back
in each side of the trans crossmember
and let the transmission back down to
rest on it so I can let the truck down
and start back on the top side ok back
on the top side we are ready to remove
our manifold bolts and pull the
manifolds out of the truck
[Music]
away
Oh see I'm trying to get the electric
ratchet in there think this easier the
back bolt on the driver side is really
tight space time
[Music]
alright guys the manifolds are out
passenger side comes out the top driver
side falls out through the bottom
all right so there is the old manifold
and y-pipe setup and there's the new
long tube header and wide pipe setup no
cash the new headers are going to
install from underneath what I find the
easiest to do is to put them up from
underneath and prop them up against
something whether it be a cylinder head
bolt or if there's a heat shield that
you can clip them on to to hold them so
you can lower the truck down and get
your bolts in from the topside
[Music]
[Music]
headers are laying in place ready to be
bolted up quick tip guys I always use
new GM header gaskets or manifold
gaskets there's a part number anything
else that any other header company
supplies will leak always use GM gaskets
[Music]
now you
all right now that the headers are
installed and tight with our new GM
gaskets I'm gonna finish up everything
up top so I'm gonna put the dipstick
tube back in I'm putting new spark plugs
in and I'm gonna reuse the MSD spark
plug wires the reason that I'm putting
new spark plugs in is because this truck
will be boosted in the next month or so
so we're running ng k TR sixes these are
a little bit colder than a stock plug to
help compensate for boost and ethanol
fuel here's our new spark plugs and
we're gonna gap all these 236 thousands
and install them in the truck okay so
this is the top side complete I'd
recommend running MSD spark plug wires
they have a bendable boot at the bottom
on the spark plug in and it helps get
the spark plug wires around the header
one thing I forgot to mention is this
block off plate down here my truck does
not have EGR so you have to install the
block off plate on the header I painted
that with some silver high temp paint
just so it matches a little bit better
and it won't rust these are the claims
that are provided with the pacesetter
Y pipe just a regular horseshoe clamps
I'm gonna use band clamps instead and
what you need to do is you need to come
in to every joint and the width of the
clamp put a slit on each side so that
this has room to squeeze and that will
give you a better seal than these clamps
will alright so you can see I've got the
Y pipe in here slid onto the headers so
there's a joint here a joint here and a
joint here to give you some
adjustability I'm really close to the
driveshaft here so when I tighten it I'm
gonna leave the pry bar in here to kind
of help space it down and then I'm
really close to the transmission pan
I'll probably end up having to come in
and dimple this tube a little bit to get
it to clear aside from that everything
clears really nice okay so that
completes our Y pipe installation
factory style connection here a clamp
here and then it just slides on the
headers on both sides and then there's a
slip joint in the middle just so you can
adjust everything and make it fit so
everything is hooked up two sensors are
plugged in all this left to do is start
it up and see how it sounds so this is
everything done no leaks everything
sounds good nothing as loud as I thought
it would be
I think it sounds pretty good overall a
pretty easy install I hope you guys
enjoyed the video and that's gonna do it
for this step in modifying the Tahoe as
always comment like and subscribe and we
will see you next time
[Music]