okay we're going to go ahead and do the
same in hand field tests and it applies
to pH nitrates and phosphates and again
we have our mixed soil in the bucket so
we're going to get sample it's good to
go ahead and neutralize your hands first
I just do that with the soil so that
salts or anything that might screw the
test so I'll get another sample okay
and get enough soil in our hand go ahead
and do the test and we take our water
bottle just again distilled water we put
enough water in here to saturate the
soil enough so that we get water in the
cup of our hand this soil water mixture
and this is basically emulating what we
were doing with the one-to-one test we
go ahead and put the strip in the soil
water solution in the cup of our hand an
identical to the the tests that we did
with one the one we wait for it to
change color in this case I've got a
nitrate strip that I used previously so
it has started to change color so I've
go ahead and after a minute go ahead and
grab the soil nitrate strip bottle
compare the test this case again we're
between 20 and 50 parts I estimated
about 40 parts per million and so this
just provides an alternative test for a
book for again for our nitrate nitrite
phosphate and pH tests