there are lots of dishes I cook now that
bring back wonderful childhood memories
and there's nothing better than home
cooking especially a meal made by your
mum is the Tom nothing better than one
done by your mum now think is there when
you look back on cooking that your mum
made I look back very fondly but in fact
I was up there probably about a month
ago and she made me these little ginger
biscuit things they don't look you know
Michelin star they don't look like
something I produce now but they just
taste it so good it's all about flavor
though innit food for me it all is what
it tastes like it's the most important
thing doesn't matter it can look as
flashes all you like but if it tastes
where it there's no point in eating it I
couldn't agree more
now you've got some ingredients here
that I know what this is gonna be yeah I
love this this this is an absolute
classic made well I think we'd lost it
you need that source axed you know the
proper custard in there as well little
bit of extra custard it's bread and
butter pudding it's one of the dishes
and my mum used to make on a Sunday
juice call it bread pudding not bread
and butter pudding that's the difference
I think well listen mate my kitchen is
your kitchen all right welcome very much
anything you know know where it is just
let me know and I'll sort it out okay
first thing slice white bread now you
could use flashy bread now you though my
sentiments exactly you don't want that
you want sliced white bread sandwiches
stuff yeah and proper butter and proper
butter and don't be shy because you're
what you don't want is that dryness do
you want that moist you want that spoon
to sort of drop in and go yes yeah it
spreads a little fresher but at the end
by the end of the week when it's dried
out a little bit the way that we do it
is a spread it with butter make the
custard and we just leave it to soak for
about 20 minutes before we actually cook
it so the bread starts to absorb all
that lovely custard yeah and then when
you cook it it stays really like rich
and anxious so it's like a proper
dessert rather than two separate things
custard and dry bread it's one thing
this is why I think people really want
yeah is proper homely food it's stuff
that people understand but it's getting
the simple things right like fresh
nutmeg for me freshly grated on and a
lot never I'd other really would have
really a powder for me a jar that's
probably sitting in the back of my mom's
cupboard for about six years
exactly mums would have been the same
and it would have Anila vanilla pod
using a proper vanilla pod today but it
would have been vanilla extract when I
was a kid and a little bit powdered
nutmeg you right you got your mom dress
being given a 21st century kick yeah and
that's it pretty much here I mean men
will be very pleased with it
Tom cuts is buttered bread into
triangles and starts on the
all-important custard so I've got find a
double cream so it's a vanilla pod just
be scraped and the seeds go in so I've
got 8 free-range lovely yellow yolks and
some castor sugar that's really yoki
that was really okay yes this is the
thing that'll kind of thicken do you go
back home and your mom still does any
cookie boy she does a little bit yeah
she still likes doing that Sunday lunch
thing so me she's still at back in
Gloucester where she lives and my
brother is still there and every now and
then I'm able to get back on a Sunday
lunch now you're in this position you
know there's lofted position as a chef
that you are now does she ever come
round to your place to eat and say son
we what are you doing does she ever
criticize or did she ever it's all pro
no it makes them all nervous and I have
to tell her off because you grow up with
your mum's cooking and absolutely love
it and then knowing that your mum can
cook like she's not a michelin-starred
chef but she can cook like most good
mums
she every now and then brings me out and
ask me the most ridiculous question like
when do I put the sprites on for a
Sunday there I know you've been doing it
50 years mum you know what to do they
just want to hear from you though they
just want a phone on there boy and say
listen I have been one playing about a
same thing about a pastry you want a
rich short cross a simple drop an egg in
it how would you think yeah drop a
negative okay I'll tell you because it
makes for their problems you get off the
French kids are Paul said drop an egg
yeah yeah no yeah that is probably true
really maybe which maybe remember some
friends own just checking when to put
the sprites on it's rated Liam taken
from me mum would you taken to the pub
to cook and it's been a massive hit
actually it's not it's not dishes as
such it's an attitude and that my mum's
love of food and that understanding we
grew up with my mum did not very much
money was a single parent
family bur when my mum cook she cooked
properly so whether it was a stew or
spaghetti bolognaise or whatever else of
that that attitude to to food being true
and lovely and flavorsome rather than
the cheap option on going down frozen
packets or whatever else that attitude
to food is one that has definitely been
installed with me that understanding of
trying to make sure that food is loved
and cared for and is fun as well yeah
exactly
when the double cream comes to the boil
Tom pours it onto the eggs and sugar and
whisks thoroughly before passing through
a sieve
right so I've got your aligned ovenproof
tray I'm just going to pour a little bit
of the custard into the bottom of it
yeah and then a sprinkle of raisins and
you can see that cuss is already
beginning to thicken and just from the
temperature I like it you're putting the
raises at the bottom as well
yeah with it I think a lot of people put
the bread at the bottom then pour the
custard and then it doesn't quite it
doesn't always settle it doesn't always
sit so this way we're just going to put
the bread on top and you can enjoy
getting your fingers messy in this one
Tom layers the buttered bread into the
tray before pouring on another layer of
creamy custard you can see that bread
start to absorb all the custard go all
nice and soft there's some more raisins
and then just don't be scared
push it in that's critical to me I've
seen so many bun buns ponies which is
not hit and it's still dry - almost
toast yeah there'd be nothing worse with
there than taking a spoonful of it and
getting yet a little bit of dry bread
yeah that's not bread pudding is it Tom
then repeats the process one more time
before leaving it's a sit for 20 minutes
so the break and absorb all that lovely
custard he then bakes it at 130 degrees
for 25 to 30 minutes until the custard
is set and this one has just been cut or
palpable you see it's just set up is a
bit runny custard underneath nothing
wrong with her bread is just absorb all
that custard flavor I'm gonna give it a
sprinkling Demerara sugar you look
through there I ask
solutely love it I think it's the best
thing ever and you know what it's not
always the posh ingredients you know I
like the cheaper stuff as long as it
tastes great it doesn't matter how much
it cost you know to me I mean there's
room for expensive ingredients and don't
get me wrong no levels so that you get a
beautiful beef Filat that that animal
that comes from also has an amazing
oxtail and a fantastic shin so give it
was a little bit cheaper it's still
gonna be fantastic and food I absolutely
love it
Tom adds a brûléed twist by giving his
pudding the blowtorch treatment did warm
up one of them know she did it here no
she didn't have a blowtorch granite the
lighter yeah yeah she had a lighter and
a really dodgy grill
I remember my mom's dodgy girl she still
got the same one yeah let's get you a
new open Bobby he's all don't worry if
you haven't got a blowtorch sticky
pudding under the grill for the same
effect a misting starts yet caramelize
miss sugar on a bread and also pudding
what more do you want explain it Oh a
big smile on the face because you're
looking at gay I mean I love the
listener I don't know let's go you lean
against an open door I'm a knight you
can't be now you're letting my absolute
legend can't wait to talk into that
Tom's mum's bread and butter pudding is
an absolute classic and the addition of
fresh nutmeg and caramelized sugar makes
this a truly sweet treat later more from
Tom he's got a surprise for me up his
sleeve and then this it's in recipes
from your mum
from my mom a challenge to bake my mum's
classics now I'm going to create my
mum's teatime treats they are ginger
biscuits and jam tarts on so what you
think
every now and then I like to recreate an
old classic maybe it's because I'm a bit
of an old classic myself my next recipe
includes an ingredients that was common
in medieval times but it's making a
comeback my next recipe is a pie using
one of those legendary food combinations
pork and apple but I want to add
something different to give it an extra
punch I've been told of a magical
medieval ingredients that fits the bill
and there are just a few people who
still make it this is Richard perdón one
of the very few producers in Britain
making this one usual ingredients that's
got so many chefs excited so what
exactly is it vashu is the juice of any
unripe