there we are Fremont skatepark that
worked incredibly well better than
anybody thought right
anybody oh man what in the world
wow that's cool b-but I feel like I'm
gonna get cut everywhere this is soda
can grip tape look at this board man
this board is just beat worse board at
the foot we're sport at the park rail me
and my friends are big fans of your
channel and I have made something very
interesting for out of you
this is a normal skateboard normal
skateboard we don't do that with soda
can grip tape ah feel so much better I
hope you guys have fun skating it it was
really fun to make please shout out to
me and my friends skits on instagram at
Maison Cairo I like your last name KY
our elf
shout out to at Mason Cairo and my
Instagram at that thing Michael v m jr.
underscore skates that right there and
that right there that would be awesome
shoutout complete you guys are amazing
and I have learned how to skate because
of you thanks so much Michael van meer
10 thank you michael van dyck 10 need
like a whole crew just to clean up the
garbage garbage true to bolter for 6-7
soda soda soda are you guys a thirsty
first soda I am yeah
so dope that's so hey I can't take it
yeah that's what we needed terrible puns
begin the terrible puns now how many
cans can a can or can a can or can can
can do you think this forward is crazy
enough to this like I'm the Lance crazy
scale what is this measure here we go a
little bit of tent really today it's a
really so it's only a three on the Lance
crazy scale I guess it depends how it
skates it's pretty cool though I like
the shininess yeah yeah I'm thinking
somebody's gonna fall and cut their oh
yeah
I'm scared darkslide that's what we
should do well be a light slide that
would be sick who can dark slide
Fetty ruin the boxes can it Kelly come
here in the game explain the game this
is kind of like Wheel of Fortune but not
a little bit more like jeopardy there's
three decks
you always pick from one deck and this
is like your basic trick like an ollie
and the second is like a variation of
the trick like so it's kind of like
backgammon sure more like monopoly and
this last one is the bizarre tricks like
all the over lands like chutes and
ladders the object of the game is to get
the most cards so the more these you
pick the better
oh it's like a heart that's mostly like
golf what happens if you don't land it
then it goes the next person who comes
up with these ideas
Rochambeau for who's first you had a
chance you have to do that one but then
you'd be like oh it's just an ollie
we'll let me put a variation in that
just cuz to make it harder to get
another one of course I get shove it so
now we're gonna do this on the pop can
skateboard yes soda pop so what's the
deal you wanted to go for wacky you want
to go for regular or just do it like
that and take the pony I'm gonna take
with this card first you can do go ahead
go now he does it but we don't have to
do no holy him oh this is gonna hurt do
you not know how I love this card
it'd be worse it could be the member
choose not to do it
look like Nigel Joe if you choose not to
do it then it will pass to the next
player and they can choose not bad he
gets to keep the card so the idea is to
get the most cards yep Oh both of those
are mine
those are yours so it's kind of like
Trivial Pursuit card it's low it's a lot
like the batteries oh yeah now I get it
kick foot grind what does that mean I
need you guys before he says it I'm
gonna call his trick kickflip 5050 Oh
how many tries to get just one try one
try
that was impressive for one try though
I'm so glad the notion is out of that
this isn't very judgmental here every
time sandy doesn't get it gets really
old very upset all it takes
yeah that's politics are brutal I'm just
gonna take from the top you know saying
manual on pad of your choice do it on
the tampon over Troy Troy get in the box
yeah I think it should be Manuel over
Troy Daniel this could go really bad
wait you gotta kind of what is that
board what do you think that's not over
Troy it doesn't say over Troy's legs
Troy come on be a team player
what is this try and get in there right
over isn't that he didn't hit Troy but
he didn't Manuel either fail does it
matter
yeah we have to put those back in
because now you could get this and over
Troy boardslide which i think is might
be impossible
we're gonna go whack e tied shoes
together boardslide tie your shoes
together
I love these cards that would work we
would just move remove you from the game
you know we've never done shoes tied
together on this channel first time for
everything and I can't stop laughing
[Applause]
food slide it's like a tough call
between is it gonna slide
two cards for Aaron that was a shoes
tied together boardslide on a pop soda
pop can skateboard you can't look at
that music reading them ollie
oh wow you can you can read the text
it's funny the top one says nali nali
nali three the three all the backside
bobble it during after her before they
have to lie on the bottle football yes
other question is that a crucial part of
everybody
do you need help I got you that moment
when that refreshing drink becomes a
burden I think that's game oh well too
much I think put it back come on what is
this back 180 on the big hip be amazing
that's like double pointers can we get
the slo-mo camera dang now I want to
keep trying that till we get it but not
today
yeah what if you got a lien ollie well
then you go do a holly venon ollie yeah
in a line ready on the kick foot front
side so that means it could be a part
flip or front side like 180 Oh
what please not get over Troy that's
impossible
kickflip frontside hippie jump no I know
you could do it do a kickflip under the
rail and then do a frontside 180 body
varial hippie jump yeah oh yeah that's
uh
I'll give you 12 bucks that's what you
get when you pick three cards dari
Carter's I'm just going with manual
that's it
oh this dirty guy man y'all on pad of
your choice and you blew it
no slide go we're here to go home those
letters were Troy never slide bottle
flip de Becque
suck it bottle flips may as well just do
this one fakie that's not too bad Bakey
no slide bottle flip during after or
before after not during that's so hard I
mean I can just go and grab the bottle
and in bottle flip right no it's got to
be like part of the trick oh really in
my opinion
[Applause]
that was amazing
you got those cards I always knew I was
really good at poker but you got five
cards whoo
Aaron's winning gotta catch up three
cards Manuel dang you got Manuel on the
pad it's my card holding another board
come on that's easy
no that's those are now on the bottle of
champagne that was good i straight luck
you set up for a pretty five minutes
straight that's acting the wing testing
the temperature whose 60-foot noise
please recycle
now it's manual you're always getting
the manuals good you may as well just
put the demands we'll just give that
card away
[Applause]
those pathetic
eighty-four double flip that's good I
got all the way to the bottom just to
see what it's hippie jump shouldn't have
put that at the bottom does that do they
have to be together so I could just do a
double flip and then a hippie chiming it
yeah I guess I think they have to be
together
that's so yeah it has to be like a
double flip if you jump on that case 180
backside double flip hippie jump yeah
that's it do I have to do it all
together can they separate I think they
have to be all together okay that's
three cards yeah three cards down I'm
still so heavenly in the lead it doesn't
really matter you actually did it yeah
first try you missed it
double flip dude I'm telling you I'm
that bored that's why I was like well I
mean it'll just throw this one you may
as well go the third card is the first
ever in history yeah there you go
that's where are you we're just gonna
give it to you just do a double flip and
then do is there anything in front of me
no no nope
[Applause]
depressed I was a good attempt yeah that
was do the best of us wasn't quite as
good as my attempt but we'll give it to
you
fifty-fifty variation nose manual
fifty-fifty nose is actually pretty
intense and so I'll just go like yeah
okay I mean come on what are you gonna
do guys yeah
get out 30 lighter so do you have five
cards I got three though well I think
we're just in the game now cuz I'm
already one gotta get my first
heelflip we're done that one listen
right here yeah 360 flip hole just um
there we go you totally had that over
Troy we're running out of normal cards
maybe we should do it to the end of the
normal cards another foot he'll flip
whatever is easier I don't know I don't
know how your heel flips are personally
I would go back 5050 heel flip
take it 360 who use someone else's board
Oh like a get-out-of-jail-free card
again it's sort of like a thumbs up kind
you're in the lead now all of a sudden
over time anybody can win this brutal
game except for Kelly he'll play that's
take it and go baby let's see you it's
alright not bad not bad not bad
you didn't land it without the blindfold
we gotta find the board now who's next
manual and pad of your choice
blindfolded that's impossible
let's go with this at this backside you
do a backside made good problem with
anything blindfolded and an obstacle is
you don't know where he'll place with
you please get that card out of here
quiet fool
oh my oh this hurts
for more cards stickers getting lucky
against air
I can't run a blindfolded frontside flip
this is easier than a blindfolded heel
flip I'll give it that
crazier than a blindfolded manual I got
it think about this Kelly frontside
kickflip frontside kickflip someone
opened up the can of worms put those
back in I won't look double flip man I'm
over this nollie if you miss the trick
you must buy job we need like a jump
cheese log Jamba Juice - I probably owe
like 15 Jon I use that over history how
do you manual hippie - oh he missed just
the manual so
oh that's cool how do you get that every
time there you go another one yeah I
would do it just do whatever I would do
it if I were you do it I were just doing
it I would just do it take another card
nollie kickflip holding another board
nollie kickflip psyches worst trick just
please get a card going oh that's harsh
manual three stair blindfold not do that
one put it up
once it's chosen that's your fate yeah
you can't pass the trick Hey
passing this up let's do it
let's go with me but you said one card
remain well Manuel is obvious Manuel
because that's the last one over Troy
you think I'm with two okay it's funny
how Troy it's automatically I need the
only one that's a variable that's sure I
spiked nobody else got put on the cards
oh it's good thing cuz Gabe's gone
[Applause]
pretty good
these guys need scape already made
simple volume two I'll just stop like
that came back that covers Manuel yes so
wait how many cards do you have
Betty I don't know how many cards do you
have I'll tell you me Manuel that's it
just do it nope hit man or the hip yes
yes but what if it says over Troy no no
choice it's on the hip all of our man
goes down the other side that's not over
for Troy sits on the backside of helping
you Manuel up and then pop over Troy oh
yeah or you just Manuel over Troy's
fingers
I would have been good
he's popping out okay let's see what it
is manual on pad of your choice oh yeah
180 you're not gonna go for one boy oh
[Applause]
gosh manual hit each other the hips you
guys got a hold around I think so what
do you think Nigel say no I know I mean
daddy's taking the manual how many cards
you got 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
let's see what you got no you can't now
you carry yours I want a recount this is
not in the letter I'll do it fair ready
Erin mine yours just get out of your
core five six seven eight nine ten yeah
ten one two three four five six seven
dang man there can only be one winner
and it was not me I want to see what it
was me it was Nigel yeah I think we read
the other ones if you want to see the
other ones watch the next episode oh
okay let's leave it at that
hang the cliff finger hang liner if you
guys have some that you want to see
leave in the comments we could use this
all right thank you think you think you
think you think you think you thank you
I think that that couldn't have gotten
any weirder and crazier we'll find out I
mean half-cab noseslide bottle flip so
thank you for sending us this board this
was really really awesome really
incredible if you guys have a board
descendants
send it to this email address please
like subscribe leave a comment below
thank you for everything
definitely check out skateboarding made
simple it's available on all these
platforms iBooks Braille skateboarding
comm and Google Play it's the most
comprehensive video we've ever made and
it teaches skateboarding better than
anything else out there you won't be
disappointed
you