what do you want why are you so fussy
why are your knees turning brown what's
wrong with you hey guys what's going on
welcome back to my channel if this is
the first time you're discovering this
my name is Christian also known as a
crazy plant guy I mostly do plat videos
on this channel if you have not
subscribed yet be sure to hit that
button you can also follow me on
Instagram crazy plant value that's where
I am pretty much every day doing my Asus
stories and daily posts in this video I
want to share with you guys my hair tips
and how to care for Kalia specifically I
have four of them that I want to show
you guys at the art part of the morontia
family so they are better known as the
prayer plants red player plant or the
lemon line prayer plant also the two non
c'Ã¨ instrument they are also part of
that family and the one thing cool about
these plants is the art known for their
folding characters so at night time the
release will fold up and during the
daytime your leaves will fall down so
pretty cool plants that have not only
because of that they're very beautiful
but in this case I want to show you guys
the four polytheists that I do have I
have the orbit folia or nada latifolia
and the zipper you know what so I
recently got these guys and you have
ever gonna clay that you know how fussy
they are but you know generally speaking
they are pretty easy to care for once
you kind of get a hang on what they need
or once you figure out what they do need
they can be tricky sometimes if you are
a beginner I would suggest to not get
achalasia until maybe you've done your
research and learn a little bit more
about you know the type of plants that
need certain humidity level and whatnot
but when it comes to whether it's a
meringue
to Nantes hurmati or all the colleges
here they do share common general care
tips like when it comes to lighting they
do prefer medium sometimes even low
light right now I have a south-facing
window a fairly large facing window and
then actually keep my Kalitta's Arantes
about 10 to 12 feet back that's because
you know they do not like to be in
bright indirect light so they prefer
mediums sometimes even low light and
right now I have them back here which is
about I would say 12 feet away from the
Sun and I think we are typically good
there for all summer long as well as
during the winter the marantz has been
there for about maybe a year now and
he's thriving really well so when it
comes to watering these guys they do
prefer to be more on the moist side so I
typically will water them when they are
about 90 percent dry I never let them
dry out if you do that you know the
leaves will turn brown and yellow so
avoid making sure that they do get dried
out at the same time you do not want
them wet or sitting in water so you need
to kind of figure out what the right
balance is and when - why are these guys
but my rule of thumb is I check my
Morales and Colitis every other day I
feel their soil I just take my finger in
about an inch down just kind of get a
sense on if they do need to be watered
again and of course when it comes to
watering any plants you want to make
sure that you do water them well allow
the water to go through the drainage
hole and before you put them back in the
decorative pot or before or any location
you have them in when it comes to the
soil that I typically will use if I was
to repot some of these guys is my rule
of thumb is I do about 55 to 60 percent
premium potting mix and then I'll throw
in about 40 percent cacti soil and then
the rest perlite just add a bit of
drainage you know having more of the
premium potting mix will keep a bit of
the moisture in the soil but not allow
it to again you know
have the plants sitting in water or you
let's well where it will cause food rot
now the other thing about when it comes
to watering and for those of you guys
who can have experience with Callay
Thea's I would recommend using filtered
or distilled water and that's because
sometimes the chemicals in tap water
causes the leads to Brown or your the
edges of your leads to brown and again
we're going to get to some more of the
carrots and why the leaves turn brown
and give you guys a bit of a tips of
what I do to to avoid the leaf from
browning but one thing is obviously to
avoid that is use filtered water
distilled water if you don't have a
filter or you don't want to spend money
on distilled water you know let water
sit for 24 hours before using them that
will typically remove all the chemicals
in the tap water I've done that a few
times to actually do that for my what
Cisco I'm looking at it right now hold
on this guy the peel yeah there you are
that so I will use the filtered or water
for the peel yeah and that's you know
ever since I started doing that he's
stopped having brown leads around holes
on this leaves like see back here so
that's what typically what happen
sometimes with the tap water because of
the chemicals that you have but we're
not talking with a billion a year we're
talking about Caligula's hold on Calise
yes so this is my orbit folia which is
one of my favorite color yes and I like
this because of their foliage at this
candy cane stripe look and these guys
can grow really massive I've seen a
couple of beautiful ones on Instagram
and yeah I mean I love it and the only
thing with this is they are fussy and
again they are prone to getting brown
edges this one also the latifolia and
the our de Naga that you guys see right
here as well as the Sabrina Sabrina I
actually don't have issue
yet with browning of the leaves maybe
the reason why is because I do have a
humidifier now so the reason why these
plans typically get round edges is they
prefer to be in humid condition or have
high humidity and if you live in a
location like where I am that typically
doesn't get a lot of humidity especially
indoors is you kind of have to create
your own humid environment so a couple
ways to do that with your plans are you
know I used to do this and I still do it
to this day I would actually miss my
plans once a week twice a week so if you
don't have a humidifier or you don't
have a humid environment make sure you
miss your plants once or twice a week
very easy to do and that's it we will
help again make sure your water is
filtered or distilled and that typically
will help if you don't have a mister or
one of those spray bottles what you can
do is actually put the tray and pebbles
trick so here what you're going to do is
get a tray put some rocks or pebbles
pour water in it and then put your plant
on top of it and that will typically
create humidity with the water evaporate
into the air creating moisture around
your plants and making sure that your
plants receive that moisture humidity
where they avoid they don't have people
turn round like this another trick as
well I guess the simpler thing to do is
get a humidifier so I recently just got
one here I got this one in Amazon I'm
gonna provide a link below if you guys
want to get an idea on the humidifier I
use but this one is a cool misting one
so I have to make sure the water I use
are filtered and yeah it does the job I
turn it on you know for a good hour two
hours twice a week what I also do is I
actually group the plants together and
then I turn on the humidifier making
sure that they are all evenly getting
the humidity that they need another way
to also create you may be for your
plants is group your plans together
typically plants that require
humidity will create their enmity when
they are grouped together so that's why
I have all my qualities in the same
location because they does help with
that said guys these are really tricky
you know I've been using humidifier in
this guy for a while and even his new
leaves
I know it's trying to have brown edges
so I'm still trying to figure him out
and I think that's one thing when it
comes to plants is you do need to kind
of work with them and moderate them to
make sure that you know they are getting
what they need another thing too is
maybe get a moisture meter or humid
humidity meter that way you can actually
get a good idea on the level of humidity
you have in your home and then increase
the humidity with a humidifier if you
need to or not but that is pretty much
it guys nothing more to it other than
you know again make sure to be only get
medium light low light at least and no
bright light keep the soil moist evenly
moist not wet and miss your plants are
great humidity for your plants because
they do need that type of environment to
avoid a lot of these Brown edging but
yeah other than that if you guys have
any other questions feel free to comment
below and I will get to them as soon as
I can
hopefully you guys are enjoying your
weekend and if you have not following
you it's a grand be sure to follow me
there because that's where pretty much I
live my life other than that hopefully
you guys have a great day and I'll see
you guys soon please
you