hey guys it's Jeff from personal login
today I'm gonna make a soup like I said
lots of soups coming in the colder
months that's one of my favorites as you
know again I love Chinese food it's one
of my favorite things in the world to
make and since the hot and sour soup was
such an enormous success I figured I'm
going to make another soup that's very
very common when you go to a Chinese
restaurant what order is some takeout
this suit is an egg-based soup and it's
going to have a little bit of drops of
egg in the soup so I think I've already
spoiled them for you by saying we're
making egg drop soup guys it's also one
of the easiest things you can not only
make in your instant pot but of anything
you can do in life it's the easiest
thing ever it takes absolutely no time
at all
the only prep you have to do is slice
some scallions and I'm telling you here
and now you're gonna absolutely love
this soup this egg drop soup is so
incredibly good you're gonna end up
doing a mic drop at the end so guys
let's get to it right away egg drop
we'll start with a bunch of scallions
which has about five or six of them or
so and then slice them up so we're gonna
start by adding four cups of chicken
broth to the instant pot then I'm gonna
add in a teaspoon of ground ginger 1/2 a
teaspoon of garlic powder 1/4 of a
teaspoon of white pepper a key
ingredient in many Chinese dishes one
teaspoon of seasoned salt and a half a
teaspoon of sesame oil and then give
everything a nice stir before we add our
lid to the top of the pot so now secure
our lid on the ultra or automatically
instant position if you're on the duo
series make sure you turn the switch to
a sealing position come down to the pot
and hit pressure cook on the ultra model
and on the duo series it'll say manual
and we're gonna adjust the time so we're
on for three minutes i pressure that's
it
now obviously they're not gonna call
this egg drop soup without our star
greeting in here I'm talking to the eggs
we're gonna take four of them but we're
only gonna use the whole eggs of two of
the eggs and just the egg whites of the
other two and then crack them into a
bowl now the reason why I'm only taking
two whole eggs into egg whites is
because we want more of the egg whites
and the eggs themselves otherwise it'll
make everything a little bit too yellow
in color we want there to be enough
white in there as well it's an
impressive way to be the perfect balance
now take a whisk and let's come on great
now let's just set that aside and
because we want our soup to be a little
thick and consistency we're gonna take
two tablespoons of cornstarch and
combine it with two tablespoons of water
equal parts and then mix it together so
it goes for like a cement-like
consistency to a nice smooth one set
that aside as well and now that we're
all done with so a quick release
all right the pin drops of the lid comes
off and well nice and simple or soup is
already perfect next step I'm gonna come
down to the pot and hit the cancel
button and then I'm gonna go down to
saute and then I'm gonna select that and
I'm going to adjust the bottom so we're
on the high or the more setting
depending on your model and just hit
start and then let's bring everything to
a bubble and as we're waiting for it to
come to a bubble we're gonna add in our
scallions now we're gonna add a quarter
of a teaspoon of turmeric this is going
to give the soup its classic yellow
egg-drop color so now just give
everything a stir and we want to bring
everything to a little bit of a bubble
and once it begins to bubble we're going
to add in our cornstarch slurry and
immediately stir it around for about
about one to two minutes while it
continues to bubble and as it bubbles
it's gonna thicken and after about a
minute of bubbling we're gonna come down
to the pot and we're going to simply hit
cancel off so turn the pot off and then
let's let our bubbles die down and
you're gonna see the soup will have
thickened it's that fantastic egg drop
soup consistency we all know and love
see I told you once the bubbles die down
and it's picking up all right now let's
add our eggs in there and as soon as we
add our eggs in immediately stir and
watch this magic take place look at that
our soup is now becoming egg drop soup
with ribbons of egg swirled all
throughout and looking absolutely
beautiful look at that fabulous egg drop
soup guys doesn't look like an egg drop
soup you get in a Chinese restaurant
it's so incredibly delicious
now some people like corn in there and
me included if you want a little bit of
sweetness and put some corn in there
just add the corn when you add the
scallions but I'm gonna leave them out
for now we're ready to lay to listen to
balls let's get going
and run into a bowl and see that
turmeric and how it really adds the
color to this soup that's fantastic and
there we go all right and if you have
some of those little chow mein noodles
you can drop them in on top and sprinkle
them if you like I love those but
unfortunately I forgot to get some but
by all means feel free to put some on
top all right let's try this amazingness
out okay I love a nice big bowl soup
especially when it's Chinese food soup I
couldn't even tell the difference if
this was in a Chinese restaurant or made
in my instant pot right here in my
Jewish kitchen mmm oh it's fabulous
you know soup is magnificent absolutely
magnificent it has everything you'd want
an egg drop soup tons of egg ribbons in
there an amazing thick nice consistency
to it with the cornstarch that thickened
it up a bit the flavors of the chicken
and a little bit of the spice when the
white pepper makes such a big difference
and of course an amazing beautiful egg
drop soup color and that turmeric really
adds to the color of the soup mmm look
at this look at this look at this
amazingness and as you can see it's a
practically no time to make at all one
of the easiest soups you can make right
up there with the egg lemon OpCo lemon
Oh soup that I've made as well guys I
can't stress enough how simple and
phenomenal the instant pot make soups
and it's just one of the easiest recipes
you can make and also one of the taste
is if you enjoy these videos go to
pressure cooking calm I have tons of
recipes there are tons of tips I have
pretty much everything you'd want every
recipe is written out you can print them
you can save them to any Pinterest board
by hovering over a photo and hitting
save button in the upper left corner go
to facebook.com slash press your luck
cooking that is my facebook page like
the page you're going to be notified of
every new recipe that drops every tip if
there's ever a sale on instant pot items
that are good I will post it there you
don't want to miss out on that follow me
on twitter at pressure lock whenever a
recipe also drops you will see it on
twitter don't miss those alerts
Instagram I have it all subscribe to me
on youtube guys thank you so much again
for all your support and egg drop soup
drops now
[Music]