doesn't get much better than a chicken
Kiev I don't think so this is from
Ukraine it's delicious this reminds me
of so many amazing family dinners this
was one of the only sort of ready meals
we had as kids was frozen Kiev's you
just put finding the other one problem
butter always seems to separate from the
chicken it does that it melts when it
cooks so we had a try our very very best
to keep the butter inside the chicken so
first off we're going to make the butter
which is an entire bowl of garlic so if
you can just crush that and separate it
into its individual and cloves
the reason being we're going to roast
them off so it becomes much much sweeter
um how you doing there okay I'll get it
I don't see
britmore uploaded in there and the
reason we do this is it was soften them
it was sweeten them it'll be absolutely
amazing so in with all the garlic a
generous amount of olive oil and then
that goes into an oven at about 140 150
degrees Celsius so quite a low oven for
15-20 minutes until those garlic cloves
are really soft and squidgy and they
will look a little bit like this okay so
your garlic oil we have made garlic oil
because what we want are these
beautifully sweet cloves of garlic that
literally just dissolve in your
fingertips we're going to come back to
those in a minute because we need those
to make a garlic butter next up though
crispy bread crumbs yes I cover the
outside of our chicken so relatively
stay all bread it's kind of a bit naff I
wouldn't do that oh I'm not sure even
Ducks would appreciate this but it's
kind of a good way using up stale bread
so break that up into focus a blitz up
because you want a really fine crumb so
it sticks to the outside of the chicken
later on so what we won't need we've got
our bread crumbs is the other two parts
of the pan a process flour and eggs
flour and egg so we've got a big bowl of
plain flour nothing needs tap into that
other than a bit of salt and pepper and
then we've got 3/8 which I'm just going
to crack into another bowl and whisk up
so we've got beaten eggs really really
simple
okay now we're going to do is transfer
it back into the same dish but if you
just do it through a sieve it will get
rid of any large pieces we want a really
fine dust or breadcrumb Europe now we
could just leave it as plain breadcrumbs
but where's the fun in that we're going
to add an extra flavour to it in the
form of lemon zest or and a couple of
tablespoons of paprika amazing good this
is this is my thinking on my cooking
food from scratch when it's a dish that
you could buy from a supermarket if
you're going to cook it from scratch
make it better I think we're going to be
doing that a couple of different ways
first of all using chicken breasts
rather than the scraggly bits of chicken
that they usually make a cure exactly
and then adding some extra flavor flavor
and hopefully keep the roots is roasted
garlic inside rather than just a
weakling this isn't just recreating a
supermarket dish this is taking it
another five levels up absolutely yes so
now for the added flavor yup the we're
going with lemon and paprika I think
it's quite light summer we're going to
serve this later on the salad but you
can put whatever you want in it so now
we've got rid of bread crumbs we can go
in with softened butter so for the blade
back in all of the butters an entire
pack Jon and 50 grams it's gonna make
more than with you today but if you're
making garlic butter you might as well
make lots forgot you said it was
softened yes stop and tell soup and then
squeeze out all of these beautiful
cloves and you can add those in as well
wait for it generous chunk of fresh
parsley lid on blend it up that's an
amazing body butter
at which point we need to set up in
order to be able to actually use it so
I've got a sheet of cling film and all
we're going to do is basically spoon and
scrape that into the middle of there one
long kind of sausage so now we talked
about this earlier the fact that this
dish comes from Ukraine traditionally
has any other Ukrainian dish like spread
out to the world and become a firm
family favorite anywhere else much dumpy
there what other Ukrainian dishes should
we know about I think I really not quite
should all be learning we should be
learning comment down below let us know
what I've done what you're doing about
that is made a garlic butter sausage oh
and what you need to do is solidify it
so basically this is going to be a lot
more than we need so this will go into a
fridge and here's what I made as your
week ago you've got two garlic butter
sausages yeah well this is actually I
made literally week ago and every so
often you just go in you cap it off use
it whether you want put it on a piece of
pork that you throw a piece of pork to
garlic bread the obvious one through
pasta all you will have to do now is
construct everything together
lovely so grab yourself a chicken breast
so we're going to cut in and all the way
down quite the weight deep so almost
like you're butterfly in the chicken so
you're going in but not right around the
side whatever you do don't go through
the bottom so what we want to do is make
a cavity or a pocket in there it's going
to hold the butter later on we're going
to seal it in flour egg and break it I
don't feel you smoking by my shoulder
further that's fine you ever thought
well becoming a plastic surgeon
no wonder oh right in here
butter just kind of push it in oh and it
goes down the more butter you get in the
better it's going to be but remember as
it but remember as things cook they
expand and the chicken will shrink so
don't over fill the cavity that's only
half of it because there's every chance
that will still leak out because you
haven't sealed it what you now need to
do is put through flour egg and
breadcrumb and it's that casing it in
flour and egg that seals in
that might be okay but I'm not taking
any chances night so at this point make
sure it's pushed down where your pocket
was and we go again into egg and then
back into there and you can see the
beautiful color it's interesting because
lots of people usually tell us off with
double dipping but this this time we're
doing it properly do exactly the same
with the other one if you are doing this
on your own go one dry hand one wet hand
and you still save a panic process from
attacking your fingers so there we go
two chicken kids we're gonna cook both
of these off now they need to fry in oil
first
so we'll pre-heat your pan with olive
oil on the back but to that we're also
going to add some of that garlic oil
that we roasted our garlic close off so
you get a bit of garlic in the oil as
well nice so we're only starting the
process off in the pan just give it
golden color and your crunch gonna
finish it in the oven uniform got two
layers one for you one for me how about
that perf don't be shy on the oil either
because you need to get that nice crunch
she's like a proper shallow fry and then
we're going to transfer it to another
which we preheated at 180 degrees
Celsius and chicken breast this size
about 15 minutes you want it to cook all
way through the middle and melt the
butter and there we go both of our key
airs releases moguls incredible they're
sitting in a little puddle of butter we
suggest that this one here might have
used a little bit you can just see it
using out if we take this and just cut
it crispy bread crumb and cut it to a
few pieces so still in there
there it goes
now remember to comment down below let
us know what other Ukrainian food should
we be eating absolutely because this
thing is one of my favorite one of the
national dishes it's our version of a
chicken Kiev salt assorted salt II
thought it simple side side of rocket
that equally good with steamed vegetable
mashed potato is so good that is lovely
the lemon is quite a selection but it is
there just a lil bit of freshness when
you get the paprika as well that's
that's good that's a good key really
good where you do don't forget to Like
and subscribe I have what fun
you