Everage galvanized steel edging is a
wonderfully simple product but the key
to a good installation is all in the
preparation your first job will be to
mark out the area and the shape that you
want to edge using a plumb line or piece
of string secondly you will need to
prepare the ground by cutting a nice
clean face using a spade or a Halfmoon
blade this is essential in order to
ensure that the average will have a
great finish finally remove the excess
turf but make sure to keep Sun just in
case you need to backfill later now lay
your edging strips along your edge so
that they are easily accessible when you
need them using a vise a workbench block
of wood or even another piece of
leverage it is easy to form the edging
strips to any angle you desire giving
you a nice clean corner every edge can
also be easily flexed to create
virtually any shape or curve that you
may need for strength and aesthetic
reasons it is good to have a 90 degree
angle at the start and the finish of
your installation interlock the sections
of Shame making sure that the average
logo is always facing forwards a good
tip here is to scrape the teeth in the
ground this will help you better prepare
the area now keeping your foot on the
previous join drive the ever edge into
the ground until the top edge is flush
where your soil and grass meets once
you've installed two or three pieces use
a screwdriver to push the tongue on the
bottom join to about 45 degrees one of
the many joys of every edge is that the
curves can be easily formed and will not
need to be pre bent just remember that
tip to keep your foot on the previous
join as you were driving the average in
once your ever edge is fully installed
it will relieve you of hours of endless
maintenance and will leave your edges
tidy and defined
you