today we're making the Bahama Mama yummy
what do fathers want for Father's Day
cool stuff from awesom drinks.com just
ask them use our coupon code welcome com
man cocktails I'm your host ER schmer
I've got with me I was going to say the
kurd but that's not the Curtis that's U
the Ian least interesting man in the
world yes thank you just don't call him
Kurt you call him least interesting man
in the world and you can't shorten your
name nope it's Ian you say e me e no now
you sound like you're some sort of weird
rapper sound like a montrage we're
making a Bahama Mama the Bahama Mama
this is part of the popularity contest
submitted by Eric this recipe's got one
half white rum 2 oz orange juice 2 oz
pineapple juice 1 oz of coconut cream 1
oz I'm reading right down the list dude
1 o of spiced drum that you're going to
float on the top little grandine you
going float that on the top little
splashy
Splash yeah splishy Splash so what's the
first drink you're going to drink when
you get to Tails of the cocktail uh it
depends whatever they serve on the bus
from the airport
okay when you get find a bus no not yet
I I'll find a bus if you find a bus then
you got to like invite me the first
drink yeah I was thinking like a sazar
but New Orleans or vuk V how you say v
no it's Vare I
think what is it GNA be
be be in in Vare no uh beignet in coffee
in Bourbon what's bourbon bourbon street
so it's going to you have to Bourbon
this no it's going to be like a saz or
it's going to be a k AAL new orange
juice a noral New Orleans summer I hope
so like kind of rainy and stuff it
didn't rain on us yeah but it was a nice
temperature we need pineapple juice this
right yes we do down there Shake
straining and I need that right
now what are you doing trying to open it
but you took it yeah your fingers yeah
do that I'm a man like that I don't you
probably don't bite your fingernails
nope I do so I have to open them with
with my
cuticles is that right no no but it
sounds good right I I bite really far
down stop thinking and give me ice it
Mak a really strong cuticle so give me
ice the reason I pull the bardi for this
drink is because Derek begrudgingly
loves bardi we've had two blind tastings
with rums right and bardi art came out
as one of his favorite spice rums blind
tasting and the regular bicardi you did
a tasting of and you love blindly also
right unfortunately yes every time I
blind taste bicardi and bicardi people
just hate because bardi is a big name
and people want to hate on the man
doesn't mean it's bad no and I I didn't
like this when I first tried it either
and then I felt like it was bad and then
we did that tasting with my old bottle
and because it won the blind it Won Won
it won the blank with a crapo of spiced
rums one of our favorite spiced rums so
I bought that and I like this it just
opened for the first time we had it did
did you hear it correct I did I bought
that because we I would have not bought
that had it not been for winning the
blind tasting I bought that with my own
money what's funny is I heard about this
stuff we were on a cruise yours with my
family and uh dad and Bruce they had
bardio cart it was just coming out I
think in the states anyway dad and Bruce
my brother-in-law love this stuff
they're having rums and cokes with bardi
oart the whole Cruise it's almost all
they
drink and i' never heard of it before
that yeah and well is it's fairly new so
I mean it's still kind of new but there
there has been when it's a big brand
like bicardi it's usually easy to get
well-known product yes um because you
just everybody's got to if they carry
bicardi they usually will carry other
bicardi products without question um
there's your Bahama Mama people you can
see the the bardi floating on top too
yes it's cuz I floated it that's that's
that what you did you're just going to
drink it right off the
top all right just
oh he's going to die
vomit do I get a straw or is that just
are we sharing the same straw it's like
you get this
straw everybody always complains oh
you're drinking from the same glass like
gay sex I'm like no no I just figured
I'd want the straw because I wanted to
penetrate the Spiced Rum penetrate the
Spiced Rum get right in there P the
Spiced Rum it penetrated it why are all
my straws [ __ ] tiny like I have big
ass straws are there none in there nope
I like 7,000 like literally 7,000 put
them in that is a good mix of coconut
and pineapple so here's here's it's
rummy it's sweet it's tropical simple
where where is he in here he's in here
uh it was muchi is moci the caty he or
she uh muchi to rmy is that thing no
it's not too rummy two it's either they
said two rumy to Pineapple um maybe it's
heavy PT lotion coconut it's suntan
lotion no it's a whim who wants to know
oh it's a whim yes whim whim who's had
three Bahama Mamas today trying to find
them oh is that whim from the whim Jim
juice must be whim Jin juice I don't
know one else name you know what we're
not getting pineapple grenadine because
it sank to the bottom cuz it's quality
grenadine well well technically all Gren
has lots of sugar so it's going to sink
to the bottom but where did it go the
bottom did you just but no no no no
where listen to me listen there's so
normally when something SS to the bottom
you see red do you see red there no it
integrated itself in but it it
integrated in and kind became yellow or
a darker it integrated is that another
word yeah no it's integrated no it's
word okay cool uh there an integration
that took place is there it is it's like
continuous [ __ ] science continuous
integration [ __ ] science you can
never take it apart us
Jenkins I like it I like everything
though but I like that it's it's it's
sweet it is sweet I think the biggest
component I get out of is a cream of
coconut yeah like it to me though that
doesn't taste like suntan
lotion it tastes more like the the the
flavor profile of a p colada yes than
that like a San lotion is Malibu coconut
you get like a mouth feel with this yeah
like a slightly gritty or grainy mouth
feel but it's not bad because this is
stuff so so tasty and in a lot of the re
some of the ways you get rid of that
greenness is you blend it and then you
know like a p colada right you don't get
the graininess anymore I see this being
blend oh yeah yeah I mean if you blend
this up in like a crap like big thick
like tall mound of like ice and that
would be on top of cherry cherry you do
the Vodka Sil Cherry with white
chocolate and blue did you see these
things the Fourth of July cherries you
take a bunch of Maric skino cherries and
you like soak them in alcohol for a
night then you dip them in melted white
chocolate halfway so you get the red and
the white and they dip it in blue
powdered sugar
huh that's sound SC doesn't it I want
one now I know we should do that right
now no we're going to do right later
Fourth of July Fourth of July so where
do you get blue powdered sugar it's like
blue crystal sugar crystal blue sugar
blue food coloring it if you put blue
food coloring in Sugar doesn't it just
turn into a liquid you dip it in a blue
Powder of some sort some kind blue
sprinkles like said blue Sprinkles open
your mind my mind is open all right Neo
question day question of day oh yeah
question of the day um I integrate every
day um would you rather have less work
to do or more work you actually enjoy
doing more work I actually enjoy doing
yep what was that J J oh she wants more
work me too you enjoy doing I would
rather I already do a lot of work so I'd
rather keep that workload and just like
it all yeah you do a lot of things you
like though don't you yeah 75% yeah it's
the problem is that the 25% I don't like
is 50% of my day yeah it pays 100% yeah
it's like why can't you enjoy doing
something that actually makes the same
money as your salary job what what what
besides prostitution if you do what you
enjoy doing you'll never work a day in
your life cuz that Field's not
hiring exactly that's the problem that
is nobody's hiring in my field and if
you enjoy doing it if you do it for a
job the chances are you're not going to
enjoy doing it anymore right no no I
don't I think I could if if like there's
people who do YouTube has a job right I
could completely not see a problem with
that like oh I've got to make a video
today and somebody's going to pay me
$250,000
oh oh I got a sponsor instead of the a
check for $400 I geted a check for
$200,000 or 20,000 or 25,000 or even
5,000 like what a rough life dude
whenever I see somebody being successful
on YouTube I hate them like like people
win in the lottery yeah we hate you no
but that's different because I didn't
play the ticket so I didn't have a
chance of winning right so I don't care
I'm playing this ticket so I should be
winning [ __ ] everybody else you are
playing the ticket I know play that
ticket and it is a bone it
is it is always coming up makes people
laugh it does uh it it's always going up
one or two numbers off yeah I don't want
a lot of subscribers I just want a lot
of money zeros yeah so that's why you
should just go buy from aes.com that's a
big ass
and you get your Boston shakers and
strangers and ofy if you like black
Boston shakers do I have the deal for
you just buy them how many dozen do you
have I have a thousand of them black
Boston shakers at least no no that's
probably not true I have 531 cuz I have
500 polished ones and 531 black ones and
then like a shitload of samples that but
yeah I came in from India a lot of
Boston shakers I got a little a little
bit [ __ ] on that but they said they're
going to make it up for me someday
someday if we ever get big enough to
sell more short story for you I haven't
heard that thing go off I don't even
know if it's going the so so I I ordered
these from India right good go nice I
ordered these rece I ordered these
things from India yes right so it was I
paid everything door to door yes their
door to mine yes being India's
manufacturing facility to my house yes
well they came into the country
something went wrong and how they were
packed so they had to put them on a
pallet so like you were going to charge
you $10 for the pallet which is double
what it should have cost me but whatever
like fine like and it's $90 in just
general taxes I'm like whatever 90
divided by 1,000 no big deal and then
they're like and it's going to be
$2,700 for storage fees like excuse me
what are you storing it just showed up
now what they didn't tell me is it
showed up and and because they they
couldn't figure out how to get on a
pallette apparently five days went by
you get the first five days free at the
storage facility where they got to go
through clearance yeah 3 weeks it's s in
storage I'm like I only knew about it
for a week I have 5day grace period to
get that [ __ ] out of storage before they
start charging you fees but they let you
know it's there I could have rented yeah
I could have rented a house in Cambridge
or Boston for less money than a th000
tins sitting on a pallet in a cold
storage facility someplace yeah give me
a [ __ ] break did you tell them to
just keep them yeah very close and I
went to I went to the guy in India and
I'm like I think my my butt is in some
pain right now I just paid almost
yeah I I was like I almost paid as much
for my tins as I did for the storage of
them for like no time and he I don't
know what he did but he he called up and
all a sudden they're like well we're
going to reduce it to to $940 I'm like
I'm pissed off but it's [ __ ] better
what still still so I had to pay $1,000
for them to sit there to get through
customers that's so he and he so what he
did is the guy is like in your ass 500
of those
so and the guy from me is like I got
this I I'll pay it they're like oh we
can't accept payments overseas they have
to be from here he's like come on so
he's giving me credit if I order again
but I got to order like 3,000 of them
I'm like well maybe someday if my fans
buy a shitload of shakers hint hint hint
I could get more from you but right now
I've got five years worth of Shaker cans
you would think they would be
streamlined and there'd be there'd be a
little better process involved put this
way the guy in India spoke better
English than the people that brought
this in in our country okay very it was
I was very annoyed I'm like you you
don't you it was bad um so importing new
experience for me not liking it that's
it go make yourself a b Mama because w i
me is damn good tast like coconut in
your pants tasty as hell Y and it's
about time for tropical drinks it is
that I'm getting hot I'm sweating why is
that get your tropic on get your tropic
on
forri yeah
[Music]
thing the dollar store they don't have
D you're buying a dildo for a dollar
you're buying it wrong I'm trying to get
creative like a pot smoker you're going
to need pot smokers make everything into
a
bomb you make somebody