hi everyone this is Harris afar and
welcome to my youtube cooking channel on
today's session is a very easy recipe
which is very good for breastfeeding
mothers good for someone who's not
feeling well and looking for a comfort
food anyone who has a cold in this
winter weather and this one is the
Afghan chicken broth soup we have games
call this yummy soup and it's very easy
recipe so let's take a look at the
ingredients all right guys the recipe
for a yummy soup which is the Afghan
chicken broth here I have is half a
pound of chicken breast with bone-in so
you want to make sure that the bone is
there but again it's entirely up to you
which part of the chicken you want to
use I try not to use the chicken
drumsticks because it has a really
strong smell so other than that you can
choose to go with the breast just like
mine but make sure there's a bone in we
need a small to medium size of sliced
onions I have a garlic here two clove of
garlic and cilantro here some people use
a cilantro for this recipe some don't so
you can make this one optional if you
want to here I have is a clove of sticks
that really helps to maintain the smell
of the chicken especially for some of
you who doesn't like this strong smell
the chicken for the broad so you can use
few cloves sticks here and turmeric
powder I personally like to use for this
recipe but some don't so you can make
this one optional if you want to and
then we need basic salt and black pepper
so let's go to the making of the yummy
soup so in a pot you're going to begin
by adding 1 to 2 tbsp of oil next you're
gonna add the onions alright guys so
it's very important that you don't burn
the onions it's been about 2 minutes
I've been sucking and stirring this
onion next add the garlic and the clove
steak and just leave it for another a
minute next you're going to start to add
the chicken to this
after you add the chicken and you had a
chance to stir it
make sure you add some hot boiling water
about begin with four cups about four
cups of hot water and it's entirely up
to you if you need to add some more
water but I added about four cups so if
you need more you can go ahead now begin
but adding some salt to this about a
tables excuse me a teaspoon or as you
need it and some black pepper black
pepper is really good for this recipe
because it helps with the chicken smell
and all too so about half a teaspoon as
I mentioned in the beginning that adding
turmeric powder is optional because some
people don't like the yellow look of
this I personally do because it does
makes difference with the flavor so add
about a pinch of our turmeric powder to
this if you like and then just a little
bit of coriander leaves it's also known
as scent cilantro just about a
tablespoon once it comes to boil you're
going to place your heat on a medium
cover the top and you're going to let
this get cooked for about 10 to 12
minutes or as it need it alright guys so
let's take a look at this yummy which is
the chicken broth soup and it smells so
delicious the color looks great so this
is ready to be served now the reason the
smells really good because of the clove
stick and the flavors of cilantro here
alright guys so it's time to drain this
so the reason that I drained this soup
because a lot of people is picky they
don't want the onions and the spices to
get in there so that's the reason I
drink the soup first
I have sliced some of the chicken here
which I'm just going to pour it on in
the middle here all right so our yakhni
soup is ready which is the Afghan
chicken broth I also have the chicken on
the side which of course you can serve
this here I'm just going to pour a
little sprinkle a little bit of more
black pepper if you wish and make sure
you taste for the salt and if you want
you can pour in some more cilantro here
just for the flavor more and you can
serve this for with a side of a toast
anon bread it's even the chicken is very
tasty the smell is just great I'm going
to sprinkle some more black pepper here
as well and you can start this for
anyone who's not feeling well for
yourself
if you want you can also cool this down
and freeze this in your freezer because
if you make any other soup recipes you
can use this brought for it instead of
buying from outside if you want to for
any of your recipe dishes that requires
a chicken broth other than that I hope
you guys enjoyed this easy recipe do
leave me your feedback give me a thumbs
up and thank you for watching today's
session don't forget to subscribe