welcome to the Sewing Report I'm Jennifer
Moore helping you discover your love of
sewing and we're talking all about
customized labels these are super cute
and I got them from Dutch label shop the
company actually reached out and asked
if I wanted to try some of their
personalized woven labels and other
products they've got in the site now
believe it or not I've actually ordered
from the company before when it was
under a different name but I want to
check it out again because I had some
old labels but they didn't really fit
what kind of a style of got now so I
thought it was time for a change so I
went to the website it was super easy to
navigate and I ordered myself some
labels now I've got a variety of
different types and well I don't
necessarily need all of these I wanted
to give you a better idea of what kind
of products this website offers so I got
myself some of these really cute
hang tags these are great if you've got
like a business an Etsy shop you go to
craft fairs anything like that you just
put a piece of string on it you can
attach it to your packaging and it just
adds that extra touch of I think making
your items look like kind of a luxury
product and it also adds something to
your personal branding so I got some
labels it's a sewing report so if I ever
do maybe send you guys packages or do
giveaways I could always attach these to
the package now one thing I was really
excited about is that Dutch label shop
offers labels you can these are woven
and I believe these are I don't know if
they're cotton polyblend I'll have to
look that up but I am linking everything
in the description box so you can find
it easily this is the white background
and I did the glitter gold thread I am
totally in love with this this metallic
thread it comes in gold and silver now
you can only get this for the font you
can't give this for the background but I
got two different types of labels like
these one says handmade by sewing report
which I thought is more of a 21st
century way of putting your label on
things and
so people can find you on social media
and I mentioned this in a previous live
show but one of my old America Online
handles and I still have this handle
everywhere is mint green skies I just
thought it was cool back in the day and
if I ever did open up a Nessie shop even
though I'm probably never going to my
shop would definitely be called mint
green skies I have no idea why but I
thought I would live the two team and
get labels made that say that anyways
even though that makes zero sense and
Dutch label shop also sells some in
stock label so for common thought like
they sell tags with sizes on them these
labels say a hundred percent cotton I
got some in pink and black or pink and
white and black because I do make a lot
of items that are 100% cotton so I
thought if I'm making clothing that
would be a good way to attach it you can
also get like care labels so you can
tell people how to launder items and
they've got those Universal symbols of
laundry speak I guess you can get labels
that say made in America or have an
American flag on it and you can get all
sorts of stuff at the site but I thought
it was pretty cool and I actually really
do like these hangtags I think they're
really cute so I'm actually going to
show you how to attach a label to
something now in a previous episode we
made these super easy DIY tea towels so
I'm going to show you how to attach your
labels now there's a few of things you
can do and the good thing about these
labels is that you can choose how you
want to attach labels there's different
placements on an item that you can put
it I could put it on the top I could put
it on the bottom I can also put it on
the back side and the typical way of
attaching a label is to either lay this
down flat and then stitch around all of
the edges so edge stitch it or I've also
seen this other method this is more for
clothing maybe but you can also fold the
edges under and then stitch down just at
the edges here and that will also make
the this also like a little hanger so
say I'm making a girls dress and I
wanted to put this little label on the
back of the neck band I could actually
just fold the edges under stitch down
the edges and then that would give the
where or the parent a way to hang the
item so it also would double as a little
loop so you can hang it from hooks but
I'm actually going and we're going to
figure this out I'm actually going to
sew my label on to the back of the
detail and do the thing I was telling
you about where are we fold the edges
under and then do that so let me get I'm
going to use my trusty Elmer's washable
school glue and we're sort of going to
base this down so I'm actually going to
put these on the corner here and that
will give the recipient somewhere to
hang this because we all like to hang
towels by hooks what we're going to do
is we're going to take this little label
and we're going to hit it with some
elvers washable school glue and now
these labels are a little more delicate
than say cotton fabric so definitely
keep your iron on like a low to medium
setting fold your label over and then
this will keep this actually going to
keep the label in place so it doesn't
move around on you or slide it should be
dry and now this is again just a
temporary basting all right now what
we're going to do is we are going to
baste it in place I'm going to glue
baste it in place on the other side of
now you can put it on one side or you
can put it in the middle I'm going to
put it to one side so that it will hang
sort of like this so that's what I'm
going to do so let's just get a little
more glue here and then we are going to
just put this just give it some glue on
the underside of the label here now
place the label where I want it and you
can also do this if you're just gluing
it on without folding it you can do it
that way as well so I'm just going to
stick my label here my glue cap back on
and hit it with the iron so that it
stays put and you really just want this
as sort of a temporary like it's you
don't want it to move around too much so
you just want it to stick down and then
when the glue dries which I promise you
it will it will wash out when you wash
the item all right so now we're just
going to go over to the sewing machine
here okay so I'm actually just going to
edge stitch with my sewing machine and
you might have to maneuver it just to be
able to just to be able to make sure
that you're just getting the edge and
all you do is put a few stitches in
there and then when you get to the end
just flip this over and then sew it back
the other way
flip this over and then I would do this
two or three times just to reinforce the
label so it doesn't come out of place
especially if this is meant to be as a
hanging tab you do not want this coming
undone at all that would be bad alright
here we go alright and we're just going
to knock this real quick and then you
want to do that to the other side of the
label all right so we're trimming our
threads here and now we'll have a really
cute label that says handmade by sewing
report and this will put a little a few
stitches on the item if it is a big deal
you can just put this on the right-hand
side of the item and then tack it down
there but I'm doing it to the wrong side
just because our self that would be
pretty cool so we're just going to try
this again alright here we go and you
could put these on just about anything
and you can also use different or
orientation again you can you don't have
to fold them you can put them on the
right side of the item you can just tack
them down like this so it's really up to
you but this is what I'm trying out for
this project just so that these towels
are hanging all so here we go we're just
going to cut the loose threads off and
here is your handmade label and if you'd
like to order these go to Dutch label
shop dot com I'm going to link them below
and for Sewing Report viewers they're
actually offering a discount code for a
limited time so if you go and place an
order and you're a first-time customer
you can get a little bit of a discount
and I just think these are so cute I'm
going to be using these all the time and
I got to run because I'm going to put
labels on the rest of my stuff so I will
see you next time I hope you enjoyed
this video if you did feel free to
subscribe and I will see you again
you