what's in your pantry that you're not
constantly worried about rotating the
product or checking expiration dates I'm
Chef David gu talking to you about
storing your honey there's a couple
quick things to remember when you're
storing your honey I love to keep my
honey at room temperature in the pantry
what happens when you refrigerate it it
tends to crystallize on you and it'll
get sort of Cloudy and take on a
different color when you're actually
storing it a little too warm it'll
darken the color and can actually change
the flavor of the honey but don't fret
don't throw that honey away there's a
simple way to bring that honey back
we're going to show you how to do that
right here what I've got here is a pot
of water that I've brought up to a boil
already and I've cut it off the stove
removing it and reserving it and we're
going to take our crystallized honey and
just place it in the dead center what's
going to happen is is we're going to let
that sit it's going to come back to room
temperature we're going to check the
temperature of the water once both of
the honey and the water is cool we're
going to check it and what we're looking
for is a nice clear honey you may have
to repeat the process one more time but
you can see truly a difference in the
rejuvenated honey and the crystallized
honey now that we've got our honey
brought back we're going to use it in
our home style honey crust for our
cheesecake we're going to start with a
little bit of whole wheat
flour we got some
sugar then we've got some
salt baking
powder baking
soda a little bit of cinnamon now you
can you can add different spices but I
like to just keep it simple this is a
really nice way to sort of bring the
honey flavor
out let me show you a quick and easy way
to measure out your honey what I like to
do is take a little pan release spray my
utensil my measuring cup or measuring
spoon and go ahead right into there with
your honey in this recipe you're using
1/4
cup you can see how quickly it releases
the honey from that measuring utensil we
always have a spatula to give it a
little adjustment and help but I go
ahead write it directly into my butter
I'm going to swirl that together just
makes for an easier step when we're
adding these two ingredients to our
crust we'll mix that bring all that
together we'll go over to our mixer
which we've added all of our dry
ingredients we'll go ahead and turn our
mixer on low speed
go ahead and drizzle in that honey
butter then we've got a little bit of
water we've got about 1/4 cup for our
recipe going to go ahead and add the
full4
cup it may require a little bit more
water what we're looking for is a nice
consistency so when we grab the crust it
actually forms a ball and holds its
shape we're going to add a little bit of
our vanilla
let's go ahead and check the consistency
of the crust before we add any more
water and again we're just going to grab
a handful and squeeze it and once it's
holding its shape we know we're there
now that our crust is the right
consistency we'll go ahead and press it
into our pie
pan we going to sprinkle that
in just dump the whole
amount we've got our oven working right
now at
325 going go ahead and just use our
hands and just press that crust right
along the
edge you can see how easily it
presses what you do want to focus on is
actually having a nice even base and an
even
side go ahead and place that in our oven
at
325 now our crust is baked for a good 15
minutes we've allowed it to cool now the
reason we're using honey in this crust
is actually honey has a natural
resistance to spoilage and it's really
going to help the shelf life of this
crust not only bringing a wonderful
flavor and Rich color but also help to
store it and keep it fresher longer
we've got our prepared filling ready to
go our cheesecake filling now this is a
non-baked cheesecake which means there's
no eggs in it we set it with a little
bit of gelatin now that our crust is
nice and cool we're going to go ahead
and pour that
filling directly into this beautiful
honey home style
crust and just smooth it out
cuz again it's going to just set in the
refrigerator nice and even you can even
get a little tap
down we're going to go right in the
refrigerator for a couple
hours this one's been set for a couple
hours in the refrigerator we've gone
ahead and sliced it you can see how
gorgeous that is and how easily it cuts
I'm going to go ahead and garnish it
with just a little additional honey I'm
using buckwheat honey and this is again
just for contrast of flavor and also a
little bit of
color
amazing crushes crispy contrast of
flavors the delicate filling the honey
really stands out for this recipe and
more visit honey.com
[Music]
[Music]