[Music]
oregano plant a crop lands dot-org also
known as the wild marjoram so this plant
is perennial evergreens but in cold
climate it can grow also as annual is
the leaves are fragrant and growing
variety of climate mediterranean
temperate subtropical and it means the
hardiness zone from four to eleven I
accept this if you want to grow it you
have a link below and you can just click
this it's in the description and just
buy it okay so the leaves it's most
crucial things this is our edible and
also the buds are edible so you know
it's also possible to use the buds but
better to harvest it before the bud so
it means that the harvest season can be
all there but if you want the best
harvest season if you don't have so much
cold winter it can be in the early
spring if you have colder in the end of
the Sprint I are versed here in the
beginning of the spring and if it's not
too much hot in the spring I can harvest
again in the end of the spring a except
this of it can be also in the autumn
especially if you don't have too much
hot summer if you have too much hot
summer the leaves are not very good and
here also we can harvest in the early
winter this is a great for harvest
except this you can also always try the
leaves you just put them over the Sun
slowly slowly it will dry don't put them
in a closed box after you finish to dry
100% you can put it in a closed box
I prefer glass I chopped it a little bit
that will take less place so requirement
of growing will be drying warm climate
and a little bit cooler winter a
well-drained soil it's very important
and a place to grow to the widely
because if you just let it grow up which
means that most of the variety are
smaller
so it's been 20 to 60 centimeter but
mostly it's a go more to the 20 it means
for a 8 to 24 inches and so if you don't
let it grow widely so it means that it's
not really grow and of course harvest
all the time in order that it will
regrow it a planting season will be can
be all there in a hotter climate in a
colder climate a will be from the spring
to the summer as annual it will be in
spring if you can prepare it a little
bit in the greenhouse hole in the end of
the winter will be great
they do not offer water it can really
suffer from this average amount of water
or even small amount of water will be
enough if grows the best in full Sun if
it's too much hot also half shade it's
good because then it's bloom less and
then you can use the leaves and cut it
all the time because the flower just
destroys the leaves a blooming season
it's mostly in the summer or even in the
end of the spring the flowers are small
insignificant in purple color better in
the moment that you see the flowers they
just cut it no point of this all from
grow plant storyand don't forget to
subscribe visit our website and like
this video if you have any question just
ask how you would like a video also you
can ask a check for more videos follow
us on Twitter and of course you have
here a link to buy the plants that we
talked about and also down