tips for getting rid of bothersome
silverfish silverfish are a unique bug
they love musty places like attics and
basement because the damp dark
surroundings protect their light
sensitive bodies silverfish have no eyes
they feed on book bindings carpet glue
hair sugar basically anything that
contains
carbohydrates here are some tips for
making your home silverfish resistant
one control humidity and areas where
silverfish Thrive with a
humidifier two mix up a spray of
lavender or Citrus essential oil and
treat areas where silverfish have been
seen three make sachets of cloves
cinnamon or other strong smelling spices
and place in areas where silverfish hang
out four contact a professional
exterminator for an evaluation and plan
of action for ridding your home of these
insects silverfish do not climb walls
most infestations will be noticed on the
ground level although harmless
silverfish are creepy and destructive
for more information go to www.c colap
pestcontrol.com