today's discussion is going to be now
that you have all these wonderful
crystals how do you keep them clean and
why would you need to clean your
crystals well think about it you bathe
every night hopefully at night because
you pick up a lot of negative energy
during the day especially your feet so
you wash yourself at night to wash all
that negative energy of the day off and
especially your feet because that's
where you pick it up well crystals pick
up energies all kinds of energies as
well and so I get a lot of questions
about how do I clean my crystals or I
inherited a crystal or I picked a
crystal up at a rock show or my neighbor
gave me a crystal should I clean the
Crystal and if so how do I do that the
easiest way to do it first of all is
simply soap and water it's a wonderful
way to clean a crystal wash it in warm
soapy water and then you want to charge
that Crystal so you sit it in bright
sunlight you can put it in a sunny
window sitting on a shelf Crystal will
get really really charged so that will
be a great way to clean a crystal but
there is many other ways suppose that
you have a crystal that was owned by an
extremely negative person warm soapy
water and sitting in the sun will help
but it's probably not going to get rid
of the vibration that's now inside that
Crystal so what is it going to take to
get rid of that well the one of the
there's several ways but one of the
easiest ways is to Simply cover the
crystal in plain
salt just a little sea salt you can get
at a health food store just bury your
crystals and salt and salt will absorb
that
negativity and will be pretty
amazing now let's say that you don't
have salt can you use something
else yes some people actually bury their
crystals in fresh Earth with
seedlings and those seedlings can truly
bring new life is the metaphor they're
surrounded by these seedlings or you
bury the crystal under this the soil
with the seedlings and it can really
bring that up there is another method of
cleaning crystals that uses something
called Penny Royal it is a liquid it's
an oil it's a toxic oil wear gloves when
you use Penny Roy don't get Penny Royal
on your body Penny Royal will clean I
would say about 99% of
crystals uh you can use Penny Roy to
clean some jewelry too that has precious
stones whether they're emeralds or
rubies diamonds sapphires
tanite um turmalin do not use Penny
Royal on pearls or opal Opals are in a
class by themselves so do clean your
jewelry a lot of as much as you possibly
can most people never clean their
jewelry and if they're wearing it one
day when they're angry the jewelry still
is still carrying that anger so a lot of
these techniques you can use for the
crystals that are in your jewelry as
well crystals love to be set in the Sun
as I mentioned before so crystals also
love for you to bless them so how do you
bless a crystal it can be as simple as
is standing before the Crystal and
asking God to bless this Stone so now
you have the energy of blessing in the
stone and so when you sit the Stone near
you you have this magnified energy of
blessing emanating out if you have a a
point like like this lovely amethyst
point and you blessed it or you've asked
God to bless it or you have been playing
gorgeous music of Mozart the the
vibration of the music the vibration of
your prayers will enter all of your
crystals with whether they're amethyst
rose quartz clear quartz smoky quartz
whatever Stones you're using black
turmaline um tiger eye the energy of
Music Beautiful Beautiful music rap
music however will decrease the energy
of your crystals and they will magnify
negative energy be very careful about
that only use high quality high energy
high frequency sound like the music of
moart chopan Bo Beethoven Vivaldi uh
Schubert um Poff Rak manov so that that
energy goes through your crystals and
when they're vibrating out clean high
frequency energy your whole place is
going to feel better and you will too I
hope this helped you