hello you guys! welcome back to my
channel if you're new here it's so nice
to meet you my name is list for today's
video I will be trying out I'll also
become a part of our internet family I
can't decide if I want to keep doing
intros or not because some of you pick
on me for it but like welcome back to my
channel
become part of the family subscribe
below love ya for today's video I'll be
trying on everything in my closet I'm so
excited I've been seeing other people do
this recently and I was like did you
hear my hip crack also should I have a
bra on right now cuz like my nipples are
like pointing out to timbuktu but we're
gonna hop right into it I have my closet
set up so it goes crop tops jeans pants
sweatshirts shoes all around and then we
go into coats dresses and then tops uh
body suits lingerie is first off I have
here is from forever 21 I love the color
of this it was literally a book so we're
keeping this for sure this white top is
from brandy melville keeping this for
sure I love this I live in the desert so
I need this and with the yellow I love
the yellow this with a pair of jeans or
like a pair of jean shorts I hate it
makes me feel like a sunflower
Yuma Sun this time I know for sure I'm
not keeping it's just this basic right
top don't want it this top I know for
sure I'm not keeping either this km/l
top that matches my camel pants this top
for sure I'm not going to try it on it
literally looks just like this and I'm
keeping this for sure if this is my
favorite part of my body to show off and
I'm just gonna say normally I wouldn't
look at this top and be like what the
hell's that but I love this I don't know
why I just love it
black Rando keeping didn't put it on
I've heard a hold it up I'm not keeping
this black banjo with taya I'm not
keeping this now this one I love I love
this especially if I I could just leave
it like this and throw in some biker
shirts and make it super sporty or I'll
pair it with some black jeans and like a
little gold chain belt and put on a cute
little bra underneath so it's like I
have a little more structure to my boobs
and it's very like
okay but this one I love I like the crop
tops that have a little more going to
them besides the last one that I said I
was keeping that simple oh my gosh
there's my bag right there that is for
Poshmark I'm not dirty it's I'm selling
those things jeans I'm wearing these are
from good American uh-uh
we love these jeans uh-uh you know like
my ass looks phenomenal in these I can't
even front
I can't button them what yeah
these gotta go oh can I just say know
that these ones don't fit me too and I
don't want to put them on cuz that was
torture
okay am I gonna wear this again I don't
know Leeza for styling videos though
probably I know I don't want this I'm
not a polka dot person and I don't want
this skirt anymore I thought it's gonna
be queuing fun but this is not for me as
far as shorts go you guys know that
shorts are so hard to find that fit you
these are my best fitting shorts and
they're still too big these are from
little loose this Paris from Wrangler
this one fits me as well but they are
very cheeky jean shorts are hard if I
look my full arms in them they're way
too big these don't fit this I love I
love my Ovie's and I don't care who
knows it
this is like a white little crop top and
then some booties these are just my
basic black fashion know the jeans
they're stretchy I love them if holes in
the knees which I love I just roll up
the bottoms you've seen these before I'm
keeping these I love these I have two
pair of camel pants you guys know I'm in
a camo phase or I was within the last
two years I'm only gonna keep one of
them and it's gonna be these ones but I
got these caramel pants I wear them all
the time these actually came with
suspenders and I love that fact that
they have like these belt detailing on
this side where you can shrink the waist
which it's important to me because my
voice is very small these are so cute
but they're not the vibe I'm going for
so I will be getting rid of these and I
never even wear these I'm first sure
keeping this this is my favorite coat
that I own hands now I'm first sure
keeping this because there's going to be
a moment where I need to look rich and
bougie and
this is exactly what I'm gonna reach for
the tag is still on it
I haven't worn it out yet I have this
large Levi's jacket it is obviously far
too big for me but I refuse to let it go
my sister's boyfriend Jason thrifted
this and I fell in love with the jacket
he was gonna do something with it but he
knew that I loved it so he let me take
it and keep it which was so sweet he
gave it to me
you guys always see me in this jacket
it's just the my jean jacket I always go
to I'm you to like get these to stop
curling up except I see crazy
I love the wash I want to find another
diamond jacket like this that's a little
darker than this but not as dark as my
last jacket I have three camel jackets
here we're gonna narrow it down so I
have this camel bomber that I no longer
I no longer want this no not / this camo
jacket I will for sure be keeping this
was my aunt's dad's I want to say it was
in my aunt's family some I can't
remember but it's just like legit and
it's dope and it's sick and I love it
this came out jacket is from fashion
Nova I actually really like the
structure of this jacket I think it's
super cute but I'm over it alright you
guys this is the only leather jacket I
on right now and it's obviously full of
air I wouldn't have real leather in my
closet but I will say I like the shape
of this jacket but I don't like this
though you hear that I'm gonna keep this
for now but I'm gonna get rid of it when
I replace it with a black leather jacket
I wear this in one of my last videos you
can never go wrong with just a simple
black blazer I actually got this from
Target I know surprise I also have this
gray blazer this is cute it's from
forever 21 and I've had this for years
like I want to say five or six years now
i'ma keep it cuz again I feel like a
blazer you never never and you're gonna
need it and I think it's gonna have a
neutral blazer so I can the black and
the gray perfect alright you guys you
know what a flannel looks like
the flannel I tie this one around my
waist this used to be Kari Dayton you
know carry her you guys you love her
this was her boyfriend Drew's thanks
drew this jacket is still new I got this
from Bill around Halloween time and I'm
going to keep this for spring when I'm
going for a sporty look I would
literally wear with what I'm wearing now
faux leather dress jacket is so cute
I wear it once in a try and haul and
once for a photo
sadly I'm going to say right that
actually really sucks this is just this
dark blue name you want I think I'm
gonna keep this just for a basic and a
neutral if I don't wear within the next
six months I will get rid of it but it's
so so nice I've never worn it if you
watched my ariana grande thank you next
hair tutorial I wore this in it to match
her Ellen DeGeneres performance I don't
like this oh my gosh you guys have seen
me in this this justice synched it just
hangs perfectly same with these two
dresses I'm keeping both again you've
seen me in these let's all mesh at the
bottom I left an error I'm definitely
keeping this one first sure oh my gosh
would you guys want me to do like a
little black dress video I'm gonna do it
cool I honestly think this is so cute
it's styled the right way you see me to
support I'm keeping it this is a basic
black dress
I'm keeping it you've seen me in both of
these 40 times do I have a thing
happening here didn't even notice okay
let's try this one on this would like a
spring hat why am i obsessed with this I
tried this on in a recent video I'm
gonna keep this one it goes down long
these are dresses you've recently seen
me in videos a plain green one
keeping dark navy keeping blue keeping
you voted for all of these in a
different video you all love them so
keep it nice I'm just gonna be honest
view the rest of the nice dresses I have
up until like that champagne point right
there I'm just keeping those and I'm not
gonna try those on because you've seen
me in them all over my Instagram and
other videos you don't want to see them
again
you know if they look like I like the
idea of this the top does not fit my
boobs correctly so if you have like a no
lubes this it fit you I don't know why
at the time I thought this color would
be cute but I don't like it
I have three mesh tops here this nude
Sparkle one over it
this red long-sleeve one over it this
orange one now it's like a dress it's
made to be like a swimsuit cover-up so I
am keeping this for swimsuit season
because I truly truly truly need an
Instagram photo in this and I love this
Orange I'm obsessed with this Orange
let's be honest a white t-shirt is a
white t-shirt I have a cream one BAM I
have a plain white one here we go hmm
I have this later lover boy the obsessor
II send me that so I have to keep it
because she's so cute and so sweet and I
love her girl power cute I like to wear
that to target with a little pair of
biker shorts easy come easy go love that
sometimes the king is the woman we know
that this white wrap top yep you've seen
me in all of these because I literally
only wear my white love t-shirts fast
I wear this the other day in the video
of keeping that oh my gosh Bella Luna
pizza this is in Turks and Caicos
dragged in top I don't know where I love
it so much but I do it so I'm keeping it
this is from za 'full and I love it I
think it's the cutest thing I also have
an exact top in this orange color it's
the exact one just different shapes I
don't feel I can you try it on then it
also this exact top in that orange e
mustard tone but with floral if it's
exactly like this well I love it I think
these are so fun for springtime they're
so beautiful but I love it it's very
like whoo I got it like I want to go
dancing I want this top I love again
with the fun sleeves and I like the
little wraparound for sure I'm not
keeping this okay I get it
the fuzzy sleeves is weird but I thought
it would be fun and now I'm over it this
gingham gingham is that such pattern I'm
pretty sure
this obviously top I'm never gonna wear
it besides for photos so getting rid of
it here's another wrap top it looks like
this but it's this pattern I just know
I'm not gonna wear it
get rid of this this is from honey bum I
don't need this in my closet all year
round I don't even know if I would wear
it next year it is full nudie
see-through okay I just have this plain
black bodysuit but if I'm gonna wear
something like this
I want my neck to be all the way up just
cuz I feel more chic in that so I don't
think I would this one am I gonna wear
this in my everyday life no am I gonna
keep it for Halloween just in case yes
so I'm personally gonna get rid of this
I feel like if you have bigger boobs
though it'll like open it up it's
stretch it'll open it up better it'll
fit you so much better than me so not
keeping this do you like my bottom look
this one is cute but like my boobs
almost hang out and I love a side boob
but this is too much side boob so I'm
getting rid of this one and it hangs a
little open but like in a pretty way not
like too much it's a very classy keeping
this this is from Lulu's you guys
remember when I was wearing a black
bodysuit every single day last summer or
the summer before and it was from
forever21 DOCSIS keeping it this body
suit is like wide open and my boobs
I'm Nate rid of it this green one I love
but my boobs hang out so get rid of it
that really makes me sad as I love it
this nude one my nipples are coming out
of it too much I know this nude one cute
again my boobs are hanging out this
white one is so cute but it's so
see-through all right now onto my
lingerie I'm definitely not gonna try
everything on and there's some pieces I
won't show on camera but like these two
things I don't want either of them so
getting rid of those I know lingerie SiC
really like these pieces they're
beautiful but they're just not my life
honestly having my own lingerie line one
day it's like my biggest goal and my
biggest dream I'm not kidding I find
that I feel very like powerful in
lingerie even if I'm just wearing it for
myself like sometimes they're having a
self-care night I'll just put on like a
cute little fit just for me when I'm
like making dinner because it makes me
feel powerful and confident and
beautiful and I would love to have it
one day where I can make women of all
shapes and sizes and color and
everything just any type of woman feel
confident in some lingerie and like some
undergarments even if you're wearing it
to work underneath your clothes and your
legs seeing I know I look good under
here I love that you guys I got this
from adore me which is so cute but it
doesn't fit me but the panties on the
other hand very cute I'll sorry Harry to
silk robes I have this white silk when
it came with this little white little
dress it's so cute then I have this
black robe this is from adore me I wear
this all the time I also have a black
silk robe I Munsey they're sad not silk
and that's also from adore me that I
love as well I'm getting rid of these
Mickey's they're too dirty no one wants
those I'm getting rid of those I
absolutely love these shoes they're so
sexy they're so so good but they tore up
my ankles so bad so they're not my
friends anymore I have some black
flip-flops in here i'ma wear flip-flops
honestly I think this is like the
laziest shoe of all time I only have
these because I went to Turks and Caicos
anyone of them for the beach but to be
honest I don't even know why flip-flops
exist I said what I said the pile down
here is insane I had no idea is that
much stuff to get rid of but I feel so
refreshed and new I'm so excited
so yes you guys if you would like to see
a video of me styling these pieces that
I'm getting rid of let me know in the
comments below I'm probably just gonna
film that anyways but if you want to see
it let me know give this video a thumbs
up if you want to see more fashion and
style videos it's like all I care about
right now I'm having so much fun with it
and if you would like to shop any of
these items I will be putting them up on
my Poshmark very very soon so keep an
eye out for that I love you guys so much
I hope you have a wonderful day and I
will see the next video mmm-ah bye guys
wow this is in Spain that's a big pile
that twice not included that's big