hi thanks for watching food with len in
this video I'm going to make Italian
sausages like you'd get at a County Fair
or State Fair or whatever maybe a
carnival you've seen them where you get
the sausage and it's got peppers and
onions on top of it so that's what I'm
making today
alright let's get started first I'm
using a frying pan I'm not going to put
any oil or anything in this frying pan
I'm just going to go ahead and put some
water in there about a 1/2 an inch or so
and for this I'm just going to use a
couple sausages I'm going to go ahead
and freeze the rest of them and do that
do those another time but we're just
going to put this on high and we're
going to let this go about 10 minutes
aside we're going to turn it over after
they start and in the meantime I'll get
my red pepper green pepper and onion
sliced out and since I'm only making a
couple of these I'll probably use about
half of the red half of the green half
of the onion and just freeze the rest
for the next time that I make these same
piece sausages so let's let these boil
and I'll be right back my sausages have
been on about ten minutes now and some
of the waters boiled off but it's still
got a little ways to go I've got a
little bit about like a scum on top here
which I'm going to spin that off but at
this point I just want to turn them over
so that they can get going real well on
the other side once all this water boils
off we're going to add a little olive
oil and butter to it and just let it
brown up in that and then we're going to
get our vegetables ready and put those
in so I'll be back shortly all right all
my water is boiled out so now I'm going
to just go ahead and add a little butter
to it and some olive oil and we'll get
this browned off
I've gone ahead and cut up my vegetables
and I'm going to reserve half of my red
and green peppers and use those for the
next time so I'm putting about maybe an
eighth of a cup each of butter and
stuff extra-virgin olive oil you can
just use regular olive oil with this is
fine and now what I'm going to do is
just brown these up and then once
they're brown I'll be right back
and then I'll take those out and we'll
do the vegetables know that my
cartridges are all browned up pretty
good I'm just going to take them out I'm
going to set them on a paper towel on my
plate right there as I do want to use
that plate later and now I'm just going
to add my onions and my pepper list and
I guess let's get one on there so I'm
going to turn that down just a little
bit pick that off for the moment and so
with us we just stir this around in here
and the oil mixture that we come with
the butter and the oil and just kind of
move this around and work with your heat
on that if your oil starts smoking like
mine did and we definitely want to take
it off the heat for a moment and then
just work these around till they get
soft and I'm going to add some salt and
pepper you can add a little bit of
sliced garlic but I'm not going to go
that route with these just going to go
with that right there so I'll be right
back my vegetables are all done now
they're softened up real good and I
added salt and pepper season them I went
ahead and cut up on you put one of my
sausages in there you could toast your
bond or or not I choose not to toast
mine so I'm just going to go ahead and
put these put some vegetables on this
one right here give you a look at how
this is going to look for you and I have
to leave vegetables so I just went ahead
and I'm not adding the onions to my
frozen batch but I I froze up the
peppers for next time I didn't want to
have the onions because I didn't want
anything funky flavors to the peppers
but there you have it a
carnival or fair style Italian sausage
sandwich and you can barely see the
sausage here because I've got too much
stuff on it
but uh actually let me take some off
just just for the thumbnail shot here
well there you have it
please enjoy oh this one's too hot for
me to take a bite or I would do that
right now I already know it's going to
be wonderful please comment rate
subscribe thank you very much for
watching if you have any suggestions of
what you might want me to cook please
leave so in the description down below
and after you make this let me know how
it turned out in the description down
below thanks again and we'll catch you
in the next video