[Music]
[Applause]
hey guys how are you R from the
refinishing Studio Learning Center today
what I'm going to talk to you about is
uh how we deal here in the studio when
we have to sand real ordinate turnings
and carvings and what I use is something
called a ROK sanding Des from 3M rol o c
is how it's spelled it comes in two
pieces uh the sanding disc itself and
the backer plate um they screwed
together and you put it in the Chuck of
your drill um now this one is the green
is the coarsest they come in a couple
different colors um green being the
coarsest and I don't recall what the
other colors are um but it's different
grits and they're color coded now I'm
going to go ahead and show you how to
use this um I tend to mostly use them
when we're working on a harder wood if
you're going to work on a soft wood um
you want to be real careful you
definitely probably want to go with a
lighter grit um but usually when I'm
using them I'm using them on a hardwood
and uh you know if it's a soft wood it's
typically not going to be as difficult
to hand sand and I might I might go that
approach um but when you get to a harder
wood and stuff like that um you know
this when these really come into play
and that happens quite frequently so
there it's an awesome product um I
highly highly suggest them if you have a
real or eight piece like we're going to
show you what we're going to work on
right here um so so let's uh let's put
this in the drill and we'll go ahead and
show you basically how it's used
so there you have it that's how we deal
uh here at the the refinishing studio um
with ornate carvings and turnings um and
how to sand them um again uh check us
out uh we refinish um the refinishing
Studio Learning Center we'll have all
kinds of great tips and techniques and
tutorials there on how to refinish
restore repair your furniture um stuff
you won't find anywhere else uh again
this is a roox sing disc made by 3M it's
r o l o c um you want to Google one and
pick yourself one up um if I didn't
mention it earlier in the video um again
they they come in different grits um
this is the most coarse um they come in
a couple lighter uh grits be sure to get
yourself the right grit um and take your
time with it and keep an eye out on what
you're doing because they can be fairly
aggressive and you don't want to sand
away any of the detail on the Turning or
the carvings that you're working on um
so just keep a close eye out for them um
they can be pretty aggressive uh so hope
you enjoyed this tutorial uh we'll see
you in the in the Learning Center
[Music]
[Applause]