hi there I'm back and today I have yet
another waffle maker review this is one
that I've had my eye on for a little bit
a little bit of time I really like the
idea of how small it is that it makes
square waffles and I know it's not
really a true Belgian waffle maker even
though that's what it says on the box
here but it is a little bit thicker I
mean it's not that one inch plus
thickness you get with a big round you
know flip style but it makes really nice
waffles they're crispy on the outside
fluffy on the inside I really like it I
also love the fact that it's square I've
already made a grilled cheese in here
which was so good that's some sourdough
bread and and I in the cheese I used
inside was the jalapeno pepper Jack that
was so so good I love that cheese I can
have it on anything I simply close it so
this is the Hamilton Beach and it's the
model number two six zero zero nine as
you can see there it does not have
removable grips they are permanently in
there it is as it says Belgian style so
they are a little bit thicker than the
traditional waffle it's a very popular
model I've seen you know many many of
these sold on the website set areas and
here is what it looks like let me get
repositioned here can we close it up so
you can see get the whole effect here
okay
again this is model number two six zero
zero nine it has a stainless steel
finish as you can see it has two lights
I have this turned off right now it's
still a little warm because I was
warming it up and testing it earlier on
a particular waffle batter that I made
there is a red light that is the that is
the power light I found all the time
it'll be on all by itself when it's
warming up and it's to show you that
it's plugged in that there's power
coming into the unit there's a green
light on this side that will illuminate
when it's preheated and ready for batter
it will also come back on when this
reads the moisture level has drawn
far enough that the waffle is ready and
at that point you can open it and check
it and then of course leave it in if you
want it darker or crispier it has it has
here let me scan down here this is the
minimum maximum adjustment guide for how
Brown you want your waffles it's it's
got a little bit of play not too much
but I have found it to be fairly
accurate actually I have not come all
the way up to max I thought I might
because it's just 650 watts but I
actually haven't need it too it comes
out beautiful golden brown about halfway
up even just beyond the halfway point so
let's sum let's plug it in and make some
waffles and see how it goes alright so
if you can see it's kind of one but if
you hope you can see that the red light
is on okay so I'm going to pause the
video and just wait for this to come up
to temperature and then we were going to
make some waffles be right back okay it
has come up to temperature as you can
see now the little green light is
illuminated and before I put some batter
in there I just want to let you know
this is the instruction manual that
comes with it it's pretty much just a
fold out leaflet with all the important
safeguards on how to use it
there are no recipes included with this
so on that you can either go to the
internet or if you already have a
cookbook that has some good recipes in
it usually these things come with at
least one basic recipe this one did not
so with that note let's make some
waffles there is a lock on here that
keeps it from opening while it's cooking
it's just basically a little flip
there's a little lever here that you
just pull up like that if you can see
that it just kind of swivels back and
forth to open it is really really hot
the instruction manual does say to use a
little bit of spray oil especially the
first time you're using it so I'm just
gonna and I have found I needed very
little especially because I do have
coconut oil in my recipe that I'm using
today this is my own recipe that I
created a few weeks ago
so we're going to put some in each
cavity another thing I did notice with
this waffle iron it does a great job of
making waffles however it is very small
there I don't know if you can see this
but there really is no channel to pick
up anything that spilled so if you put
too much in where it filled the grid it
will spill over just putting it out
there so we're going to let that cook
and I'm going to pause again and we'll
come back when they're ready okay it's
been about four minutes since I put the
batter in and close the lid let's see
what we have our red light is on oh look
at that
I think gorgeous let me just kind of
give you an overhead view here sorry
about the shadow but it makes absolutely
beautiful waffles and I'm just going to
pull those out onto a plate here I have
my trusty bamboo tongs here and you can
see as far as the thickness goes yells
oh that's hot there's the underside very
nice very evenly golden you can see it
looks sorry it's kind of closed it is a
pretty decent thickness I say they're
probably about three quarters of an inch
thick all right I'm going to keep one
out and put the other one in the oven
roll tape that I have preheated to keep
things warm and crispy okay
and let's just pull powdered sugar on
there well how good does that look
I mean oh man so let's um let's break
into this and there's the inside nice
and light and fluffy mm oh my god
you know what this recipe reminds me of
now that I'm eating with powdered sugar
it's hit me it reminds me of a funnel
cake oh my god if you've never had a
funnel cake you gotta try one
it's basically a giant donut that you
get it like you're State Fair County
Fair except this isn't fried it's baked
in you know yes there's oil in here but
it's baked in it's not deep-fried so
again this is the Hamilton Beach square
waffle Baker Belgian style model two six
zero zero nine it's a really nice waffle
maker it's nice and compact in fact kind
of hot now so I'm not sure I can show
you this but I will try and unplug it
here first it is so compact when it's
cooled off and the hint because the
handle locks you can store it vertically
like that on a shelf so it doesn't take
up a lot of space this would be perfect
for a dorm room for a college student
and they could make their grilled cheese
in here or whatever else I'm going to
plug it back in so I can finish that one
waffle batter but or for a single person
or a small family maybe of just two like
my family it's just the two of us so
this is a perfect size and again it's
fabulous for making a waffle panini
sandwich I'll probably do some more
videos using this waffle maker for all
kinds of fun foods like that so I hope
this is helpful to you if you're in the
mood for waffles give this a try if you
want to try my recipe I'm going to put
it down in the description box under the
video and you've got to give it a try it
is fabulous it also makes great pancakes
too if you don't have a waffle iron or
you just prefer that over waffles so
again I'll put that down there for you
and have a great day and again if you
like my videos please give me a
they're there and have a great day and
happy solar eclipse day see you later
bye-bye