welcome to animal skin tanning Services
Limited this is how you tan animal skins
you can tan all sorts of skins with this
process sheep skins as you can see there
possum skins and make a great bed spread
or
cushions calf
skins any sort of skin really it's very
easy to do if you follow this process
it's a mountain goat tar
skin deer skins
even goat
skins so come with me and follow this
quick excert of how to do the tanning
process first of all we have to soak
back the skin it'll either be salted or
frozen we do this using various
chemicals this particular skin is a deer
skin although this process can be used
on other types of skins as well after
many years of experience this is the
best process that I've come up with
using the best chemicals for anybody to
try and use to give you the best result
once the Skin's rehydrated we have to
get the Flesh and the meat off it using
a blunt knife or a blunt fleshing tool
like I'm doing
here then it has to go back in and get
degreased to get as much grease out of
the skin as possible so the tanning
chemicals penetrate properly later on
using detergents and other chemicals
this will draw the grease out and give
you a great final
result you can see here how clean the
skin is and how much grease is coming
out of it and this is an important stage
of the
process but if you buy the DVD at the
end of this this clip you will see that
you'll get this whole DVD in more detail
showing you exactly what needs to be
done this is is the next stage of the
process called
pickling the skin is in this solution
for a few days and this whole process
probably takes about a week to do this
is a very easy process and takes very
little time in total it's probably only
1 hour's worth of work you get the skin
from one solution where it will sit for
a few days before moving on to the next
stage so anyone can do it and it doesn't
take up a lot of your time
once the Skin's been in that solution
for a few days we take it out and then
we put on the main tanning solution we
do this by brushing it on and it soaks
into the
hide this is where the really maintening
part of the process takes part but if
you haven't got the early stages done
right then your final result is not
going to work out well either then we
put a softening oil on it brushing it on
and waiting for it to soak in over the
space of a couple of days and once it's
it's all in then we dry the skin
out here we are tacking it out on a
board just to get it to dry and to set
the shape of the
skin this is important too so the skin
lies nice and flat on your floor when
you finished
it once the Skin's dry we give it bit of
a cosmetic tidy up with something like a
sander like I'm doing here just to make
it take all the rough stuff off that
you've missed taking off at an earlier
point or you can use a wire brush or
something like that just to help make it
look a bit nicer on the back although
you're not going to see this part when
it's on your
floor so we take it off the
board just taking those TS
out give it a trim up pair of scissors
to make it a nice shape
then we soften it with our hands just
rubbing it back and forward to help
break up those fibers so it comes out
nice and soft and then the last stage of
the process is just to give it a bit of
a brush up tidy up the hair and like I
said this can be for any sort of of any
sort of
skin and this is essentially the process
in a short format that's how tanning
works and it'll give you a durable long
lasting result
and what's important
here is that this particular process
with my chemicals and my comprehensive
DVD on how to do it will give you a
fantastic result
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]