today on S side guys Newton's
[Music]
[Music]
disc welcome to S guys I'm Ryan and I'm
Adam on today's episode we're going to
be making a Newton's disc unfortunately
we have to sacrifice the air Vortex
Cannon for its cardboard what but my air
bending a Newton's disc is a wheel of
colors that when spun Blends the light
of those colors together to create what
looks like white light the equipment
you're going to need for this episode
includes markers and you're going to
need at least a red a blue and a green
ACD or something else round scissors a
piece of cardboard and a piece of paper
or a sturdy paper plate a pencil and a
ruler and some tape although we're not
dealing with anything hazardous today we
are using sharp objects so for our
younger viewers adult supervision is
recommended the first step in our
experiment is to use your disc to trace
out the shape of a circle on your
cardboard and on your piece of
paper next we have to divide our wheel
into sections so we'll start by dividing
into quarters so from a line from top to
bottom and from left to
right now we can divide up the rest of
the wheel like the hours on a clock so
we go from one to
7 2 to
8 4 to
10
and 5 to
11 now take your red blue and green felt
pens and use them to fill in the
sections of your disc you're going to
want to alternate between red blue and
green red blue and green all the way
around until all sections of your disc
have been filled in with color
the next step is to cut out your paper
wheel and your cardboard
wheel now tape your paper wheel to your
cardboard
disc the final step in preparing our
experiment is to push the pencil through
the middle of our Newton's disc you may
need to tape the pencil to the disc to
ensure it doesn't slip while spinning
with our disc prepared hold on to the
pencil and spin it so that our disc
rotates around in circles if you spin
your disc fast enough you will notice
that the colors will begin to blend
together into gray or white light in
Newton's original experiment he colored
his disc with all seven colors of the
rainbow instead of only using red blue
and green let's look at this experiment
a little closer every color in the
rainbow has its own individual
wavelength of light and our eyes can
detect each one using Color sensing
cells called cones and Cones come in
three varieties red green and blue which
are the same colors that we used in our
Newton's disc what's interesting about
the cones in our eyes is that most
wavelengths of light will stimulate more
than one type of cone for example a
yellow wavelength of light that hits the
cones in our eyes stimulates green cones
and some red cones our brain interprets
the combination of these signals as the
color yellow in fact when our eyes
detect equal levels of red green and
blue light our brain will interpret it
as being white light the sections of our
Newton's disc are colored red blue or
green and each one produces its own
respective wavelength of light when we
spin our disc really fast the spinning
colors rapidly bombard our eyes with all
three wavelengths of light causing them
to hit the cones in our eyes at almost
the same time this happens at such a
fast rate that our eyes cannot
distinguish between the individual
colors spinning by causing our brain to
think that three separate wavelengths of
light or one individual wavelength of
light affect effectively causing us to
see white light because the markers we
used were darker shades of blue red and
green our wheel produces a light gray
color instead of a pure white color the
smaller you can get your disc segments
the faster you spin your disc and the
closer you can get to a full rainbow of
colors the easier it will be to blend
the colors together and the closer to
White you will be able to blend them
into well that's it for Newton's disc I
hope you enjoyed it if you like this
episode let us know in the comments
below and subscribe for future episodes
be sure to like us on Facebook and
follow us on Twitter and if you have any
questions related to this episode or
about science in general let us know in
the comments below or message us on
Facebook and we'll try to help you out
as best possible thanks for watching bye
poor Vortex Canon we knew you
well here at s guys we're always curious
how experiments turn out so if you do
these experiments at home share a video
or photo of them with us on our Facebook
or Google+ Page but remember to always
ask your parents permission before you
share any photos or
videos