hello and welcome to Crouton Cracker
Jacks today I'm going to show you how to
make these delicious snaker doodle
cookies these cookies are absolutely
amazing nice and crunchy on the outside
a little bit softer on the inside rolled
in a delicious cinnamon sugar mixture
they are just fantastic these are the
ingredients that you'll
need so let's get started now to start
off I'm going to be using my Ste mixer
here you could also use a bowl with an
electric beater or a whisk even I've
already got my vegetable shortening in
there and that's what it's going to give
our snicker doodles that signature
crunch on the outside and I'm going to
add in my softened
butter followed by my sugar and I'm also
going to add my egg in there now I'm
going to lower the head of my stand
mixer here and turn this on low until
everything gets Incorporated and then
I'm going to turn it up to medium and
I'm going to beat this until it is nice
and fluffy and before I go any further
I'm going to stop my mixer take off my
paddle attachment and using a spatula
just kind of scrape everything down make
sure that everything is getting nicely
Incorporated and then I'm going to add
in my allpurpose flour if you're in the
UK or Australia that would be plain
flour I'm also going to add in my cream
of tartar and that's what's going to
give our snicker doodles that signature
Tang I'm also going to add in my baking
soda as well as our salt and again I'm
going to put the head of my stand mixer
down and I'm going to slowly start this
up just to make sure that that all that
flour and stuff doesn't go flying all
over my kitchen and I'm going to mix
this just until it is incorporated and
once that's all mixed together go ahead
and remove your beater bar and again
scrape everything down with a
spatula now in a small bowl here I've
got some sugar I'm going to add some
cinnamon to that and using a fork I'm
just going to mix this together until
that cinnamon and sugar is mixed well
and then I'm going to go ahead and set
that off to the side and we can start
making our
cookies now to actually make the cookies
you want to grab about a g ball size
piece of dough here and you want to roll
that in between your hands into a nice
smooth ball if you have too much dough
there just go ahead and take a little
bit out and continue rolling until it is
nice and smooth and then you want to
place that into your bowl of cinnamon
and sugar and roll that around until it
is completely coated with that cinnamon
and sugar
mixture and then you want to take your
dough ball and place it onto a cookie
sheet lined with either a silicone
baking mat or parchment paper and then
you want to bake these in a preheated
375Â° oven for 10 to 12 minutes and you
know they're done when they are nice and
puffy and they start to get just
slightly browned around the outside
edges and go ahead and let them cool for
just a minute or two on your cookie
sheet before removing them onto a wire
rack to cool
completely and there you go that is how
easy it is to make snicker doodles at
home super easy cookie recipe and they
are so delicious they're very similar to
almost a sugar cookie but they've got
that nice little Zing because the cream
of tartar and that cinnamon and sugar
coating really offsets that little bit
of Tang in there very nicely if you like
this video be sure to give it a thumbs
up subscribe for more deliciousness and
to keep up to dat on all my latest
videos thanks so much for watching and
we'll see you next time
[Music]