so today is August 24th and uh I've just
started to uh make some watermelon wine
that I've gotten from a a recipe that I
found online and uh what I've done so
far is I've taken six pretty good size
watermelons that are ripe and cut them
into little cubes and place the cubes
inside of a straining bag and
essentially almost filled up this uh 6
gallon bucket so what I have to do now
is try to press some of the juice out of
there to get that straining bag to close
so I'm going to try to do that right
now so I want to make sure that none of
the pulp from the watermelon actually
goes through the straining bag so I'm
going to make sure it's layered real
good
there make sure that it can't escape out
and then I can just push right down on
it with my with my fists and my Knuckles
just squishing all that beautiful
watermelon juice right out of there you
can see I've probably
got close to
uh I'd say probably close to 2 and 1
half maybe almost three gallons of
actual watermelon juice as this ferments
all that pulp will pretty much disappear
and all we'll be left with is just some
of the the grains of the of the
watermelon and of course any small seeds
that are still in there
so as you can see it just starts to just
starts to Mush and as it turns to juice
it'll be perfect for primary
fermentation awesome