so to put a better chip breaker on that
grind huh
are you going chip here goes Opeth snow
in the night like that
what a pretty world I'm gonna head to
the shop and work on the wood chipper I
want to do some work on the lathe here
and then I'm gonna show you a few things
really quick at the end of this video
about what I've been working on kind of
like a shop update I feel like the work
should be the beginning the video we can
watch it then at the end you know if you
don't want to watch me rambling I
totally understand and you can shut it
off I went to town so I got myself a
belt which is hopefully the right size I
used an online calculator to figure out
the length of belt I should be needing
they have this 5/8 bearing there for
five bucks so I went ahead and grabbed
it just in case the reason I grabbed it
is because I thought I might make myself
an idler pulley attention pulley before
this belt and I was going up I won laws
there and they wanted $35 for a cheapo
stamped either pulley nice man that is
just expensive you know I could make
something really quick so why on earth I
don't spend 35 bucks on one and like I
said it was just a cheap stamped thing
it was yeah so yeah it's all that
bearing for five bucks and I thought
that'll work for the idler that's cheap
way to go
so hopefully the belt is the right
length I can actually move this
generator a little bit either way
depending on how far off that belt is if
it's way off I'm not gonna go all that
work get a different belt this pulley is
laying here because it's an a groove and
I thought I would use that as you know a
pattern you know when I make the other
pulley it'll help me with some
measurements and stuff kind of figure
out where I need to be so oh yeah and I
also have this off the lawnmower that
this engine comes from
this is actually the arm for one of the
idlers for the belt spring goes here
pulls it tight you know pivots here the
idler mounted there the reason I am not
using that idler is because the bearings
were out on it so I just saved the arm
so I am quite a bit off by eyeballing it
there II I'm very happy with that it's
bouncing about the width of the line
boring barb took a little bit of off the
tip yeah I took some off the tip of that
boring bit to darning ah really trip the
breaker again dad coming yeah I get this
thing converted over to 220 volts cuz
running 110 I keep tripping the breaker
well now I have other problems don't
know what's going on but my spindle
clutch won't stay engaged this is a
flywheel lathe for those of you who
don't know it's not an engine lathe the
difference being this thing is all
clutch driven there's no lead screw
there's no half nuts so you can't cut
threads on it whatsoever
but it's really awesome it makes the
controls really nice to just switch
directions whenever you want but right
now my spindle clutch is not staying in
take this cover off I got to get the
switch moved biggest reason I haven't
done it is time it doesn't have the time
to do it lately and I can't Farrow
exactly where I want the switch I need
to figure that out so what I do is I
turn on the lathe with the spindle
clutch disengaged that way you know then
ain't gonna suck me in
and must need a little bit of adjustment
I think I've take this front bearing
cover off in order to adjust this yeah
I'll see if I can make a few more cuts
before it to tear into that okay we'll
see what this does for us
or I forget to that before I commit to
that cut I want to see where I'm at and
depth here yeah I better not quite go
that deep that's not making a very good
cut either all right so I boil on the
lens almost looks a little foggy um fit
is just well I got like a ring in there
it's a little large you know small hi
everyone were dead but otherwise I'm
actually a little bit sloppy
I went over just a number like a
thousandth or something I may be to
thousands so a little disappointing that
that's okay it's close enough I mean you
know I'm gonna put this piece onto that
hub and then weld it so it doesn't have
to be registered perfect there's because
then we'll make the pulley and belt
pulleys don't have to be perfect you
ever bought one you know what I'm
talking about
all right so I'm going to do is just
make a little bit of a pass over face
off the side so that hub goes in there
just a little bit better for when I weld
yeah I took a break for a couple hours -
well can't really say a break I had to
go feed cows and eat supper and stuff
like that and look out the Suns not
glaring in the window you can actually
see the Chuck and see what the heck is
going on in the video while I was eating
all right I had an idea that I'm gonna
have the bushing go into the piece of
metal just a little bit I actually
haven't registered on this outside as
well just because this pulley is gonna
end up being so far down here like when
you buy a well - pulley pretty much the
center of the belt runs well almost here
at the shoulder pretty close anyway into
the loft but so I think I'm gonna have
it go down in there just a little bit
just to the point where you can get the
allen key or the allen wrench in there
I'm saying
oh wow 8 1 5 press her together
kinda looks like a pulley now that'll be
much better too
I could weld that I'm gonna spot weld on
I'll do that off camera since I don't
have my variable frequency drive
installed on my Rockford lathe yet who
knows when that's ever gonna happen I
decided to come back over to the Atlas
to do this that way I have a better
selection of gears I prefer to do it on
the Rockford because the rigidity but
I'm afraid the rpms that I'm at right
now is just too much so I'm set up on a
adjustable Arbor I really like this set
I flipped the piece around
so these catch isn't catching it's going
with it
are you bored Dakota you'd like to go
back outside
a pretty rough finish with that but I
kind of had to get more of a point going
to get through that torch cut actually
hardened to steal a little bit and I was
really having difficulty with it but I
just took a major mint and just kind of
a preliminary measurement here I'm at
three nine nine eight so I'm gonna go
ahead and leave it at that rough finish
because well obviously that's really
really close to four inches in hindsight
I should have given myself quite a bit
more with that torch cut just because I
have to get through that hard layer yeah
I got to quit on this for right now so
hopefully I'll work on this tomorrow
maybe a little bit more to this video
than me just turn this down dude
diameter we'll see you all tomorrow
which for you will just be one nice will
dissolve away whoo nice dissolve well
it's Sunday morning
Easter Sunday here in the States that's
Easter Sunday everywhere else are how
that works and now I'm gonna start
putting the V in it I think it's what
I'm gonna use to do the V I don't even I
described the ground on this bit a very
small radius to it really down to a
point I think that'll work good for
gouging in there so we'll switch to that
I will get the compound set up I don't
know what I'm gonna do on this honestly
I've been trying to figure it out I wish
I could just flip this mandrel over but
I don't know how to drive it from the
other side cuz this nut is not you know
designed the drive it's got the flat
spot over here which you can't see there
the flat spot for the dog is over here
part of me is tempted just to change the
compound angle we will see how I do that
I don't need to bore you with details on
that right now
other things worry about the day so
we're gonna be using an Abe LT so I'm
gonna get out my little gauge II who's
it
here and see if I can find ya there 34
degree a belt so that's easy will to set
the compound for 17 I don't think I'm
gonna get too accurate with setting the
compound at 17 I think I'm just gonna
set it according to the hash marks on
the compound before I turn on the camera
since you're cutting in my way here I'm
gonna go ahead and figure out my rpm and
start making some cuts in this way just
to kind of get a feel for it before I
start filming I wish I could run the
compound both ways at the same time you
know I mean have that angle go this way
and then have the angle go that way and
work my way in
and what I'll do you once I get that
wall I can come in this way go ahead and
lock down the carriage and then I can
use my compound feet in
this side of the pulley will be accurate
at least for now yeah still got a
hundred and sixty thousand to go yeah I
can't believe that I actually might need
to angle that fit that's a little bit
looks like it's hitting past the cutting
point now
yeah it's not cutting just on the point
and then if you can see that halfway
decently I think I'm gonna go ahead and
come over here and then I'm gonna feed
in on the cross slide not the compound
and just let it kind of drift over as it
digs
I've got a free-form carving the day I
guess what we're doing and just for
kicks and grins use the gauge here real
quick because you know as a famous
person on YouTube once said better be
looking at it than for it and yeah I
think this side over here is looking
pretty good
we got a ways to go on wit as you can
tell so I'm gonna little off at this
side over here for a while and by this
side I'm pointing at the right-hand side
that sounds pretty good I can hear a
little bit of chatter in there
not cutting bad at all I want to
consider this wall done except for a
little bit of filing you know I'm gonna
polish it I guess what I should say huh
finally so I think I'm going to turn the
compound 17 degrees this way and Whittle
at this side for a little bit
Wow I'm in shuck that angle is that
close it cut all the way down to a
little bit more at the bottom I don't
think it's all that on camera or not all
right so I'm going to come over
let's just do 20,000 see how that goes
I don't like waiting more than 20,000
I think it's taking off way more than
20,000 took about 40 thousands the heck
I do something wrong I moved to
something then didn't I yeah
shouldn't move this one at all he does
zero this one out
get up a backlash I can okay zero that
dial then we will cut and move from
there
okay that's basically zero so we're
gonna reset this dial got a ways to go
okay so we can just make a cut I move my
dial again
this style trim it back a little bit
hey 34 degrees a little more to go
though let's call that 450 so let's do
another 20 thousands over feels kind of
deep I don't know about that I think
I'll check that so I turn the other dial
yeah feels wide no that's 20,000 smore
or have another one of those plan G
things shim
I don't know deep I need to go
I'm pretty close and before satyr gets
to me I'm gonna come forward and try to
cut that out of there backwards I guess
technically I ever go beautiful and
there's a pile of all up right there
look at that heck yeah I'm gonna spend a
little bit of time making her look
pretty
like to fly it on this way that's gonna
be okay it goes let's see I forgive it's
way the motor turns but yeah tighten it
up that'll be nice yeah use this thing
boys marry much line looks pretty nice
I'm very happy with that I think that
belt will come off of there all right if
ever need to change it as far as the
length you know is concerned and it's
definitely short enough that I can
tighten it up and it won't hit the other
side of the belt so yeah I'm really
happy with that I really wish I had time
to put on this tightener today but being
Easter Sunday I have social obligations
and I was actually supposed to quit 35
minutes ago so I didn't get going there
so we'll see you all hopefully next week
never know how that goes but anyway like
being thanks for watching y'all hope you
all enjoyed this and now I'm gonna
ramble out a little bit with some shop
updates if you all remember that big
table that was in this shop that I blew
it outside I want to put it next to the
shop this is the south side of the shop
it's wonderful working over here so I've
been cleaning up the scrap pile I got
most of it done but as you can see I
just got a little bit of junk
and it'll go right there inside the shop
that is where the MIG welder sits and
you know that I show you the big
electric door that you often see in the
side of the video right over here the
big door I showed you outside and that's
where the welders are that's what that
window is outside I'm gonna put the
table then basically behind this stretch
of the wall so yeah I would love to sit
right over here and the Sun I think I
could use that a lot during
the winner I'd use a lot during this
summer too as far it's got some rain as
you can see the water accumulated in the
tractor bucket and it's frozen this
morning about 18 degrees out this
morning on this beautiful March morning
and of course you know that's the big
table I am talking about a little bit of
copper wire down in there too but yeah I
want to take it and put it over there by
that window I'll probably have the table
out away from the shop far enough I can
walk between it in the wall now I'm
gonna walk all the way around the table
I think it'll be really handy outside I
think it'll work a lot better and trying
to have it inside and one of my goals
for this summer is to paint the shop it
is really starting to come off we had a
hailstorm oh it's been a couple years
now last year's are just flown by so I
can't remember exactly when it was but
that's what started all this chipping
was a really bad hailstorm matter of
fact it actually broke out one of the
windows too
but once the paint starts chipping you
know I mean it just it keeps going it's
been on there for a few years hey dark
world out this morning that's what I'm
playing myself a flashlight
Suns almost coming up but we have no
electricity no neighbors lights no oil
lights very rare thing out here no
lights on the house yeah but of course
that means no lights in the shop there's
a shop so yeah I guess won't be working
today I gotta get the generator out and
get it going because the kid has got to
get on the bus and go to school so uh no
wood chipper today probably
I've never tried around the lathe on the
generator
I think I'd overtax it
No
leave it drips generator
yeah I was a really really really slow
start that's a little too much kick that
Klingon with the generator also been
working on the Corral a little bit more
trying to get it done hi Kippy what are
you doing with your foot up there I
don't remember where was that when I
showed you all last but I've got it
built clear around to here now rebuilt
these are the latches that I like
putting on it
they are spring latch this gate here I
set up because this is the outside of
the corral
so it only swings in that way if it
doesn't quite get latched you know the
cow will just push it shut the rest away
and then you can't open this way at all
a little bit of a safety that way but
this gate here I built big enough to get
the four-wheeler through into this
section yeah I really like these these
latches customer mind came up with that
idea actually and I've been building
them that way ever since I also got a
lame cow in here and she's got a calf so
we're giving her some special attention
so that's the lame cow and that is her
calf and back there is a calf that we
think is a twin it just does not seem to
have a moment anywhere so we've been
having to take care of this little herd
of cows here and give him some extra
attention as you can see she's really
raising her leg off the ground there
really bothers her she's got a bum leg
can't get around very good at all
their farm down off over there
you