[Music]
welcome back I thought I would show you
how to use a set of calipers or verniers
these are Benson Bernier's made in
Bradford the were my dad's and got
passed own to me so I still use them
quite regularly although I will be
getting some digital ones at some point
but I do still like to use these but
they are quite easy to miss read so
digital ones do make life a bit easier
anyway I would view it as an essential
skill for any craftsman to know how to
read these essentially the way these
ones work you can take a measurement
either between these two points between
the chamfered edge side or between the
flat edge points from there to there
or you can also do an inner measurement
of the size of the inside of something
between that point there and that point
there and basically if you're taking an
inner measurement so in other words let
me find an example so say for example
you want to know the inside diameter of
this washer then you do that by popping
it on the inside they're tricky to do
without moving the camera
and then you move that to its full
extent and then that's got you the
inside diameter measurement so what you
can also do some of these come with a
depth measurement as well these ones
don't so these ones just do inner outer
flat and outer sham furred and what you
can also do you can move it to a
specific let's say you want to make
something that's exactly 20 mil 20
millimeters or what you could do is and
get it close to 20 mil lock off this
bottom adjuster and then as long as this
adjuster is loose we've got the bottom
one locked and then we can use this
little micro adjuster to move the scale
until it's exactly on whatever you want
can you see how that it's moving the
bottom set of jaws left and right so I
normally find let's say you want to
measure the diameter of a screw thread
for something like that for measuring
the the diameter of the outer part of
the thread these jaws wouldn't really
work obviously
you can't get the Shumpert bit on the
widest part of the thread so for a
measurement like that I would generally
use the flat part move it up very very
gently touch the calipers on the thing
that you measuring what I then like to
do is just give it a little rotate not
too much you don't want to be wearing
away the jaws if you calipers or
anything like that but it's just enough
to check that you have definitely got
the proper diameter reading and the flat
side works really well for that whereas
if I'm wanting to take a measurement of
the shank size so that inner portion of
thread obviously I can't do that on the
flat side because the flat side can't
fit in the gap of the thread of the
screw so for that I have to do it on the
Sham furred jaws to get it down to that
size and then how to read them let me
show you so on this and this is let's do
this is a 10 gauge screw so let's
measure the outer diameter of the screw
thread on a 10 gauge screw and once
you've got the measurement if you want
just make sure that you're not going to
knock it out you can lock that in place
with this top adjuster there so I
normally once I've got the measurement I
like to lock both of these so let me
show you how it reads this first thing
you're gonna do is look for where the
zero line on the bottom scale crosses
the top scale and wouldn't see that the
zero line is just before the 5
millimeter mark so each one of these on
the top scale is 1 millimeter so 0 1 2 3
all the way up to 10 mil there which is
obviously 1 centimeter so the 0 is just
before the 5 so that means it's four
point something we don't know what that
something is yet but these calibers are
accurate to naught point naught two
millimeters so we've got two more
numbers to find so the next thing you do
is you just look along the bottom scale
and look for the point where wanna
forget about the numbers just look for
the point where one of these lines
perfectly lines up with one of the top
lines so on these and see that that the
eighth one
all of these are miles off but the eight
is really close I would say it's this
mark just after the eight is exactly in
line with that mark there so what that
tells us is that it's four point
eight something and because we're onto
that second mark and we're now into the
point zero two of a millimeter remit the
third number has to be 0.2 because we've
got 0.8 0.8 to 0.8 four point eight six
point eight eight and then nine so we
know that it's 0.82 so it's crossing the
zero mark at four point something but
just passed to eight so it's four point
eight something and then it's the point
zero two line that's perfectly in line
with a line on the top scale so four
point eight two millimeters likewise if
you have done an inner diameter
measurement then all you do is you read
off the scale and add on six millimeters
really straightforward so I'll try it
with this again I like to kind of pop it
on and then give it a little turn just
to make sure that it's just touching and
no more lockup four wheels and on this
one we have got to point something and
then we're crossing the top scale with
the bottom scale out the four just past
the four I would say it's a four point
six four point two four six maybe four
point before the say four point four so
that means the measurement is too
point four four add on the six mil so
it's eight point four four millimeters
just to verify that we're not going
completely nuts
it's definitely eight point something
so there you go thank you very much for
watching if you're new to the channel
don't forget to hit subscribe if you use
veneers or calipers as part of your job
pop in the comments below any
recommendations for some half-decent
digital ones that don't cost an absolute
arm and a leg because I'm sure everyone
reading the comments would find that
very useful and also let us know
whereabouts you are in the world so that
other people can work out where to get
them depending where they are on the
planet thanks again for watching and I
shall see you next time
[Music]
you