[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
what's up YouTube it is Ricky Bobby baby
how are we doing I'm doing good it's our
Borderlands 2 character build videos of
course this time it's Maya and first up
for equipment I have a grog nozzle just
because I can phase lock with a grog
nozzle out and get full health so it's
super super helpful
consummate plasma caster plasma casters
work like a charm
with this build with this set of this
Maya this banshee cat build whatever you
want to call it
SMG [ __ ] gypsy and I have a sand hawk
I don't have an elemental sand hawk
because the elemental resistance on op8
is kind of ridiculous so I get more
damage out of a regular one because
that's a higher damage and I have a
casual carnage because with Mayas
accelerates kill the projectiles fire
out of this thing like I don't even know
where like a bat out of hell and I have
a bee shield and this is just so we can
boost that sand Hawkins's for pretty
much as using a bee Hawk and I love it
we have our legendary class mod we get
insane increased damage for submachine
guns and a +5 and accelerate so we could
have 10 and accelerate which really
really complements that carnage shotgun
which is super helpful and harder the
ancients that increase SMG to image even
more so pretty much we it's this really
SMG based build and we have a magic
missile the slag of course but yeah it's
an SMG based build that's fine because
snv's have an abundance of amo like they
are the most ammo out of any other gun
so it's not a big deal but I have liked
to SMGs and one like that's hard to do
with like shotguns or snipers or
something like that you can pretty much
only have one because if you have more
than one you just tear through the ammo
too quick this is my skill tree I will
this at the end of the video as well
Maya doesn't really have that many good
skills like her capstone skills like I
only go to on this Cataclysm but yeah
well switch over to some gameplay I'll
show you she's not that good against
bosses she's alright don't get me wrong
she's not the worst but she does really
well with taking on a bunch of enemies
like at once and I can show you that in
just a second ok we headed out to a
Lynch would it just kill some dudes and
I can show you the like the crazy damage
the Abby Hawk will do with this build I
mean that I think that guy died with
literally like one spread of bullets it
was it was awesome but you can see it's
just tearing through enemies like it's
nobody's business like one after another
after another after another and that's
where this build really shines I feel
like it'd be really good and um like the
circle of slaughter I don't think I've
done that many of those with Maya but
it'd probably be really good for that I
it's really good for running through
like an area like if I were to farm loot
midgets look how fast that shotgun shot
oh my god I've heard a farm like loot
pitchers do something something where
I'd have to tear through a bunch of
enemies I could do with Maya
faster than probably any other character
I mean she's just really good at taking
out like waves of enemies you could say
she's awesome you do see me go down
right here I get back up I don't know
how but I got back up and I'll go down
again like one or two times but she gets
back up super easy like it's a really
good like gun based build it's good like
elemental wise also but you don't see
that right now in op8 because everything
is SuperDuper resisted but anytime level
72 you'll really see the elemental
damage work really well and because the
enemies resist elemental damage so much
I think the unyielding Banshee thing
might be broken because it doesn't work
very good at all but yes this was Maya
the siren
my build for Borderlands 2 I hope you
all enjoyed thank you so so much if you
ever watch any build videos I appreciate
it a ton thank you for watching
shake and bake and I'll see you guys
later I do
[Music]
you