hi everyone we all know that caramelized
onions are a delicious addition to any
dish but cooking them can be quite a
pain so today I'm showing you a
foolproof way to get that same Gourmet
goodness but without all of the time and
effort that you would traditionally have
to spend thanks to a batch of onions a
little bit of extra virgin olive oil
and a crock pot first take a little bit
of extra virgin olive oil and Grease the
inside of your crockpot then quarter and
slice your onions I'm using about 2 lbs
here and to make sure that I didn't get
all teary I made sure to chill them in
the fridge overnight beforehand put them
inside the crock pot add a/4 of a cup of
extra virgin olive oil and toss and coat
then place the lid on your crock poot
turn the temperature to low and leave
them for about 10 to 12 hours we do
recommend that you do not leave them
longer than 14 hours though because
otherwise that amazing caramel goodness
will become one big ball of mush that's
not that tasty to add a little more
Dimension to their flavor you can add a
fortified wine such as a porter a cherry
a little bit of fresh Rosemary a poad of
butter or two or balsamic vinegar which
is what I did and the result is nothing
less than delicious the best part about
the crock poot method is that there's no
watching no burning and clean up is a
snap refrigerated your caramelized onion
should last up to 3 to 4 days but if you
decide to freeze them they will last up
to 3 months so whether you want to put
them on a salad or mother your favorite
juicy burger these caramelized onions
are the perfect and now easy way for you
to add some Gourmet excitement to your
next dish providing simple tips for
inspired well-being that you can do
yourself I'm Ain yesen and thanks for
watching