the sheet metal sketch Bend provides a
way to create basic and more complex
bending operations on sheet metal for
example we'll select our top face here
to use as our sketching plane if there's
no sketches created or selected you can
actually select a face and draw your own
sketch line for example we'll just draw
a straight line in this
case across our
part and we'll hit finish shape and
you'll now be presented with all the
sketch bin operation
options for example first you need to
fix pick the fixed geometry to be where
you will bend from for example we'll
select on this side of this to bend this
flap up you can select to bend all Bend
lines if you have multiple sketch lines
it'll Bend all those with these default
setting properties if you uncheck this
you can manually select them one by one
if you want some lines to bend some
lines you don't want to bend you can
uncheck that option manually select and
even if you have all bin lines selected
you can also select individ ual wants to
change individual properties down here
I'll give an example of that in a minute
but when you're in your settings you can
change things like where to bend from
whether it's Center smooth inside
outside Bender uh Bend type or bend line
types the angle and the B minimum Bend
radius or you can choose your own radius
as well in our case we'll just choose a
90° and since we're on our top face here
a positive will bend up if we put a flip
Direction it will bend down from that
face in our case we'll just go ahead
Bend up and go ahead and hit okay in
this case and you'll see our flap Bend
up again if you select your sketch bin
and actually pick a
sketch out here you can actually notice
notice that it already knew there was a
sketch on that face so it didn't
actually draw a sketch plane Force you
can also choose to draw create a new
sketch if you like but if there's a
sketch on the face that you pick it
knows that it's there and you can start
picking the sketch directly in this case
we want to sketch our fixed geometry
again we're going to use this as our our
fixed face and in this case we can do
all the bend lines Bend and we want to
bend one of them up and one of them down
in this case we'll Bend one of these on
our left hand side we'll bend that one
up and so we'll keep that one as as non-
selected sorry we'll just deselect that
so we don't have to select that one
it'll Bend automatically up at 90 this
one we want to bend down so we'll select
that and notice it'll be in our selected
Bend line properties in this case we can
tell it to go ahead and flip its Bend
Direction so this one will bend down and
this one will bend up if we go ahead and
hit okay and we'll see that operation go
and this is a nice way to get a corner
Bend on your sheet metal which is kind
of quite a bit difficult to do manually
this is one usage of the sketch Bend
another usage that you can use is to
rebuild uh sheet metal from uh dxf for
example for example we have a sheet
metal part here that has some Bend lines
on it this is our final part where you
can see things are bending up and down
and up in a lot of these cases we have
some Moder conditions but this may be
something that was created in a 2d
application or some other program that
you want to recreate in Iron CAD you can
basically just start with a stock you
can go to its sheet metal feature and
edit its crosssection and we're not
going to use the block so we can just
select that and delete it and we can go
ahead and import our sketch in our case
this is a sheet metal DWG file we're
going to go ahead and import that in
this case we want to just go ahead and
import everything but our bin lines will
just do the outer boundary for our base
and go ahead and hit okay and this one
will be our model units and until it's
imported for us let's just go ahead and
move this down to our origin let say we
use this as our Center Point and we'll
move that down to our origin there and
hit okay and hit finish so that will
give us our base now we need to import a
sketch again for our bin lines we can
just basically draw a sketch on this
face and we'll just use a plane and put
the origin Point down here so we'll have
a a consistent location to use hit okay
again import that same sketch inside of
here because this time we need to use
the actual bin lines so we'll import
everything but the uh center lines in
this we don't need that we'll just take
the outer boundary for reference to
position it and then we just want the
bend lines we'll hit okay again it's our
model units in this case we'll select
everything again move it
down our Center to our
center now that we have that we can just
go ahead and select we don't want these
holes and we don't want this outer
boundary so we'll just delete all that
and we just have our bin lines and we'll
finish our sketch again we just now
enter our sketch Bend and we'll select
our face and our sketch is going to be
this sketch and our location to bend is
our middle face of our
sketch in our case we want all the bend
lines to bend up 90 degrees for majority
of these except for some of these these
outer cases in this middle case need to
bend down so in this case we're going to
say flip it we're going to go down 90°
and then we can just simply just pick
all the ones that we want to
go in that direction and hit okay and we
should get our sheet met apart now we
have a full sheet metart that just has
our stock and our sketch pin which you
can always edit these the sketch to make
modifications to that and you can also
edit the operations as well in our case
this is now fully sheet metal part it of
course will unfold and you can take that
into the drawing inside of iron
k