hi I'm Cindy from B dan.com and in
today's video I'm going to show you how
to make a tool tutu it's a great look
with a lot of flare a lot of fluff so if
you want something dramatic maybe this
is the video for you for this I'm going
to use a strip of fabric that matches
the shorts you need it stretchy you can
use elastic you can use whatever you
want I'm going to take this I'm going to
wrap it around the top of the shorts you
can have it briefs whatever you want
kind of make create a tube with
it and I'm going to tie it in a knot you
could tie it in um use a brooch to close
it together whatever you want or if you
have some sewing skills um really easily
you could sew that so we're going to
take this now I've taken some tool and
cut it into strips I like to use
multiple pieces at
once you're going to grab it from the
center
and you're going to have the loop up
there bring this
skirt
through push it together there's two
different ways you can do it one lays a
little bit closer to you if it's that
way or if you tie the knot going the
other
direction get those center pieces so
instead of Flipping The Loop over like I
did that time flip the loop
from the
top oh wait that would be the same I'm
sorry through
here and
then pull that
through so you can see how one has a
little bit of space coming from under
and this
one gives you a little bit more fluff in
it and then you're just going to keep
doing that same
thing
all the way
around now depending on how close you
put it together we'll make a difference
on how fluffy it is you can use multiple
colors and I would definitely suggest
when you're