diversity to the possible this video
videos about is the possible to reuse
your new cabin filter on this 2014 Kia
Forte
so we're gonna open up a compartment and
get the cabin filter out here we're on
it open move your stuff and there are
two little take those out and there's
another clip on the side here probably
I'd get a purse screwdriver something
slide that off
getting my thing
I'm gonna click right here slice the
side of this teeth yeah if I can you can
show
sois inside of that just take it up
slide it off
and you let that down don't you look
apartment try to do this with one hand
wanna pinch down on the two ends here
one on the left side one on the right
side slide that out the way I'm gonna
pinch those two hands
and your filters right here this is
white right out and that is 30 this is a
2013 2014 Kia Forte
is it possible to reuse this culture
with my video at the back so we're gonna
try to clean them up set them out in the
Sun and see if it's gonna work standby
diversity - you're gonna take our
toothbrush airing without using a bag
just gonna take it see them you can take
the dirt out here each other flaps Oh
get me some hot soapy water remember
take this big this big deep is why stick
it in there best on the beach in the
spray bottle see if it holds up
when I take my hand the river between
those flaps put my fingers I change my
water and I sprayed it again with the
bleach in the spray bottle and I'm
soaking it in hot water again all the
debris came up between the slaps here
can I pour water out I'm just going to
take in welcome to Kentucky just put
each
just going to check it out and that's it
what's it about longer don't want to
take
[Music]
and we'll be ready to take it set it out
and decide when I'm down with this mess
it up one more time
[Music]
right but um
there's no more than grave
the water's not coming dirty as a
synthetic talking about like this to get
fit to be out
okay my filter is dry on it looks clean
on it's not white and anything like that
maybe that's the color when you when you
buy it just material and it's pretty
good I think
not a bad job just running up and slide
it right back in place