hello so Bron here uh I'm here to teach
you quick tutorial on how to make a
really really easy homemade pen pipe now
I mean my camera isn't the best so zebra
it's a zebra f301 right here and in the
black it has
BP so what you do is
basically uh you know first of all you
take off this black part take it off
like that you pop the back part off
might be a little difficult but you can
get it off I mean I mean this fast you
know this really easy to
do take this metal part off you got a
nice Bowl right
there and what you want to do is like
there's hole right there you can put it
on the either side I I recommend doing
it on the other side
though yeah like that and that's it it's
a straight
shooter now Straight Shooters are badass
you can smoke them like a like you just
put the Bud there and kind of like light
it like a cigarette almost but um yeah
that's it that's like really fast now
this is optional if you want to do this
you can take super glue what I'm about
to do now which is what I'm about to do
now like if you want your pen if you
want to take still have the pen don't do
this but if you don't really care about
the [ __ ] pen doing matter what to do
take super glue and you put it either
right
there right here I'm going to do it
right here put it around on the inside
well there you
go make sure it doesn't drip down to the
bottom then you just basically take
your bowl and stick it in there and now
it's super glued so now it won't come
apart or anything so yeah that's pretty
much it it's a really really simple easy
thing um now these pens you can buy them
at Walmart of Target in the US for about
uh I'd say3 to5
pretty expensive I know but you know
it's worth the money
uh and you know you can get one for a
pipe and then one just for a pen or a
backup just in case you ever need one uh
so yeah I mean you're getting even
though it's pretty expensive you know
you're getting getting a good price out
of it so yeah I mean really simple small
easy to hide now I mean I don't really
like keeping pipes around cuz I mean you
can get caught in stuff I'd rather just
use a can or just stuff around the house
you you just use it and throw it away
something simple but you know sometimes
you don't have that those resources [ __ ]
I dropped
it sometimes you just don't have the
resources to use uh to make a pipe or
something so it's good to have these
just laying around like not something
you would want to use regularly like all
the time but something just in case like
you you don't have anything else to make
it out of like fo oil or something you
just make it out of this I mean you just
use this pipe so yeah that's pretty much
uh that's pretty much just it hope you
like this
uh well not review oh I was going to say
review um tutorial on how to make a pen
pipe now uh I can make a lot I'm going
to make a bunch more tutorials on
different types of pens and different uh
designs and stuff so yeah pretty much
just it see you guys later peace out
wait I just fed you off [ __ ] peace out