so let's start off by just looking at
the duck itself I mean you can just cook
duck exactly how you cook a chicken I
mean people sort of get a bit freaked
out by Duck for some reason it's
slightly fattier and it can take just a
little bit longer to cook but the method
can be exactly the same uh there are
several different ways of doing it but
let's first of all just take take a look
at so what you're going to do is you
have to
clean your duck really well nice cold
water and then you need to Pat it dry
with some kitchen towel all over the
skin get it nice and dry I've cut the
ends of the Wings off there as you can
see I mean leave them on if you want I'm
just going to take them off and there's
quite a little bit of fat here at the
kind of towel or the bum end that can
all come off if you want as can a lot of
this here you can cut a lot of that out
unless you're going to stuff it and then
some people people you know sew that
together and kind of seal it again with
the the the actual neck end you can lose
some of that
fat now some people will put that on a
tray in the oven so that it renders and
I mean rendering means the fat falls off
underneath the the rack some people put
it straight in and keep the fat there I
mean that works for me I might do that
today and some people even roast this in
a paper bag to kind of keep moisture in
if you're going to try and do the kind
of you know the kind of crispy Chinese
aromatic duck that you see hanging up in
Chinese restaurants then that's a whole
different ball game cuz that is that you
know takes some process of of kind of
you know seasoning it and and then sort
of pouring sort of lots of lots of
really boil boiling hot water over it
and stuff like that and then hanging it
and it's a real process that what we're
going to do today is just do a kind of
simple uh roast duck now
simply you can put inside what you want
so whatever you put inside is the flavor
you're going to get or the vibe so if I
put some garlic ginger spring onions and
you know five spice and that we're going
to go a kind of Asian Chinese root with
it or you could just put some thyme in
there some onion Citrus works really
well Orange in particular um lemon
usually goes better
with chicken but but you can do what you
want so in there you could put
grapefruit orange lemon or line or a
mixture of or but I would put something
inside the cavity and also what's
important is don't stuff the cavity like
really full you know you do need to kind
of let let some sort of air flow happen
in there also the more you put inside
the longer it's going to going to you
know take to cook in the oven so that's
basically it so she's nice and clean and
you know I'm going to Pat her dry you
know get some kitchen to let me just
grab a little bit here
now you know I just show you the process
but it's just
literally get the skin nice and
dry and I'm going to be popping up a few
and we also need to do the underside of
that as well we I'm going to be popping
up a few kind of text bits here and
there for you guys to sort of check out
and just see how long it takes or you
can do this and d d just a little bit of
extra info but I'm going to carry on
getting this nice and dry then we're
going to move on to the next
step
okay so I've just trimmed the bird
slightly as you saw at the beginning I I
clipped the wings just there so they're
off I've also now
taken the back end the butt or the
Parson's nose as it's known I've taken
that off there as
well and just here there was you know a
bit of extra fat on there I've just
trimmed that up on both sides I've also
patted it dry now what I like to do is
just get a the skew and just pop a
little few holes into the skin because
that does have a kind of it has a much
thicker fattier skin I mean especially
around this
little leg area
there so yeah just kind of a few little
digs in there I mean I'm not going right
in I'm not really touching the the
actual meat I'm just of just piercing
that skin don't know if you can see that
really but she does have quite a nice
layer of fat going
on water off a duck's back apparently
you see so we've done that now that this
I mean now just to let you know now that
I've cut that off and trim that sides
this is going to be impossible now for
us to sew together some people want to
do that and kind of get some cord or or
some string and and then sort of sew
that together to keep everything aside
we can't do that any longer
because I've trimmed that off but that's
not a problem now you need to decide
what you're going to be putting inside
you could put nothing inside but yeah it
might be a little bit Bland so maybe
some garlic maybe some onions or you
know combos of of all these things like
I say a citrus maybe some apple rosemary
thyme any fresh herb basically works I'm
going to kind of go with a kind of more
Asian five spicy ginger garlic thing and
also we're going to make a glaze which
we're going to put on the top of that
and hopefully get a little bit of kind
of crispness so I'm going to do some
stuffing for that and a separate glaze
then I'm going to tell you about the
times of kind of cooking it pretty
simple let's go ahead and do
it okay so we're going to get some
things inside now into the cavity today
um like I say you guys use whatever you
want I'm going to I've got some onion
some lemon or you can use any Citrus or
lime or like I said orange or grapefruit
or something like that and here I've got
some roughly chopped garlic I've got a
couple of chilies and some ruffly
chopped Ginger we're simply going to get
that inside but first I'm going to put
in some black
pepper fairly generous amount of black
pepper and
salt just on the
inside and I'm just rubbing that into
the roof
of the cavity and simply we can just
place our ingredients in and as I said
you can use whatever you
like and I'm putting in I'm not putting
all all the onion in or the Citrus in
I'm kind of mixing it up a bit
so the flavor spread
out so you got some nice salt and pepper
in there and then like I said go for
whatever you like after
that we've got some beautiful flavors
going on in
there now what we're going to do now
this has been patted dry and we put
those holes in we're going to get a
generous
amount of salt on there on the
top and then just pack that
down we're going to do the same with
some black pepper
just Pat that down okay then I'm going
to flip that now do the other side then
I'll be
back so we've got our seasoning salt and
pepper all over bottom side under side
we're now going to add I've got some
beautiful Five Spices this is a homemade
one but you can get this in the shop and
again let's be fairly generous with
that a bit on the
cavity let's rub that and Pat that down
so it kind of sticks together and again
I'm just going to do the underside of
this and then we're pretty much ready to
go into the oven again I'm going like an
Asian chinesey type of kind of vibe
today you can go wherever you want so
you can just be putting some dried
oregano thyme
well this goes on and on doesn't it
really but yeah this is what I'm doing
today so we're going to get that ready
to go into the oven then we're going to
make a little glaze for it which we're
going to pull on about halfway through
see you in a
moment so as you can see I've now got
our duck onto a metal baking tray now
this is where people differ and there's
lots of different ways of doing this now
the method I'm doing today is straight
onto onto the metal tray I'm not adding
any fat in there or any oil in there and
I've not rubbed any oil or fat onto the
duck some people will rub some goose fat
or some oil on there I'm not going to do
that today I don't see the point in that
that's also because we're going to be
adding a glaze
later you can again raise this off the
bottom on a rack you know inside inside
the tray what that will do is any fat
that comes from it will render which
means it will drip down and collect
underneath you could do it that way if
you want you can also if you want again
on a rack raise it up and put some water
in there you can put like you know a
touch of water in the bottom in the oven
that will Steam and keep the bird really
moist and again there's another method
like I told you some people actually do
it in a brown bag you can get a paper
bag that you oil put it in and it kind
of you know Cooks I've never actually
tried that method myself but I've seen
it work you it does work for sure so
what I'm going to do now is this is
going to go into into a preheated oven
now I'm about to pop up some um text for
you
[Music]
regarding
[Music]
it's about 500 G weight for 20 minutes
cooking time roughly roughly but like I
said I'm going to pop that up now so
that's going to go in into my oven
you're going to see the text and then
it's going to come
out you know in about s the 40 minutes
or 45 minutes this one and we're going
to put some glaze on it and then it's
going to go back in So preheated oven
check this uh text out so you know you
get it correct off we go next stage for
us is why that's in we're going to make
that glaze okay so the duck is in the
oven it's going to go in for about 45 50
minutes like I say I'm going to pop some
text up which you may have seen already
um yeah 500 G about 20 minutes 500 G is
about one pound just so you know that
but let's get this glazed together so in
there I've got a little touch of
honey as you can see and I'm now going
to add some soy
sauce roughly equal parts of of of
the honey and the soy sauce and I'm
going to add some Citrus now today I'm
going to use I'm using a grapefruit
juice again about equal parts that was a
nice pink
grapefruit you can use lemon you can use
orange entirely upy
and then here I've got some uh sesame
seed oil which is a beautiful kind of
nutty flavor I'm going to pop some of
that
in that wasn't equal part so so yeah the
the soy sauce honey and the
Citrus equal parts and then a bit of
just a splash of
the sesame seed oil gives it a really I
mean sesame seed oil is absolutely
wonderful it's beautiful on dressings
and stuff like that
[Music]
let's give that little
mix and that's done so after 45 50
minutes the bird's going to come out
we're going to brush some of that all
over it it's going to go back in for the
remaining time which again is about 15
more minutes and then it's pretty much
done I'll see you when we're putting
that
on okay so as you can see our chicken
has just come out of the oven that's
been in it's so halfway halfway there
now that's been in in the oven for 45 50
minutes and you can see that there's
some
oil some fat that's coming out of there
now some people like to cook it on both
sides you know breast side down that
usually works with chicken and with
turkey especially because they can get
quite dry I don't really find it
necessary with with duck because you
know there's plenty of fat going on I I
don't think there's any point doing that
you can do it if you want some people do
it I just prefer not to so what we're
going to do we've got our
little
glaze here which we're now going to
generously put on and I I use just a
regular paint brush I use lots of these
in the kitchen so let's just Pat this
around and then she's going to go back
in the
oven for a further 50 minutes 45 50
minutes on the same
heat and I might do this a couple more
times times as well I might kind of you
know pop my head
in
in you know 15 20 minutes and and rebase
this again rebase it with some of this
beautiful glaze that we've made so back
in I'm probably going to do this a few
more times then I think she's going to
be ready and done so I'll see you
then and there we go guys that's
uh my roast
duck I basted it a couple more times you
know I used up all of that glaze that we
made and it's kind of slightly blackened
here and there that's the soy sauce and
the honey but that is beautifully cooked
um really important to get the the
cooking time right make sure you weigh
your bird and follow the instructions on
that now what we're going to do is uh
once the bird comes out the the oven and
this is really it's just come out we
need to cover this now with some silver
foil or metal foil aluminium foil
whatever you call it and just let it sit
down for maybe 10 minutes just let it
rest and it will do its thing and it
will kind of get all its juices flowing
you can eat that you know Cho that up
and eat that with some rice or something
like that as it is a kind of Asian or
Chinese styled uh
bird what we're going to do actually is
we're going to make some uh spring rolls
of this so that will cool down then
we're going to chop it up and get all
all the meat off the bone and then we're
going to make some some duck spring
rolls which we're going to make a video
for of course and you guys can see that
don't forget to subscribe to our Channel
I really do hope this has helped and
answered a few emails that I've had
about cooking
duck and that's it lots of love to you
bye-bye