hi this is Ayano again doing another
short video for you for the prosciutto
play gild with lizzie doing the camera
work Thank You Missy and what we thought
we'd do this time is a nice little rose
cake for you again it's one of the most
popular ones we do at the NEC but
converting and when we're doing stuff
for the guild so you thought it'd be
nice to have a little video so we can
refer people to that when they go to the
expand at the NEC it's also a nice one
to do because in bold the skinner blend
so for those of you who never though the
skin and then before this is nicer to
example for it I'm going to do a very
traditional color theme this time so
I've got white fuchsia and a lilac color
I'm going to do a three-way color blend
for the skinner blend for the rose and
then the petals are going to outline in
the darker purple so I've cut myself a
roughly similar shape rectangle for both
of these colors and what I'm going to do
is I'm going to diagonally cut down each
them now you'll notice when I cut I have
a cut quite to the corners I've sort of
gone in slightly so if I show you that
I'm going to turn each piece on its side
and layer them all up and the reason I
do that is because I'm using fimo soft
in this particular one and those of you
use fimo will know that you only need a
very small amount of white of color in
order to make the white go different
color so I always tend to add a little
bit of extra white on the end just to
give me a little bit extra to play with
I'm also going to add an insert on this
one so I've got two layers of the white
two layers of the pink
so with this lavender color I'm just
going to fold it in half and I'm going
to cut myself a strip of this I now do
have those two layers make sure the
folds and lightly press down says no air
trapped in between layer that one apply
that well I have that on line that and
then if you chop across the top and I've
just the bottom we're going to give
ourselves a nice skinner blend and the
way I always try and describe skin up
into people is that we always fold top
to bottom dr. bottom or bottom to top
and if you think about it that's going
to give you a creative kind of scheme
we're right across the whole blend
you're going to get all of these
different colors now all of these
players have been opposite and I'm
conditioned first and I've put them
through author on a setting number three
because I've got two layers I'm just
going to put my pasta machine now and
setting number two and then going back
to it I always want to keep all the
white on one side and
the pink on the other so I know
automatically I'm going to fold those up
that way and I tend to do that fold
first and do it and have two layers of
clay on a slightly thinner setting
because then I don't have that problem
with the clay spreading a cart and
separating when I put it through the
pasta machine for the first time so
putting it through to the pasta machine
and as we always do I'm going to use my
hand underneath to collect the clay as
it comes through and because you do that
you then know automatically to turn top
to bottom ignore the fact that there's
red on the white that's all going to
come out in the wash in a minute what
I'm now going to do is I'm going to flip
it like that this is a tip that came
from Sarah Shriver and she saw said at
the time and if you do Skinner blends
where you find it I can't see coming out
where they go slightly scooped like that
only went all yes and she said that's
the colors go past the Machine should
you think the roll is really completely
sort of straight like that when they
tend to do that or do that so if you
don't flip it each time we go through UN
turned up with a nice rectangular piece
so having done that a couple of times
you can see what I'm doing I'm just
going to clean up now didn't those up
camera works is just me speeding up so
that not sat for ages watching a video
there's one thing about skin of lemons
it does take sort of 20 or so times
before that blend comes through you can
see it's starting to come through now
that nice mix of colors and having those
do it in three colors and just add a
certain something sometimes you can get
the most wonderful color mixes to just
experiment and what comes out
most when you're sitting at home doing
this nice and quietly Blitzer is
learning plans to act such a really
smooth blend on where we going to stop
in a couple more just so that you get
the rough idea of what we're doing but
you can see there I've got quite a nice
blend coming through of all the colors
and it is staying
somewhat oblong I just going to pull
that slightly there cuz I like to make
it even more oblong sort of let's do now
is I want that blend but I want to
change the shape of it so in order to a
rose came I'm going to fold it in on
itself so if actually I've got three
layers because I like to work about inch
and half three to four centimeters in
width because that way when you're doing
what we call cane work with a pattern
runs from one side through to the other
you haven't got too much Distortion so
it's going to pinch the ends together to
make sure there's no air trapped and as
per usual folds are always on the sides
of any air might be trapped on side gets
pushed up towards the middle on exactly
the same setting I'm going to put it
through I'm holding the end if I go
through the reason you're hold this end
is because if you don't it might go to
one side or other of the pasta machine
you don't worry about what happens on
the bottom but what you get then is a
nice longer piece with blend from one
side to the other you can if you want to
then gradually go down each setting down
the pasta machine because I like to do
things quickly I go straight that 11/9
those of you don't do this just close
your eyes at that point pretend I went
all the way down through the rest and
then again all I'm doing is I'm holding
onto the top bit I'm not worried about
the bottom it'll draw I'm just holding
onto that to make sure it doesn't go all
over the place and then just keep going
all the way down and what you should end
up with is a nice concertina but when
you open it out gives you a really
lovely long piece of play with a blend
goes from one color to one into the
right way through to the other so in a
rose cane what we're going to want to do
is to a concertina it so now start at
this end and I'm going to start
following it so let's fold it about 3/4
of an inch about two centimeters long
and then just keep going back and
forwards again if you're doing this
nicely at home take your time I'm going
to do this quickly so you get the rough
effect because one things I've found
is that you don't have to do it quickly
one of the reasons I'm not doing
anything related to and flower work or
petals or anything like that is it
doesn't matter if each slice is slightly
different so because of that I'm not
going to be as detailed as I would be
for something like a kaleidoscope came
so you can see how messy that is okay
that's great because implementing of
course we just switch fun squidging the
middle bits first so that any of the air
stuck in those sides is going to get
pushed out towards the top and then just
work both sides towards the top making
sure you've got no air trapped and then
Kassab for me is quite tall only want
about that height I'm going to do that
switching again heel of my hand press
down and I'm not at all worried about it
going out of shape or being slightly
round or even square because as I say
each petal is going to be slightly
different so that is your rough petal
shape we've got ones and white at one
side going on to that line that crap
towards the future so now I'm just going
to take a piece of the purple and again
we roll this strong setting number three
I'm just going to put it through on
setting number two yet just to make it
slightly bigger but it's up to you to
decide what proportion you want it to be
compared to your piece but I'm going to
take my log of clay there cut off to
give myself an Ender and using the
tissue blade use that to measure above
and below the height of my razor cane
and then just take this piece and wrap
it round if it's slightly bigger purple
that's fine because you'll find that
it's sometimes pores are not when you're
reducing your cane if you probably
finger down there you can see where that
joint is and with like half life I'm
just cutting through and just pulling
those together to make sure the joint
fits and there we have one petal flower
Rose came but the way I do it
and again there's loads of Rose pain
tutorials out there and I've sort of
used over the years a mixture of loads
of them but have a look and see if you
want to see other ways of doing it I'm
going to fold that writ of purple just
over the top to fit a soda well I like I
tend to work on a formula because I do
this so often up at the NEC
it's good to give people a formula to
work too to know that when they go home
they can do the same measurements and
they'll get the same effect so I know I
want this one piece to go into about 10
pieces so what I'm going to do now is
I'm going to reduce the cane that means
I'm going to make it smaller but much
longer and the sinner but the thing with
a polymer clay is that the pattern stays
the same so I start doing this by just
pressing in at the very end and then
I'll make sure that the NSA slaps
lightly pressing in again I will think
it looks like a slightly a weird
cupboard sweet at this stage but it's
all I'm doing pressing down and then
when we put it to a certain stage I can
start rolling with my hand but what I'm
doing is just rolling this out I can to
roll from the middle towards the edges
and it's good to turn it around every so
often
she'll tend to find that one of your
hands takes a bit more pressure on than
another one and I can now I can feel
I've got a few air bubbles in there so
I'm just going to take my class knife
and just pop the ant of all we don't see
a lot more manipulation of this cane so
I know they're not going to worry
they're not going to be too important
those air bubbles at this stage did you
see big ones
get them out when you see them because
it's better rather than legal to later
now I know from experience I want this
to be about 6 inches 15 centimetres long
so I have here so I need a measuring
sheet should clear it off earlier and
this is available from the polymer
panakam great starts and it's done in
inches but obviously you can't forget a
piece of graph paper if you want and do
it in centimeters as well and I need to
see one two three four five six and
luckily half done is so often that was
just about perfect so I'm not going to
chop off three one-inch pieces so it'd
be two and a half centimeters if you
actually are centimeters and you can see
there how you've got that nice blend
down the middle of all your pieces so
those are your large pieces I now want
to reduce this so it's the same thing
about six inches in the next Sunday
exactly the same just rolling it on my
tile
starting from the middle and pulling it
out as I go to keep it nice and straight
and smooth and when it's think roughly
about all six inches Digital bit more
because I have got too much distortion
on that end I know I can use that piece
as well just take one two three pieces
these will be my middle sized pieces for
the roads and
- an experience I want this piece to be
about four inches in length do that and
it was a bit of wastage on the engineer
oh it isn't quite even do that enough
will be my one two three small petals
and then this last piece will be my
inner coil off the rose and when you're
doing a rose if you look at Rose the the
middle part is quite tightly coiled
petals and the easiest way to do this is
to on a sheet like this that's not going
to stick I'm using my thumb to press
down and then I will use my roller to
get that little bit really quite thin
and I'll pick that up a few in a minute
so you can see a better angle how that
looks okay so what we then do is you
just put your fingers roll very gently
from this end roll this up don't worry
about it coming uneven we'll just switch
that to turn we use a lot of time but
you can see you've already started to
get your roll in the middle when you're
working with canes never mind about how
to sort at the end looks at such
importance when we slice through and see
what we've got in the middle that's the
important bit so and put that piece on
one side now we're going to start
manipulating our petal shapes obviously
at the moment that's just a round shape
that looks like nothing like a petal
what we're going to do is we're going to
take us thumbs and fingers and we're
going to create a diamond shape in the
middle like that and actually press in
that will create you give you a nice
shape so what I'm going to do is I'm
gonna press in towards the middle and
you see is your nice shape what you're
thinking to do is turn it the other way
up because you'll be amazed how many
times in just that one inch to an a half
centimeters length it switches around so
do the same then if you need to adjust
that a tool you can do and I know from
experience as well with these three out
of bits that I want these to be much
wider than the others highlighting to go
the whole way around the Rose so I'm
just going to pull them wider I've got
it sat down firmly on the bottom so it
gives me something to hold on to and I'm
going to do that with all three pieces
so you'll see it repeated so top bottom
check there's nothing in between
and then pull it nice and wide I always
recommend as well when you're doing this
you start with the big pieces which is
such a weird feeling doing this pressing
thing with your summer fingers if you
start with the big ones by the time you
get down to the little
your fingers will be very used to that
technique so even my three large ones
done same with the middle ones head top
bottom and pull down these ones don't
need to be so wide one two three top
bottom see these haven't turned too much
talk quite often when you're janus
you'll find that they've turned a lot
friction why I would always recommend so
doing this top and bottom so these are
small ones and then it's just a case of
between all together I see now that one
has to turn slightly more so I can
readjust that one like that okay so
having done all of that outwards almost
the longest into the whole demo what
you've got to do now is to put them all
together and the thing to remember when
you're doing a rose cane is if I just
won't leave it in the middle and each
petal always overlaps the next one all
the way around and you have to decide at
this point which time you want to put
towards the middle and which color you
have to put towards the outside so I
think on this one I'm going to have the
deep pink towards the middle so then I'm
going to find when my out of it is of
the middle came and literally just force
this to curl around that's one small
piece and then do the next one and then
do the next one always kissing the
purple right open in the middle and then
you know why towards the outside you'll
also find it gets longer so that
technical term again we're going to
switch and then the middle pieces is
number one as number two and there's
number three and then the outer pieces
will always be a lot shorter because you
have manipulated them so much and made
them much wider but hopefully she might
need to make those wider still which is
quite a nice big rose you pull those
around and again don't ever worry about
what the outside looks like on the top
of your cane looks like it's what's in
the inside that's important
so there's number two and then hopefully
we should just about assume in flames
just about how this says yes it's just
about
crowd great thing about polymer clay of
course you just you can just squish it
okay and then you have the moment of
truth that low into the NUC where you
lose cross your fingers thinking please
work and when you cut down through you
should have a rose clean and that is how
to do a very quick and easy Rose Kane we
did a skinner blend there and I used a
formula so if you just follow through on
or watch the instructions or rewind
again you'll see it was just 6 inches 15
centimeters cut off three pieces same
again same length cut off three pieces
remaining pieces put into four pieces
manipulate the shapes put together and
it is that simple
enjoy
you