[Music]
hello beautiful human how are you my
name is Connor macmillan and you are
watching self-healing this is a channel
where we talk about how to heal yourself
how to grow yourself how to develop
self-love and how to bring it into your
everyday life so today we're talking
about a concept called self time and
what is self time and why is it
important and then I'm going to talk a
little bit about what self time is to me
how I take self time what that looks
like and then how you can maybe take
some for yourself today self time is
exactly what it sounds like it's time
for yourself we talked about intention a
lot in videos we talked about a tuning
your thoughts with intention to create
the environment the emotional and the
external environment that you really
want to be living in if we can align
those thoughts with love we are aligning
those thoughts with health so simply
setting the intention to create time for
yourself is showing yourself that you
are valuable it's just like creating
time to spend with a friend in doing
that your friend feels like I'm valuable
to you and they feel grateful and they
feel loved by you because you set time
apart for them that the same concept can
be applied to yourself so setting the
intention of I'm going to create a
special time that is just for me it
tells our whole system that we are
valuable that we are seen that we are
loved and when we align with love we
align with health so simply creating the
intention that I'm going to dedicate X
amount of time to myself today has
already created and set you up
for aligning with health it not only
creates a positive internal environment
but it's creating a positive external
environment so what does the external
environment look like in self time for
me self time mostly has to do with
drawing with painting with writing
poetry and sometimes it's as simple as
just going for a walk and watching a
river or listening to the birds or
laying down for a little bit in bed and
just thinking about how awesome life is
self time for me is a time to do the
things that I love to do that are just
pure you know and just connected with me
that hold magic and power just for me
that parts of me crave and want so much
and that can only be satisfied
within the context of self time so if I
were to simply sit down and draw a
picture that's very helpful for parts of
me and feels very good like those parts
feel loved the artistic side of me has a
craving that's met but if before I do
that I say to myself I'm going to create
self time and the intention there is
simply to love myself to create a
special time for me and then I sit down
and draw that same picture it changes
the experience it heightens the
closeness to aligning with love it
brings that full awareness like a full
picture of love into our system so you
can see we can do the same action but by
simply setting the intention of self
time before completing the action we add
to it we bring more health more love
into our system so simply by knowing
that such a thing called self time
exists
is really powerful and then utilizing it
as a tool in your life is super
beneficial so what does self time look
for look like for you I mean it could
look like anything what do you really
love to do and what can only be done
with you maybe you're in a partnership
or maybe you live with other people or
maybe you're living at home with your
family and maybe you're just surrounded
by a lot of people all the time creating
self time under that context can be
really really important and by simply
saying I'm gonna take some time for me
today can be super powerful and that can
look like anything but maybe it's as
simple as just going for a walk or just
sitting outside in the Sun or just
relaxing in your room
listening to some music on your
headphones it can be so many different
things the biggest part is setting the
intention and knowing that this is how
you show yourself that you are important
that you're valuable that you're loved
that you know how to take care of you if
you've never experienced self time
before if you've never set it up as this
is my dedicated self time I'm super
excited for you to try it out and if you
try it out please post down below in the
comments and just let us all know what
you did for yourself time and how it
felt if you're well acquainted with self
time you do it all the time you've got
some great systems in place for showing
your self love we would love to hear
about it please participate in the
conversation below in the comments we
would love to hear that and if you like
this video please press like button you
can subscribe to the channel I try and
put out videos every week on self
healing on self growth and self love so
much love to you in your life I hope you
can get some self time today take care
of yourself and
Wow
[Music]
[Music]