hey guys welcome I wanted to show you
where's the on paper it came in how to
laminate this is my favorite hat how to
laminate on a budget without a
laminating machine so I'm trying to get
our little area prepped I might have
thrown it away to do a little preschool
at home with laylani
and I do have a laminating machine which
I'll show all that in another video but
[Music]
some of the stuff I have is not going to
fit in it because it's only I think four
eight and a half by eleven size paper
so um what I have for you is I reach up
high a hack that is perfect for
everybody so I got this kit for three
bucks from the target and it comes with
a paper calendar or whatever this glossy
paper is and it's got little slits in it
and you put the days of the month in
there and then you also get the months
and then you get like I don't know
important dates holidays things like
that so what I did was went to the
Dollar Tree and I got clear contact
paper it says adhesive covering and this
is only a dollar and you get one and a
half yards so I enlisted the help of my
husband and he has been laminating don't
mind all that those are all home school
supplies on my desk
he's been laminating this because I want
to be able to use this for years to come
and I wasn't gonna be able to do that if
I left it as is so he put the paper I
mean the calender down first and then
the laminating paper or the contact
paper and then he worked with a little
card a little membership card to get all
the air bubbles out and so then what I
do with that strip of stuff
so then
oh I've got this it came in a little
pack it's they call it fastening strip
hold this second fastener strip so no so
it came in a thing it looks like this
you get a yard and a half or a yard and
what I'm going to do is cut a little
slot and I'm gonna use e6000 and then
I'm gonna put some on the calendar and
once these are laminated I'll use e6000
on the back of these so that way we can
change up the calendar as the months go
on and we aren't going to rip it or
anything and we can use it for years to
come
so there is my laminating hack on a
budget you can get one roll of these or
stock up and get as much as you want it
doesn't do it perfectly clear because
there's no like heat to melt the plastic
a little bit so if you're okay with a
little bit of haze then you should go
ahead and get some of this and you can
use it for all sorts of stuff I've used
it for felt boards to do a DIY felt
board which I'll do that in another
video as well but I just want to show
you that we have our little calendar
going up and we spent four or five bucks
on this whole project it was three
dollars for that calendar kit a dollar
for one roll of this which I think we
might need to so that's five dollars
right there and then a dollar for the
fastening strip so if you have any
questions let me know I'd be happy to
answer them for you and let me know down
below if you have any uses for the clear
adhesive covering I guess they're not
allowed to call it contact paper and
make sure you give this video a thumbs
up and you subscribe to get future
videos in your video feed so thanks for
watching you guys have a great day
say bye
yeah on her camera bye guys