hello everybody today I'm going to show
you how to make a great batch of
biscuits corn Anzac biscuits for those
of you who are unfamiliar with the word
n zach is in fact an acronym with the
letters A in Z a see standing for
Australian and New Zealand Army corpse
the anzacs will largely volunteer
soldiers who distinguished themselves in
the theater of war on the other side of
the world nearly 100 years ago they were
recognized as being men of courage for
the strong sense of camaraderie a
laid-back demeanor and a ready smile
during World War one the Ottoman Empire
or turkey was allied germany in the
Germans convinced Tiki to block the
Dardanelles straight the data now
straight formed the shipping route
between the Mediterranean Sea and the
Black Sea by closing this route
prevented a light arms and supplies from
reaching Russia in the Eastern Front in
response to this the British Navy
launched a series of attacks against the
defensive positions on the Turkish
Peninsula corporal literally these
attacks were a failure and ended up in a
humiliating defeat for the Allies and a
change of strategy it was decided that
troops on the ground would be the best
way to neutralize these Turkish defenses
soldiers from the United Kingdom France
India Nepal and the Anzacs sailed from
the Allied base to Turkey on the
twenty-fifth of april nineteen fifteen
just before dawn these soldiers landed
on the gallipoli peninsula there was
general confusion and made him during
these landings the terrain was made up
of steep sandy cliff faces and a thick
tangle scrubs growing over the top
despite these setbacks pockets of the
attacking force didn't make some good
games and land but without proper Becca
before spec and had to do you conditions
at Gallipoli were dreadful the close
proximity
some of the fighting mean that the
burial of some of their fallen comrades
was impossible during the summer month
it was said that swarms of flies with
dark between the latrines and unburied
corpse and then on to a soldier's meal
one soldier wrote that it was a feat of
human resolve to see that a man would
even contemplate eating with that level
of stench of decay thick in the air in
winter some soldiers lost limbs to
frostbite and others suffered from
exposure all add into the misery the
Gallipoli campaign was a failure and it
was seriously flawed by lack of
preparation and poor execution in fact
it has been said that the only success
at Gallipoli was the evacuation I also
think that anzac biscuits originated at
Gallipoli owing to the fact that the
limited supplies of the army kitchens
necessitated a simple recipe it turns
out though that they got their name from
the fact that women in both New Zealand
and Australia used to bake these
biscuits at home to be seen to the
soldiers at Gallipoli anyway let's eat
first of all preheat the oven to 180
degrees or if like me you have a fan
forced oven put it on to 160 degrees
next over a low to medium heat mount 100
grams of butter along with one
tablespoon of golden syrup once the
butter in the golden syrup have melted
together we can place it aside and allow
to cool for a bit then into a large
mixing bowl add half a cup of sugar
three-quarters of a cup of desiccated
coconut three quarters of a cup of
rolled oats and I'll sift in three
quarters of a cup of plain baking flour
give it a quick
next add one teaspoon of baking soda to
one tablespoon of hot water give the
little bit of a stir and then just sip
it slow get the melted golden syrup and
butter and give it a stir at this point
you can add the baking soda and hot
water as well the baking soda and water
is the rising agent for this recipe
because it doesn't contain any eggs
that's the reason why the biscuits were
able to last on the long journey from
new zealand in Australia to Gallipoli I
find it's actually easier to mix it in
with your fingers once it is all mixed
in roll into golf ball sized balls in
place onto a baking tray
and place them in the oven cooking them
14 to 15 minutes or until they're
golden-brown
it was one particularly horrific battle
that lasted for nearly three days
thousands of Turkish soldiers started
piling up in a summer heat with one
soldier coordinate eight acres of bodies
eventually the tanks requested a
ceasefire and at this time a strange
thing happened handshakes and gifts were
exchanged between the two sides Turkish
troops who are able to speak English
chatted to the Anzacs in the ends X
realized that these troops were in fact
decent men a strange sort of honor grew
between the two sides from that moment
onwards one ends ex-soldier wrote home
that the Turkish soldier can be caught
whatever you like but ultimately he is a
gentleman though these events have been
nearly 100 years ago every year before
dawn on the twenty-fifth of April people
throughout both New Zealand and
Australia gather at memorial services to
remember those soldiers who served at
Gallipoli in Turkey today there are a
number of impressive memorials and war
cemeteries dedicated to the soldiers of
both sides conversely in both New
Zealand and Australia there are
memorials dedicated to an inspirational
Turkish military leader called Mustafa
Kemal in 1934 he offered these generous
and I think quite beautiful words to
those NZ soldiers who fell ago literally
and the families that they live behind I
will close out on his words thank you
for watching see you again next time
those heroes that she had their blood
and lost their lives you are now lying
in the soil of a friendly country
v4 rest in peace there is no difference
between the Johnnies and the mimics to
us with a lie side by side here in this
country of ours and you the mothers you
sent their sons from faraway countries
wipe away your tears your sons and our
line in our bosom and Aaron peace after
heavy lost their lives oh nice landing
they let me down our sons as well
you