hi my name is John GI and today we're
going to demonstrate a soft tissue
injury treatment using a physique
instant ice pack and using tiger rip
cohesive tape lots of people on the side
of a field have soft tissue injuries so
we're just going to demonstrate one on
the lateral side of a fire so if you got
a hematoma on the side of a leg here
then we're going to place the ice pack
and leave it on there for maybe 10 to 20
minutes to actually activate the ice
pack inside here we have like a like a
pocket of water and then we got some
cryst so we need to activate the
contents so to actually utilize the
contents we need to break so using a
fist and we use a sharp contact and we
can
shakee the KN is now really cold very
very quickly so what we're going to get
the patient to do is if you can just
keep that onto the area of where you
feel the pain then using the
tiger rip cohesive now the first of all
we just need to keep that contact down I
tend to start disty
and then work towards proximal
end the good thing about keep it into
place is that you get compression and
also the cold actually stays colder
because we almost
insulate the ice pack in that sort of
position I've used the tape so we can
leave that on for approximately 10 to 15
maybe even 20 minutes depending on the
ambient sort of temperature okay and now
it's using in physique insant ice pack
and tiger rip cohesive bandage