hi I'm PM d'amour the decorating diva
and I've got some great stuff to show
you I'm going to show you how to make an
adjustable strap for your handbag
project this is a project that I take me
from my new book hold everything which I
hope you have and that's why you're
looking at this clip if you don't have
it you need to run not walk to your
computer and order it from our website
Pam d'amour compy am G am oh you are
calm anyway so here is my bag getting
ready to accept the strap I've got the
straps already sewn on and here is my
strap and I Stan so what I've got here
is I've got the two d-rings that my
swivel clip is going to clip onto
and I've got my slider so the first
thing I'm gonna do is I'm going to put
my slider on and what I did is I put a
stabilizing and stabilizer in the strap
called deco magic but I I stopped it
like an inch before so they this last
part is kind of soft it's not stiff okay
clip those stray threads there all right
now so what we're going to do is we're
going to take the wrong side of the
strap which is the back side we're gonna
bring that through we're gonna flip this
through right here like this and pull it
through just a little bit and that's
soft and the end will stabilize just the
part we're going to fold under fold that
under and we're just going to bring that
out so it's just past the edge of the
strap so we can get it under the machine
then we're going to go to the sewing
machine put our presser foot down start
I got start right at the very edge I
started just a little bit let me show
you here I'm going to start in just
about right here I'm gonna back up so
I'm gonna put my needle put your needle
down for us if you want to sit down and
I'm gonna back it up
and then go forward and then back it up
all the way because we really want to
enforce that stitching and cars right so
there we have our strap that's just down
won't clip those threads in a minute now
we're going to take our swivel clip and
we're going to bring it through okay and
then we are going to come back through
the slider in one side and then out
through the other and this loop is going
to be what adjusts so I can slide this
down just a little bit here till I get
the length of my strap that I want and
again it is adjustable so I can make it
bigger smaller depending if I want a
crossbody strap or a crossbody bag or I
just want to lose short shoulder strap
my can adjust it then we're gonna take
the other swivel clip and these are
swivel so you don't need to be worried
about it going in the right direction
and so you're gonna slide that on you're
gonna again fold that end under that
doesn't have the stabilizer we're gonna
fold that over and we're going to sew
and like before I'm going to start in
about a quarter of an inch back it up
go forward again stitched all together
about three times and there we are we're
gonna cut our threads we can clip this
on our back again you don't need to be
mindful whether it's clip the right way
or the wrong way or whether the strap is
twisted because guess what it is a
swivel clip so it will turn it Hardware
like this will be found on our website
ww-why m2 more calm and you can buy all
your bag hardware and now we have our
adjustable strap on our bags let me
model that for you it's perfect if I
wanted as a crossover I can now make it
longer thank you for joining me I'm Pam
d'amour the decorating Dave and happy
selling