[Music]
hey it's Vanessa from crafty gemini.com
today I'm here with a great tutorial on
how to make this pillowcase dress for
the princess in your life here you see
we have two different types of cotton
Fabrics one for the main part of the
dress another for the trim and then we
have some ribbon here for the shoulder
straps what I do want you to note is
that the dress is completely finished on
the inside and outside in this tutorial
we make this dress using French seams so
it gives it a very clean and
professional look this this would make a
great gift for any little girl that you
know this video is basically going to
walk you through the basics of putting
the dress together but if you want the
step by-step instructions make sure you
log on to crafty gemini.com and you can
purchase the PDF so you can make this
dress and make it in a variety of sizes
let's get
started this is a nice and simple little
pillowcase dress to make notice we only
need three different things we need two
pieces of fabric here I'm using 100%
quilting Cottons this green that you see
here is for the main fabric of the dress
this fabric here is going to be for the
bottom trim and then what we're using
for the shoulder straps to tie on is
this 38 of an inch wide ribbon here we
have our main fabric both layers ugly
sides touching going to fold it in half
lengthwise and match those raw edges now
we need to cut our arm holes based on
the measurements that I tell you in my
pattern I've gone ahead and made a Mark
here here and here where these two lines
meet you want to try to make a curved
edge here just so you can get a nice
curved armhole what I'm going to do is
take my rotary cutter and just nice and
slow and just eyeball it this doesn't
have to be too precise but just cut
right along there now you're going to
hem your arm holes I have one piece of
the main fabric ugly side facing up
pretty side down okay I'm going to fold
this Edge in about a quart of an inch
and finger press it meaning I'm
scratching my nail up against it to help
the fabric fold into place when you get
to the curve you kind of want to tug at
the fabric and make it fold over
since it's a curve it's a little tricky
but just pull the fabric a little bit
and it'll lay in place press it in
place if you need to put some starch go
ahead and do it to help you
out and once you fold it over once now
you're going to redo it just the same
way again fold it over itself and press
in place notice I'm starting from the
top it's a lot easier to come down into
the curve as opposed to starting here
and just tug at that fabric press
it a little starch if you need
it just like that now you're going to
pin that in place like you see here and
you're going to stitch along the inner
Edge right along here of this fold
repeat that on all the other arm holes
and you'll be good to
go now we're going to make the casing
for our shoulder straps following the
measurements that I show you on the
pattern go ahead and fold your casing
over press it in place now you're going
to reopen it and fold it under
here and press that in
place if you need some
starch go ahead and starch it press
it and then refold on that
line pin it in place
and now all you need to do is Stitch it
in place I'm just going to hold it there
and we're again we're going to stitch
real close to the folded line so that we
have no fabric flapping up after it's
stitched just a quick shot of the casing
again I Stitch real close to this folded
Edge and you see there's hardly any
fabric down here you want to stitch nice
and close to that
edge we're ready to attach the bottom
border to the our dress to one side of
the dress and go ahead and follow the
exact instructions on my pattern to
attach this with a French seam I'm going
to go ahead and pin it in
place and then I'm going to stitch my
first
seam the French seams give it a nice
professional finish if you want to learn
how to make the French seam exactly go
ahead and watch my other tutorial on how
to make a French seam or just follow the
step by-step instructions on the pattern
for this pillowcase
dress I've pressed the seam in place
that I've just stitched for the second
part of our French seam now I want to
fold this
back and line up that seam nice and
neatly there along this Edge press it in
place I like to starch my stuff it just
makes it a lot easier for me to sew
with so just press it in place and I'm
going to stitch that second Seam for my
French seam
so I finished stitching down the second
seam to my French seam press it in place
I'm going to flip it out and press this
in
place start it a
little so that that seam lays nice and
flat and now when you see the wrong side
of it you don't see any raw edges you
see that the seam is completely encased
in there and it gives it a nice
professional look so repeat to the other
side and then we'll move on Now using
the same technique that we used to
create this French seam down here we're
going to do the same thing along the
side seams so here I'm lining up my two
pieces the one point you want to make
sure you do match up is this one down
here where all these meet so I want this
yellow to match up with this yellow down
here so I'm going to line that up as
perfect as I can get it and I'm going to
put in a pin diagonally there to hold
that point go ahead and pin the rest of
this
up matching those raw edges
you want to make sure that you have that
point mark there and then if this is a
little bit off it's okay in this case I
happen to have it just fine but if it's
a little off it's not going to make that
big of a deal here you see I've done a
French seam along one of the side seams
it's completely finished inside and out
okay now what we need to do instead of
stitching this next side seam to put the
dress together you first want to hem
your dress so now that you have one
continuous piece like this go ahead and
follow the measurements that I give you
in the pattern
and create the Hem at the bottom of your
dress I've hem the bottom of my dress
and remember this is the point that you
want to match up so there I have it just
fine now what we're going to do is
finish off the dress you see it's coming
together nicely let me fold this up all
you have to do is finish a French seam
on this side we finished the second side
seam on our dress gone ahead and flipped
it inside out and press the side seams
so they finish nice and leaty now follow
the instructions to put your Ribbon
through the casing and you have your
shoulder straps and there's your
completed pillowcase dress make sure you
join us next time where I'm going to
show you how to make this version of the
pillowcase dress how to make your own
ruffle at the bottom and how to make the
shoulder straps out of coordinating
fabric instead of using ribbon I hope
you enjoyed your pillowcase dress
tutorial remember if you want the
step-by-step instructions log on to
crafty gemini.com and you'll be able to
purchase the PDF for the pillowcase
dress hope you enjoyed it and thanks for
joining us
[Music]