hey guys what's going on bill here with
on the borderlands 2 video and today i'm
going to be going over my siren build
now I know in the different gaming
forums a lot of people are discussing
whether or not the siren is you know
viable using the Cataclysm tree a lot of
people think that sirens should just sit
in the back and only use their phase
lock to res people and that's really not
the case
I mean another reason I picked a siren
it was because I wanted to see stuff
just melt you know I want to light
people on fire and melt robots and
that's what makes a siren fun to me so I
went Cataclysm as soon as I could start
putting points in and I will say it's a
little bit harder to level up but once
you hit 31 and you can pick up ruin you
just wreck everything from there on out
so I'm going to go over my build real
quick give you an idea of what I went
with and why I went with that and then
you know we'll go fight a couple things
and show you how it works in action so
first off you got Flickr and you know
this is this is one of your
bread-and-butter skills you know you
have to have this I mean even without
the extra class amount points Flickr is
going to give you 30% and these values
are additive so let's say you get 30%
from Flickr
you know bad s ranks I get roughly under
7% and then I'm class mods you get
anywhere from 20 to 30% and then you
have your gum percentage and when you
add all that up especially late-game I
mean you're looking at anywhere from 70
up to close to a hundred percent chance
for your elemental effects to trigger
and it's just a beautiful thing I mean
when you shoot your gun and almost every
time you shoot a bullet you're going to
light something on fire or corrode that
badass loader that's attacking you it
just makes the game that much more fun
and you know that much more rewarding
moving on we got foresight I mean it's
just another one of those core skills
you got to get it
I mean increase magazine size increase
reloads food there's no downside to this
scale and especially when you look at
the dynamics of phase-lock I mean if you
put something up in your phase lock and
it's up there for say five seconds the
last thing you want to happen is you
empty a clip into it and then you're
stuck reloading and then by the time
your guns are loaded the things out of
phase lock and you can't just drill with
bullets anymore so foresight always
helps
now just these two alone we'll get you
down to the third tier so I'm going to
go over why's get these three skills
were quick Emily honestly I think it's a
waste of a scale yeah you get to add
fire damage but you know you never know
what you're going to be fighting and if
you're fighting something that's immune
to fire which there are quite a few
enemies that are then you just basically
wasted five skill points so didn't see
that one is being worth it and backdraft
is a similar situation I mean compared
to the first Borderlands where you were
just running around phase walking you
know hitting stuff with melee and
exploding out with fire explosions and
that was also map Lilith
but Maya doesn't really have the same
melee capacity I mean you can free stuff
in place but you know you don't have
that stealth you don't have that giant
explosion and I felt that backdraft was
just you know it wasn't a viable enough
solution for me to decide to go with it
so I also skip that
now Chain Reaction I don't have right
now but during leveling it's a great
skill I mean max skill you're at forty
percent so you can basically phase lock
that bad s load or the badass keg or
whatever you're fighting drill it full
of bullets and meanwhile your bullets
are going to ricochet and hit every
other enemy around it so it's a great
skill for leveling up late-game I
decided to drop it because a lot of the
enemies that you're fighting you can't
keep in a phase lock so I didn't find it
as useful but regardless it's also an
excellent choice so we've gone to Helios
the reason I went with Helios is ruin
already is going to provide you with
slag corrosion and electricity and
Helios you know just adds to the package
why not give it fire damage and another
nice thing about this is against the
enemies that you can't actually
phase-lock like say a constructor or
some of the different bosses that you're
going to fight no disabilities still
going to proc so if I see a constructor
and I try to phase lock it even though
it's not going up my nice little bubble
that fire explosions still going to go
off like I've seen it wipe out the
little surveyors that fly around the
constructor which is I mean everyone
hates those things so it's always nice I
mean you know who wouldn't want to add
another element to another phase lock so
moving on
dropped a point into cloud kill a lot of
people skip the skill I don't see why I
mean a lot of the times is going to be
useful as big bosses and whatnot I mean
you start shooting and you basically
just get
a free corrosive that's just ticking on
it full-time and I mean it's one point I
don't really see a reason to pass this
up it's free damage basically Reaper
outright it's just a great skill to have
I mean most of the time when you're
fighting stuff by the time it gets the
50% mark it's just going to finish
burning or melting from there which is
what really makes this shine because
basically you know most enemies you're
going to start shooting by the time they
hit 50% they're just going to you know
your elements are going to finish them
off
so Reaper is going to make every one of
those fights go faster and on the boss
fights you're pretty much just looking
at a flat 40% more damage for half the
fight I mean why you would skip it I
don't know no downside
now blight Phoenix I did a lot of
testing when I went back and forth
deciding whether or not it was worth it
because similar a backdraft you have to
basically be within melee range for this
ability to really you know see the
benefits of it and finally I decided to
use it as my progression to get to Rouen
and I mean it doesn't see that much play
but there are uses for it I mean
specifically in regards to the with the
weaker mobs you know anytime you run up
against like the little bully Mansour
varkids or anything that's you know even
surveyors the enemies that are small
annoying like give all the racks they're
flying down there hitting you in the
back of the head and you know that they
just piss you off and you're just like
man why don't I have where's my commando
that should be next to me with a turret
to shoot these damn things well that's
where blight Phoenix comes in because
pretty much this annoying little Vulcan
just runs up to you and it just dies
because you're like oh just just melt so
you know regards to that it's nice so we
dropped four points to progress up to
ruin and ruin is where [ __ ] really gets
nice I mean like I said it's hard to
level Cataclysm up until you get ruined
but once you get this scale everything
basically becomes your [ __ ] because
you're going to slag enemies which
effectively doubles the damage output
you can do against them you're going to
electrocute them so anything that has a
shield well it can say goodbye to the
shield and then it's going to slap some
corrosion on top of it I mean awesome
awesome scale and even against bosses
that are immune to phase-lock similar to
to Helios when you phase like something
that won't actually go up in the bubble
all these effects will still proc so
you're still going to see the Helios
explosion
you're still going to electrocute them
you're going to slag and we're going to
corrode them it's just an awesome skill
so moving over we got Ward and the
reason I started going a little bit
defensive was especially when you get
into true vault hunter mode or New Game+
you know you'll see the difficulty
really ramps up and this is where I hit
the point where I was thinking well you
know do I want to do I want shield
survivability or do I want health
survivability and the way I built my
siren I said well you know shield you
can dip behind cover just shield with
Hill backup whereas your health you know
I feel like I'll boost health a lot
faster than I lose a shield so I decided
to go with ward I mean obviously I got
some extra points in it from the class
mod so it gets pretty crazy but either
way it's a it's a nice defensive tool
and then accelerate another one of those
core skills it's just nice to have I
mean there's no downside to having more
damage and have your bullets faster
there just isn't you can't argue it then
the final point I have in here is
converge and the nice thing about
converge when you combine it with ruin
is ruin on its own it's going to hit
everything I think and I'll say a 2 to 3
yard radius around the target that you
phase-lock all converge is going to take
everything in like a 15 yard radius and
it's going to yank it all towards that
target now your Helios might not hit
everything but basically when you phase
like something it's going to yank
everything over similar to a singularity
grenade and then towards the end of your
phase lock when the electricity and the
corrosion effects go off those will end
up hitting everything that you yanked
over so I mean converge in room and they
just they go together they just work
great and I still have eight points left
and the reason for this is you know
there's some flexibility obviously you
can move some points around and the
biggest thing about that is you never
know what your class mod is going to
support so you know you take this build
and then say all right well what's my
class mod buffing you know in my case
it's giving me four - sweet release and
mind's eye which I mean I didn't really
use them while leveling up but I mean if
I have to only drop one point they're
going to go up to five out of five and
five out of five there's really no
downside of that so you know play to
your class mods even if it's a skill
that you might not use as long as it's
not like you know all the way down here
or something where you have to you know
deviate from a specific build to get to
it
you know make sure you actually utilize
your
last month because it's just free points
so six points left no suspensions a nice
skill but same thing it's only going to
really you're going to see the effects
of it against something like a badass
now keep something up in the air for an
extra two and a half seconds useful but
you know especially with ruin once your
slag you're going to die anyway so I
don't worry about that between these two
I probably go with inertia I think just
because I love inertia now and both of
these are nice skills to have while
leveling up I have both of these maxed
and I mean inertia another 50% reload
speed that's awesome I mean that gets
your SMG is reloading like half a second
and kinetic reflection is a really nice
one to have while leveling up but you
know same as a same as a chain reaction
late-game I'm fighting a lot of things
that don't have guns so I'm not going to
be going with it because you know
against something like tare amorphous
it's not going to help me because I
can't deflect giant laser beams that are
coming out of his tentacles but so now
we got our skill point set now let's uh
we're going to go somewhere see if you
can do and another quick siren tip I
know a lot of people have found out if
you get Moxie enough money she'll give
you some nice guns you know miss Moxie's
good touch to miss Moxie's bad touch and
one of the things about these guns that
a lot of people don't know is I mean not
only do they scale with your level so
you can you know tipper at level 50 and
get one at level 50 do the same thing
you're leveling up 30 35 40 whatever the
case is but these guns also have
built-in health steel which you know
late-game
especially with all the stuff I already
have to get my shield up you know having
a little something that's going to get
my health up - it's just - welcome why
not why not get my shield and my health
up at the same time so we're going to
look for somewhere to go we can fight a
bunch of stuff let's do culture and
everything there's level 50 or above so
this will give you a good idea of how
the build works another nice thing I'd
say is if you don't already find a
rocket launcher
for my loadout I like to you know I have
all elements at my disposal I got fire
on the SMG got corrosion on the shotgun
I got a sniper rifle that absolutely
love with plenty of slide damage and
then finally you just find the heaviest
hitting rocket launcher you can and you
keep it around because sooner or later
you're going to go down you're not going
to really see something in that rocket
just blasting something in the face is
usually going to be what gets you up so
we're just gonna jump down here and do a
middle of salty cauldron see if we can't
find a couple bad guys to group up
number one everything
Elton
this is where that rocket comes into
play is this I think I'm gonna die
I should just find out about that okay
but tell you what having a go at this
has built-in bleach and a ton of fire
it's like every sign wet dream why would
you not want
like that already got tons of stuff to
get your shield off mine as well
deal anger
singularity grenades they
keep everything for yourself thanks to
all the populace
Elementor underscore
Oh
what
just in space
phase-lock alone
basically guys just probably would have
good
Travie here there
come on same thing Oh every time think
you're about to die
Hey
we'll shoot somebody you'll go down and
then the guy that you were shooting like
you've instantly raised because
burn damage
then you go down and second mating right
back
died honesty another reason
hope you guys enjoy watching you know as
I mentioned well clearly as you can see
Cataclysm is definitely a viable spec
for sirens you know hopefully you guys
can try out this spec and you have fun
with it yourselves and we'll catch you
guys next time