[Music]
[Music]
hi and welcome to the same bar one of
the most classes drink is the whiskey so
why not make it with the YG's ram so
first thing to do we cheat our sour
glass in a big shaker we put some sugar
syrup all part of sugar syrup and as
well 3/4 of fresh lemon juice next thing
we have is a fresh egg white
the main protagonists of our rum sour
will be the YG's now into this - irate
and get some bubbles together with an
egg-white so we can do a dry shake where
you can use electric mister
it's mice now we have to shake it the
most important thing when you shake it s
are with egg while you have to make sure
that you hydrate and ir8 and I read more
and more and more to get out there the
most of it with the froth okay we get
rid of the ice where the glass is fresh
cold and chill and we just put it all
over
see when you give a nice shape with egg
white the total amount of egg white gets
shaken and froth so you don't end up
drinking Ashley but with this amount of
flow start to separate separate several
give a nice head on the top which is a
good garnish what we do now just gently
spread the top of the phone to break
this the bubble now we need to make it
rest 30 second and we want to put on the
top some red wine
and then with the peel of an orange
we'll just peel out the all 360 of the
orange peel
we perfume it again and I'm sorry glass
on the step on the bottom and then we
carve it again
just to make it more fancy more elegant
put it on the top and we're gonna
garnish as well with the fresh cherries
and this you're a wild geese Ram new
york-style Ram Sawa salute