hello everybody this is drew better
noise Bleek born today I'm gonna repot
these tiny three norfolk pines that i
just picked up at the grocery store for
389 for the three and i'm gonna plant
them into tiny little bonsai pots we'll
see how this goes as always I'll be
using my favorite mix I got is the
hoffmans mix you can pick these up at
local gardening stores usually not
sponsors just really like this stuff but
so what I'll do
starting is three little pots but I'm
gonna comb up these roots here so just
turn this down I'll just wiggle this out
of three out of the thing they're not
technically a pine I guess they're
closer look at those roots coming on the
bottom they're more closely related to
like thinking orchid or something like
they're a tropical plant that you know
doesn't need a lot of soil and can
thrive inside of a house environment but
can't doesn't like getting Collini but I
will just see if I get these guys free
roots are so thick I'm have to do some
trimming I do all the run up and run
ladies there we go
there should be three separate trees
here I'll get breaking apart the dirt
yeah really wound up together here they
do require high humidity so we'll see
how well they do in the hoffmans makes
it a little drier than some other ones
but I think it'll do fine see my face
I'm up here to see much in there we go
so I got one free that was pretty
painless and I will probably plant it in
one of these pots one of the ones at the
bigger root base take a look at the
other one we got here
[Music]
man command
okay the second one look at all the long
thin roots but it's got one major one I
almost want to trim and trim that off
what this one's actually kind of got a
nice lower root base going Rd but it had
a lot of little loose so I think you're
gonna be my little pot guy and I think
I'll have to go get some quick little
scissors to trim trim these down so long
and I'll be right back
those like magic cut scissors okay so
what I'm gonna do is take this one here
and then I got this little pot and I'm
gonna kind of see how I want to sit in
here and then I'm gonna cut off some of
this excess tree I'll probably a curl a
little bit in so I'm gonna cut probably
right here I'll curl that in a little
bit of that end I don't mind having it a
little I'll rather have them establish
good roots in here and then trim them
again later let's all probably put it in
like about there it's just a little
Hoffmans mix going on here it's gonna
take a little handful get a good base
built into the pot and then I will place
it kind of in the middle roots down and
then pour the rest of what I've got into
it
but now I recommend someone trying to
find or make a tool I actually
blacksmith this one myself
a little root rake one ends a little
spike so you can go in and push the dirt
down in around the roots and push make
sure the roots are pushed in and oh that
one am I just
[Music]
you want to make sure that feels stable
in there like with bigger trees and
stuff they have more with bigger trees
that have a little bigger roots already
is a little easier to do but with these
little tiny ones that have not much for
the restructure yet a little a little
more complicated to really press it in
around the roots especially since they
don't really have any what I'll do is
take some of the stuff that fell down
I'll give it a good water that's that's
the first one I'll set it aside over
there I won't do any other trimming to
it at this point I want to make sure
it's well established really before I do
anything else now I got these two
okay I think I'll do this way so I'll
start with big one here and I'm only
going to trim off a tiny bit of the tips
of these roots it seemed pretty dry but
I want to make sure it really gets
established root base before I really do
a major bottom just because I don't want
to kill it you know I want to make sure
it's well and healthy and on its way
before I do any major
oops get some scoops get some scoops out
to cover the bottom stop all these
routes in normally you probably would
want to trim around the full width of
the thing that really gets the world
radial roots for right now my purpose is
I want to get these potted out of the
soil that they were in I'm something a
little more fun zai friendly does that
make a complete mess of my table so then
I'll take my little spike kind of work
the dirt down really help stabilize this
tree if you already could see it's
certain that really good stable really
quickly and that got some of the bigger
chunks in here pretty good I'm gonna add
a little more dirt and Shannon is for
some roots are popping up which actually
might just trim
[Music]
well this will be my first attempts of
ponderosa pine so we'll see how they do
I'll keep you guys up to date on how
they end up doing and now we'll do the
third and final one which this guy's
roots are kind of already growing as
well with a lot of little roots here but
I think I have to trim off some of this
I think I'll trim too right there right
you're pretty I am gonna let it go
around in a circle
I kinda want it to get established in
the pot like all the other ones before I
really mess with the roots I want a good
root system initially but I don't want
to overcrowd the roots and make it so I
have to repot this next year I want to
wait a year or two before I repot
something
and you guys could do this with like a
bamboo like they call it the rod things
for barbecuing @viki is one of the end
of one of those or just anything that's
long and slender even a pencil will work
that is like the fine point that i
blacksmiths down to this one and it's
pretty firm now I'm gonna give these
guys a good soak now that they're
repotted and I'm sure my big needle on
that guy oh yeah you can see this one's
drooping a little bit so they did it was
this dirt is super dry that they were in
so they haven't been watering I'm gonna
knock in the store but
and I'll trim these down once we uh once
their final project but I'll keep you
guys updated as the time goes on with
these guys you're just kind of a look at
that right there
you just kind of look at what the
ponderosa pine is it's not technically a
pine but it definitely gives you that
look if you're looking for an indoor
tropical pine tree which technically
these are like this will work out great
for your bonsai collection so thank you
guys for watching I am drew better known
as bleak born it's my channel so please
stay tuned and you guys will see more
videos like this in the future so like
subscribe hit that notification bell
thing down on the bottom and I'll see
you guys next time