hi guys and ladies a subscriber pointed
out an online recipe to me and I was
blown away by the photo my mouth watered
it's black and shrimp and I have some
shrimp in the freezer but I wonder if
it'll work on fish too well all we need
are a couple of fish
[Music]
this week we had floods so late catch
your big ones water is a muddy mess but
let's try to catch a fish anyway this is
a classic 1/8 ounce beetle spin when
fishing is tough small is always good
and the spinner blade just might allow
the fish to see the lure so let's give
it a try
[Music]
look I've switched to a bait casting
reel because the bail wasn't closing
right on my spinning reel and I can cast
this little beetle spin just fine with
the bait caster the problem is the mud
the water is just too muddy I had one
fish on and he got off my thinking is
that he'll there there's a pristine pond
little pond and it's always clear let's
give that a try this is a small advance
but I can tell by the size that its
second generation the first generation
there are few of them well this size
fish is in abundance here in this pond
so we can take a few for the recipe we
won't hurt the pond you know when I was
young I used to drive around farm
country looking for ponds to fish and I
would knock on the door I suggest
everyone do that just between you and me
I used to sneak up golf course and fish
especially Mondays there were few
golfers out and I caught some good fish
on a golf course you don't have to buy
land with a lake but something you may
want to
[Applause]
look at that a nice perch I'm keeping
them this is the most delicious fish in
the world
I'm keeping it well we only caught three
fish but that should be enough for our
recipe let's get in the house
fillet these guys in tomorrow its
blackened fish and shrimp
[Music]
yesterday was a fishing lesson fish
can't bite what they can't see
so the solution was to find clear water
and lookie here we have over a half
pound of these nice fish fillets and I'm
eager to get to this blackened fish and
shrimp recipe but first we need a side
how about risotto you know me it's got
to be low carb risotto
why is my risotto fake it's because I'm
going to use this it's rice color flour
frozen in the bag all I'm gonna do is
put these in the microwave just enough
to defrost them then goes our color
flour so to that I'm going to add 3
tablespoons of softened butter 1/2
teaspoon of salt 1/2 teaspoon of garlic
powder and some fresh cracked pepper
let's stir this a little I don't know if
I have to cover this or not but I'm
going to cover it and then it goes into
microwave for 6 full minutes oh this has
been in the microwave for 6 minutes it's
piping hot I have here bell geo geo so
if you could say that you're better than
I am better geo also mascarpone a cheese
it's pronounced mascarpone mascarpone
cheese no if you don't have this don't
worry use a brick of cream cheese let's
get this in there
[Music]
notice I softened this first now let's
just mix everything this is going back
in the microwave for five minutes
and we go fresh from the microwave a
second time what I have here is spotted
me John or Ruggiano you could use
parmesan but you have to say bata me
John no Reggiano if you don't say it
like that the food comes out very bland
so I've let our fake risotto cool down a
little bit and I have here basil pesto
I'm going to add 1/3 of a cup let's stir
again so just before serving I'll throw
some chopped parsley on top right now
let's get on with the fish I don't know
if there's a worker nut but here I have
almost a pound of a fresh shrimp and
here is our fish and I'm going to cut up
our fish to sort of match the size of
the shrimp I'm cutting our little guys
into thirds more or less I know I said
fresh shrimp well this is fresh
defrosted let's get that in there and
now we're going to add our fish into our
Bowl let's add 3 tablespoons of olive
oil I'm adding a whole tablespoon of
paprika here now a teaspoon of garlic
powder here's about 3/4 of a teaspoon of
salt 3/4 of a teaspoon of onion powder
here's about 3/4 teaspoon of thyme
if you have the time we have the beer
here's about 1/2 teaspoon or so of
oregano in Great Britain they say Oregon
oh here's about 1/2 teaspoon of cayenne
pepper now a good dose of freshly ground
pepper so that's it now I'm just
combining everything I'm nervous
I've got a hot skillet here a really big
one if you don't have a big one like
this you have to do this in batches well
here goes
I'm just gonna coat the bottom with
olive oil well here goes I'm going to
pour the whole bowl in here
[Music]
I'm going to cook these up just two
minutes on each side
Oh better watch my okay it's time
to flip it's been two minutes on side
two time to get them all out
oh the aroma oh I wish you could smell
this oh this is so good I could smell
how good this is I put our seafood in
the oven just to keep it warm you see I
need to tell you why I'm so excited the
famous celebrity restaurant and food
critic miss Lulu cheeks is about to
arrive here for dinner tonight as happy
as I am you should know that all isn't
perfect with our relationship I've been
trying for decades to get her to see the
joys of married life yet she seems to
have a I don't know negative view of
marriage if only I could change her mind
look I know the shrimp is great let me
just take some fish hahaha a chunk of
fish hmm little garlic oh the seasoning
is it's just perfect
it looks spicy but it isn't that spicy
it's just so flavorful I wish I could
describe food better but it's really
flavorful give this a try
mmm now I've got to try some of our
creamy risotto mmm basil little garlic
creamy cheesy delicious follow me John
old Reggiano you can taste everything
this is so good so creamy so good try
this
[Music]
our guest tonight is no stranger to the
food world it's the famous celebrity
restaurant and food critic miss Lulu
Jason thank you so much for honoring me
here with your presence at my abject
abysmal abode and you had a chance to
dine on my blackened fish and shrimp
along with the fake risotto in a creamy
pesto sauce and I'm anxious to know what
you think oh it was both they were both
very good that fish and Leah shrimp you
know I like anything that's blackened
and they were both very nice very well
done and the risotto was excellent it
was rich and creamy and cheesy and of
all of the above that's thank you I like
married yes side and managed very well
miss cheeks don't you agree that
marriages are made in heaven yes but so
are thunder lightning tornadoes and veil
can I have a hug
[Music]
you