hi I'm Dr Tavis Samir of Mir skin
Dermatology in New York City now I bet
you're wondering how you can use ice to
help reduce puffiness under your eye
area I get I get a lot of questions
about that a lot of people wake up with
really puffy eyes and they just want to
know what can I use now you can go out
and you can buy all of these kind of
like gel type refrigerator packs there's
tons of them available
and you know how to use them but what
can you use in your own apartment that
you have right available to you to be
able to kind of reduce that puffiness
now there are two things I like to
recommend to people that are fantastic
readily available and you can get them
right in your apartment number one is if
you have any kind of frozen peas or
frozen vegetables in your freezer right
now you can use that right away put it
in a Ziploc baggie put a small amount in
a baggie place it directly over your
eyes let it rest for about 30 seconds
you can make two baggies and put it on
each eye individually and that really
helps what you need to do is just take a
washcloth or a paper towel such as a
Bounty paper towel fold it two or three
times to make it into like a nice Square
wet it stick a few in the freezer and
pull them out and place them on your
eyes and the reason I like these again
it's moldable it's not like a solid mass
of ice and also as it melts that's
that's when you know it's time to toss
that out and get a new one to put on
your eye so frozen peas and washcloths
or paper towels Frozen are really a
great alternative to icing or moldable
ice packs that you find out there in the
supermarket I hope that this helps and I
hope this gives you good tips on being
able to reduce the puffiness in your
eyes when you wake up in the morning I'm
Dr tabis Samir of Mir skin
[Music]