so I'm on part three of my couch project
and as you can see I've taken the sides
and wrapped them around and tacked them
but now what I need to do is blind tack
a piece over the back of my couch and to
do this I started to tack on see this
this
cardboard and here we have tacks and
this is going to keep actually makes it
easier to tack in your tack in your TS
um because you can poke the tack into
the cardboard and it'll hold it straight
and then put it in and now once I get
this done I'm going to pull this piece
over to the back and you can see how the
TS then make a nice I haven't finished
so it's not sitting but you hide all of
that behind underneath and then I'm
going to wrap it down around on the
bottom underneath my
couch and that's how you hide all of the
ugliness from wrapping around the
couch