here's some things that you'll need to
clean your pool table first you will
need a brush head vacuum cleaner that
you can pick up at any local hardware
store be sure to use one that doesn't
have direct suction you need a damp
cloth use a microfiber cloth and a dry
microfiber cloth as well as a dust brush
you can use a rail brush and as well as
a product called chalk
off
first we'll use the vacuum cleaner to
pick up all the bits and pieces off of
the
fabric now once we're done with the
vacuum then we're going to use the brush
and we're going to brush the little bits
left over into the pocket so I like to
put them in the pocket so that
afterwards I can back came up the floor
and once I'm done brushing that into the
pockets I will use the rail brush and I
will get the little bits and pieces that
might be stuck underneath the rails and
I brush those into the pockets as
well now for the insightly chalk
marks now we're going to use a product
called chalk off to remove the unsightly
chalk marks that are on our pool table
it has a minty fresh smell to it so it's
not going to smell horrible I just spray
it on and then I use the microfiber
cloth that the product comes with and I
just wipe the chalk marks away and as
you can see it takes them off
effortlessly now we're going to use our
damp cloth and we're going to wipe the
rails on the
table clean up the little fingerprints
that were left behind and we're going to
use our dry microfiber cloth to buff and
leave a nice
finish here you have it clean minty
fresh pool
table