hi everyone today's video is going to be
a resin tutorial so this pretty much is
a basic resin tutorial with a sticker
and this is mainly for beginner Crafters
you can use this if you are more skilled
than a beginner but I mainly wanted to
make this for those beginners out there
because I have had a lot of requests to
do a resin tutorial so I wanted to go
ahead and do that for you guys so this
is a basic resin tutorial so I will be
sharing with you the resin that I use
some of the safety equipment that I
prefer I will also be sharing with you
some of the pigments that I use to color
my resin so I really hope that you can
learn something from this resin tutorial
I'm sure I left some things out or there
are some things that I should have put
in here but this is kind of my basic
knowledge of resin and kind of what I
wanted to share with you guys so let's
go ahead and get into the tutorial the
first thing that you will need is
obviously your resin I prefer using
amazing clearcast resin it is just my
favorite brand
and you can buy this on Amazon eBay and
at Hobby Lobby next you will need things
to stir your resin with some little
measuring cups or you could use like a
plastic spoon or even the cap of your
resin to measure out how much you need
and you will need just a plastic cup to
mix your resin in you will need a mold
of your choice I'm just going to be
using this plastic heart mold I highly
suggest looking on eBay and Etsy for
mold just search what you're looking for
and you should find it you will need
your stickers or images remember if your
sticker is paper you want to seal it
with clear packaging tape or any other
sealer that will work best for you and
if you don't want to use a sticker that
is fine you can just use pigments and
glitter to make a very beautiful piece
as well so speaking of glitter and
pigments you will just need any kind of
glitter that you prefer you can also use
Pearl pigments these are called perfect
pearls and they give a really really
pretty effect to resin the last thing
that I do use to color my resin is
acrylic paint now I know a lot of resin
Crafters are very against using acrylic
paint in your resin if you use the
tiniest amount everything should work
out and it should cure hard I've never
had any problems with my resin not
curing because of using acrylic paint
you also need some sort of gloves these
are just gloves that I got from the
dollar store and these work fine you
just want to to cover your hands and
it's also very important to use some
sort of mask I got this mask in the
painting section at Walmart just make
sure to cover your mouth and nose
somehow so you're not directly breathing
in the fumes another thing that I want
to quickly mention is if you get resin
on your skin on your clothes anywhere on
your body make sure to wash it off with
soap and water you really don't want
resin to sit or get on your skin it is a
chemical and it can be very dangerous if
this is is your first time working with
resin make sure to read the little
pamplet that comes in your resin box so
you will know how to work with your
resin properly here are what the bottles
of amazing clear cast look like you get
a side a and a side B with this resin
you also get three measuring cups and
two stir sticks which is very very nice
I'm going to go ahead and put my mask on
so we can go ahead and start working
with our resin so I'm going to be really
sorry if you can't hear me properly also
another thing that I want to mention is
that if you have really long hair please
tie it back you don't want your hair to
get in resin that would be really really
bad so just keep that in mind as well so
now what you want to do is just decide
where you are going to fill your
measuring cups up too I'm just going to
fill them all the way to the top cuz I
have a lot of pieces that I want to make
I'm going to take my side A of my resin
and go ahead and pour that into my
measuring cup
now I'm just going to dump this into my
plastic cup I already have resin on my
hand so that's why I really suggest
wearing
gloves now I'm going to go ahead and
pour in my side be
[Music]
okay so now you want to go ahead and
just mix this until you see no more
swirls so let me give you an example
really fast so see how this is really
cloudy and swirly you want it to be
completely clear
so my resin is almost completely done
being mixed I'm going to let it sit for
10 minutes so all of the bubbles can
rise to the top so let's go ahead and
start with the piece that we're going to
make so like I showed in the beginning
I'm going to be using this heart
mold um so your first layer you want it
to be kind of thin you don't need your
first layer to be thick at all because
you're going to put other things or
other layers um behind your first layer
layer so I'm going to go ahead and pour
a very small
layer to this mold just make sure it
mainly covers the bottom of the mold
completely so there I'm not sure if you
can see but I put a very very small
layer I'll end up probably putting one
more layer behind this for the color so
I'm just going to be using this little
Twin Star Sticker
and I just want to push this to the
front and kind of wiggle it around to
make sure it's very secure on the bottom
of the mold so it doesn't float
around so that's what that looks like
just make sure your sticker is directly
where you want it to be what you want
with your clear layer is you want this
to kind of sit and get tacky so I'm
going to wait about 3 hours before I
come back and that's when I'm going to
add my glitter my ACC pieces and things
like that so I'm going to go ahead and
let this just sit and get tacky and I
will be right back so now my resin has
been sitting for a few hours as you can
see it is tacky so I'm going to go ahead
and add my glitter you can use any kind
of glitter that you like you can even
use sprinkles polymer clay pieces it
really doesn't matter it's up to you
just do what you like and what fits your
piece best
so now I'm just going to go ahead and
let this sit for 12 to 24 hours just
depending on how I feel and then I will
be back it's been 24 hours and my first
layer is completely hardened so I'm
going to go ahead and mix my second
layer and I'm just going to be using
some of these perfect pearls some pink
paint and maybe some pink glitter
[Music]
so it's been 24 hours and I'm going to
go ahead and pop this out of its mold
I'm going to insert an ey pin which I
have a tutorial on how to insert ey pins
into your resin pieces I will link that
video down below and I'm just going to
dome the back back with white resin and
then I will be done with my resin
piece so you just saw a clip of what the
finished resin piece look like and as
you can see it turned out actually
really pretty I'm proud of that resin
piece and you can make your own resin
piece just by following following all
the instructions that I gave you in this
video just always remember to be safe
with resin and if you are a beginner
please read the instructions that comes
with your resin I really highly suggest
doing that before you get started I am
not a professional by any means I just
wanted to share some of the tips and
tricks that I like to use so that's
pretty much it for this tutorial and I
really hope that it helps some of you
out I hope you guys are having a
wonderful day and I will see you all in
my next video bye everyone
a