[Music]
hello I'm Bianca Henry Today's Show food
stylist and I Village
contributor julienne Julianne where th
julienne okay that's a corny joke but
you might have a recipe that calls for
julienne and in that case here's how you
do it you begin by peeling your
vegetable obviously unless it's a
zucchini or cucumber where you want the
green on there and and you slice very
thinly on a sharp diagonal now the
reason for that is a Julien is long very
thin strips and in order to get thin
strips you're going to have to begin
with thin slices so we've got that done
then you take those thin slices stack a
few of them not too many at a time stack
a few of
them hold them
firmly and then go across sa and make
very thin
strips and there you go Julien can be
this is about as thick of a Julien as
you would ever you want it refers to
something very thin in a stick-like
shape now if you're doing bell peppers
there's a little bit of a different
technique for those the reason for that
is when you cut into a bell pepper you
cannot control how thick the meat is
going to be so you have to sort of uh
make it as thick as you want it you're
going to cut off both ends of the bell
pepper cut through just a little bit
like that and then cut along so you're
cutting out the
center removing the
seeds cut a manageable piece and if it's
not as thin as you want it just take
your knife and trim it up a little bit
what you're doing is making the meat as
thin as the Julien strips you
want okay then from that moment you go
here and once again cut very thin little
strips once your bell pepper skin is
thin it's easy going from
there and then you have lovely bell
pepper Julien I hope that helped to
demystify Julien thank you for watching
for more kitchen tips log on to
ivillage.com
[Music]