I brought you something
close
just hi guys it's Alby for House of
Color welcome back to my channel now
before we get into today's video please
do not mind my background I know it's a
little bit chaotic than what I'm used to
and what you guys are used to but um I'm
reorganizing my room and I'm organizing
my life and that there is just not
enough time in the day that everything
is perfect enough so that I can film
everything I don't like to film in these
kind of conditions but like I said we
have to work with what we've got so
anyway in today's video I want to show
you guys how to clean out your candle
jars so that you can reuse them to say
put your makeup brushes in it or you can
reuse it to put flowers or little
knick-knacks anything you like if you
guys are Avid candle lighters like me
um when you're done burning a candle you
kind of want to save the jar I just have
sentimental like attachments to these
candles this dip D candle is a little
bit pricey and you can use it like I
said for makeup brushes you can use it
to hold flowers and it's just a really
great idea I'm going to show you guys
how to clean out the wax get it nice and
um beautiful so you can go ahead and
reuse it again so stay tuned there's
several methods you can use to clean out
your candles I'm going to show you guys
two ways that I do it which I find
pretty simple and quick the first way is
to start with super hot water to melt
down the wax left over in the candle
fill the jar up with hot water and be
careful to not get the label on the
candle wet because you don't want the
label to come off the jar unless you do
of course next grab a spoon and scrape
the remaining wax off the jar this
process should be fairly easy as the wax
has been softened by the hot water
already dispose the wax rinse the jar
with hot water again and remove any
excess wax residue with the kitchen
sponge once the jar is empty of wax wipe
it down with a towel and voila that is
it you now have a beautiful decorative
jar the second method is also very easy
start by boiling some water over the
stove now you don't need it scorching
like me but it's kind of hard to film
yourself and do this at the same time so
once you have the hot water going add
your Candle jar to the pot to melt off
the wax once your wax have melted it
should be in liquid form like so and
then just dump
it now clean the jar out with some
dishwashing soap and a sponge your jar
should be completely spotless afterwards
it's so easy and only takes a couple
minutes you now have a beautiful
container to put anything you want
in to add a little love to my life I put
fresh flowers in my house when I can
sometimes Arrangements can be costly so
what I like to do is buy a small bouquet
at the grocery store and arrange them
myself again this is very simple it
doesn't take too much time and it gives
you a nice happy feeling to see the
beautiful blossoms and if you guys
follow me on Instagram you're probably
familiar with this picture I've posted
about waking up to My Favorite
Things another really awesome use for
these candle jars is to put your makeup
brushes in it's super Chic and looks so
elegant on your vanity or desk thank you
guys so much for watching if you did
this to your kenel jars be sure to hasht
me at houseof color so I can look for a
beautiful work and if you have Instagram
let's hang out there my username is
House of Color be sure to subscribe and
I'll see you guys on the next video
ciao I follow you