dog food any dogs can you hear me okay
this is disgusting but Jason you got to
see that one
I'll start your your attention there's
fish in the trap your mother nowhere who
came out of nowhere to process let's
catch them all with catch them all
fishing with exact ketchup hey guys
what's going on alright so we're going
to do something a little different today
is to make these all this time when I
was a kid okay so we're going to use
today are two reels we're having fish
dressing yes we're going to make a
finding trout with these two reels and
in hole somewhere but kind of squeeze in
our knife here try not to crack the
thing you got to make your hole the way
the fishes or shape so they're not
catfish type fish you know so we want to
make them longer than we do wider okay
guys so now I did the hard part which
was getting these holes in here so what
I did is I took this duct tape just your
common duct tape doctor and I just
wrapped up these holes so yeah after a
massive amount of taping it looks like a
flag I pledge allegiance to the catch a
mole flag and to catch every fish that I
can possibly try to kick I'm trying to
take this up I've done it I have taped
it up
where are our reels by my feet in my
cute little socks that are normally more
colorful here look my hands little fish
little fish swimming in here oh you
hungry oh I get to my feet all right
there over there chewing on the bread
and whatever worms whatever I put in
here right and then I have these on the
bottom right again these are weighing
down the box so these are weighing down
the box and all the little fish are
eating over there I'm going to have line
tied to either side of these and then
when I pull the string it's going to
come just like that and cover the hole
they want to they probably won't swim
towards this because it's all moving
around they're probably swimming towards
the corners real is going to be pulled
on that side this reel the other side so
I finally I've done it it took forever
what I finally done it thank you little
lid guys bomb
then Bob so we have everything in there
we have it attached to our line we sneak
off with our little socks we go really
sneaky we see it okay there's fish in
there right we give it a moment and then
we don't get up guys we joint it up and
on either side the reels are going to be
scaring the fish away from the holes and
the fish should be trapped on the bottom
all actually you know we should make
little holes down there so the water can
escape but anyway aside from that that's
how it works
dog food any dogs who need that for this
week you're going to see what we catch
with this bread and you guys know where
the bread is what we're just Oh
oh no this bread right there that's fine
okay just you and me bro you kidding me
you scared me like honestly I started to
panic thanks buddy leaving the dollar
store yet again guys while joy slam
well Joey slam
no one just man well we do have dog food
that's almost like Joey's lamb yeah is
lizards okay
I love these little iguanas I don't care
how many times I've seen them they're
always so much fun to me guys so this is
not a boat we're going to catch fish
with this I actually don't see many
right now using one hand today soon I'm
going to have a camera woman around 24/7
can't wait for that
get them all stoked out on it anybody
home hello oh yeah there's somebody home
that's what I'm talking about
okay cool so those fish are definitely
still there it's just a little murky
today I don't know what hopefully we
catch something really really cool so we
have some bread in here I'm gonna throw
even more make sure there's a ton of it
on of it okay putting the lid on I'm not
going to use I would normally use a
bungee cord around this so guys if you
want the extra protection for your lid
and hopefully this thing just just
doesn't like float away all these fish
are getting crazy hopefully it doesn't
float away but I'm going to try it
without without the bungee cord first
and we'll see how it goes if I need to
get one at all then I'll get one I'm not
far away from like the city as you can
see I'm like in the middle Kovalenko
city years here from what I know
although they do pop in from time to
time
okay now I'm trying to sink this thing
uh sorry that it looks guys come on I
think ah there we go
water is entering the trap Zink my
friend sink sink deeper sink deeper
third you got to get rid of all the air
look it's thinking God isn't working
okay so we got that's that's pretty good
that's what we want
it's sinking down there it's sinking
down there nicely actually mr. fortune I
honestly thought I was going to have a
little bit more trouble getting it
distinct down there but apparently that
is not the case guys we're doing we're
looking great right now
you take a deep breath he goes for the
shot
that's a terrible that's a terrible
throw but it went near the trap which is
which is okay which is that guys there's
a really really cool fish in there
like a really cool one okay so anyway
I'm leaving the trap down there for a
while I'm going to go ahead and move
away so I don't spook the fish I'm going
to throw a little bit more bread and get
them really really crazy chummed up and
then we're just going to see what
happens on that side it's hard to throw
with my left oh that's money money very
money okay perfect that's exactly where
I wanted to go yes so we're going to go
check out a trap right now I want to
figure out we have something to put
these baits in because I think we can
use these baits to catch some big fish
you know I've used cichlids for snook
tarpon peacock bass largemouth bass
anything you can really name it uh what
to call Jaguar cichlids a catfish and I
saw a five-foot red Tilly of the day
with my man monster Mike so you never
know what bumping guys I was just such
an idiot
I just tripped over the cord all the
fish in the box freaked out so that
might minimize our chances of catching
them alright guys I'm really excited to
see what we have let's go let's go okay
it's working it's definitely working oh
this is wherever than I thought oh my
gosh but it's not breaking it seems to
be holding the fish pretty well oh man
okay
look at all the little fish are still
chewing on okay uh let me grab this
right the handle then no don't fall god
oh okay I'm just going to let it drink
like that because it is draining and I
do have fish in there I see I see you
have some fish okay
I think it's light enough that I can
lift it without breaking it
Aaron let's see we got guys to again
what do we have in here dang ok we did
catch a couple ok these are perfect bait
fish perfect
alright I want to put you in there
hopefully you don't jump out almost
jumped out we have another one it's not
really what I wanted to catch though man
ok these are great bait fish though
these are great oh right
definitely worked well he almost jumped
oh ok we have two baits definitely
worked we're gonna drop a trap down see
what else we can catch get down there
and do your work food good nice undies
hey what's up come on
yes what are you doing up there bro you
riding your bike home catching them all
so say what one more time because you're
kind of far what's your Instagram name
not his nautical Sebastian Donegal stop
sorry girls gotta go say one more time
the fastest nautical okay we got every
guy's a fifth time alright bro yeah I'm
just going to hang around here if you
want to help me out with this video dude
I'll record you and you can do all the
hard work already knows it's for Shamu
buddy but yeah so I have two baits
already I just dropped a trap in right
now that I made with like tubberware you
know I haven't done it since I was a kid
about your age maybe more or less so we
just drop the trap and I have my man
Sebastian now you shall be the main the
main star of the show now so we have the
baits we have the bubbler we have the
Sebastian we have the trap underwater
we're going to sit right now in the
shade well we're like still alive
because look you could see the sweat on
his face you should see the sweat on my
nose we're starting to die bro are you
ready to go go you're ready to go bro
I'm ready to go okay so forget the
spread I know I have to do let me not
step on this core and ruin it stand up
here and then just pull pull this up as
fast as you can bro
but I like violently because the whole
trap might break was just pulled just go
ahead pull you got this he's pulling
we've got this that's all right you got
this bro
yummy okay we're up we're up I think
there's fish in the trap I hope there's
fishing the trap oh do we have it we got
it we have to have some bro
I can't see any crazy dang it oh well
well definitely work for the first two
bits I guess that's what we're going to
have to use for our peacocks what do you
think Sebastian yeah I think it's going
to work too Sebastian's bad luck don't
tell anybody all right so the fish out
smartest after we call it the first two
it seemed like no the fish want to jump
in our trap but we're definitely going
to use a second time I think we're going
to contact monster Mike see if you want
to use that one little weird clear water
spot you feel about that huh
yeah how do you feel about that tough
 but anyway Sebastian W I appreciate
that buddy
come here give me some love but alright
so I'm going to go catch couple peacocks
have two baits I don't know if I can do
it but I'm gonna try alright
wish me luck good good luck this time
but good luck you say it again what's up
buddy I know it's you too my man alright
so we try to catch at least one fish we
have two baits have two baits on you but
they're really happy and really Hardy
and really healthy baits so we do find
something I think Willie you guys see
anything nothing okay
say again
Ketchum all fishing now I know that
guy's weird
no I'm kidding yeah yeah yeah I'm just
kidding yeah yeah what's going on
nice to meet you buddy get your good
name Alex watch Alex
bloody ok Alex Vlad yo they're going
like that what you doing buddy
Omar my guys to meet you mark she's okay
these guys have some hard handshakes but
I'll just looking around see if there's
any peacocks but you guys didn't see
anything huh
your froggen though no big bats there's
some monsters in here God and monster
catfish too but anyway it looks like a
very scattered out for me I'm going to
take one more look around I only have
these two baits that I caught with our
trap guys and we're going to see we can
see nice meeting you guys man the Warner
or guy about the thunder lightning
though because he's down here you might
not know maybe if I splash or something
good can you hear me can you hear me
there's thunder and stuff do their
cylinders of the coconut Apollo it was
nasty
I got a splashing though I gotta love no
spook oh look look now not even with the
splash dude dude there's thunder coming
bro I just do like a massive coconut a
hatch okay um here's another one
Nash okay um okay oh this is disgusting
but save him you got to see that one
I'll try and get your attention
dude there's lightning like crazy yeah
like crazy crazy like right here like
literally I just ran my asses and I was
like you know what let me just warn you
really quick hey no problem buddy
be safe my youtube channel is called
catch them all fishing yeah yeah sweet
man we'll see you later I'm glad you're
safe buddy no problem later okay so we
warned our friend what's your name again
Justin I Street you just to be safe we
warned our friend Justin we're getting
out of here it's like crazy crazy
looking
skies I just saw a bunch of lightning so
he's ok we're all ok let's go home
gotta be done by 3:00 how you doing
buddy hey what's up good how you doing
ok give you the camera loves you keeps
finding you come back to you right does
gonna selfie woo doesn't open later
buddy
you save guys whoo looking good with Mac
you have broke I'm so hot I'm so hot
know how don't know how that somehow all
right it's gotta be see some little P's
oh my god there's a decent one who's
about to slam it oh yeah the key 88000
keep that pressure keeping pressure Oh
came out of nowhere who came out of
nowhere tempered says we have the money
right because of my mouth my team ah ha
through this thing came out of no way
honestly this is a bigger fish than that
look at this it's limp look it's all God
I'm sorry big guy look at its lips yes
but for the measurement guide look at it
slip guys what the heck are you looking
like that
that's cool though nice peacock on the
my team I am sorry your face is like
deformed oh you must be guys his lip
Rick for real he's really aggressive
ruining my hand but look look this
thanks guys the thing is that poor
little guy he's messed up
that's what we sound usually honestly
guys I grab peacocks behind behind their
head more often than not because they
really will hurt you nice and fresh
there's another peacock well that's our
bash let's catch up the second bait and
see what happens
oh no we got stuck guys know it really
deserve a chance of escape I can't
believe it but anyway guys I really hope
you enjoyed this episode
honestly we met a lot of fans and that's
what's most important we had fun out
there today we caught some fish in a
homemade trap I'm telling you that trap
works it you know it did ok but I
honestly think our first one with the
coke-bottle dollar store challenge I'll
put the link to that video below I think
that one is actually a better trapped in
this big
I mean somehow I don't know god but
anyway I'll see you guys later in a
month catch them all fishy YouTube and
you like this song right like and
comment
[Music]