[Music]
this is what you need to use to clean
out a wood pellet litter box you need a
scoop some paper towels which I've cut
in half some Lysol the wood pellets
detergent with a little bleach and of
course you need a Safeway bag or bag to
put the used items in then used litter
in so we take our scoop this is our
litter box and you can see there's some
urine and feces in here what we do is we
typically like that and move it all to
the back then the tape I scoop and shake
shake the litter over the bag and put it
on the back and about in the litter box
on the other side so we'll do that
several times and you'll see as we reach
the urine that turns into sawdust and it
just goes through two grapes on the
scoop where the faces you just poke poke
it up like that very easy and put it in
the bag and here's another one with some
urine and as you see it goes right
through the grapes on the scoop
and we do that for the entire box you
only put about an inch worth in the
bottom of it
we're almost done then what we do is we
tamp it a little bit you see there's a
little bit left on the bottom we spray
this half of the box with detergent with
a little bleach we spray it and then we
use a half of select size paper towel
and wash it down I'll do this twice I've
sprayed my cloth my paper towel and
clean this and then I will spray a tiny
shot of my soul just a tiny shot a white
cell on that side you turn it around and
do the same on the other side sprayed by
my paper towel wipe don't forget to wipe
the edges of the box as well and the
sides and the bottom and we'll do it
twice just because what you can't see
there could be microbes there and there
we go that's clean and here is a tiny
shot of Lysol again
and tonight a clean box you can also add
if you've used a lot you can also
sprinkle a little bit more fresh pellets
in and that's how you clean a wood
pellet litter box
[Music]