the West and number eight heavy-duty
electric meat grinder and sausage
stuffer will have your grinding fresh
crown meat and making homemade sausages
in no time
with its powerful 575 watt motor it can
grind up to 3 pounds of any grade or
type of meat per minute assembly is easy
to attach the grinder head simply remove
the large hopper press the release
button and turn the grinder head
clockwise to attach the head line it up
with the motor assembly press in and
turn the head counter clockwise the
grinder comes complete with three
stainless steel grinding plates for fine
medium or coarse grinding a stainless
steel grinding knife sausage stuffing
funnel and stuffing start and all of the
attachments store neatly in the stopper
to use the grinder cut the meat into
cubes that will fit into the grinding
chute fill a large hopper with the meat
cubes turn on the motor and push the
meat into the grinding chute using the
stopper
with the three grinding plates you can
grind meat into fine medium or coarse
consistency
to make homemade sausage first grind and
season your meat remove the grinder
plate a knife insert the sauce stuffing
star and connect the sausage stuffing
funnel
put the seasoned ground meat into the
hopper slip the casing onto the stuffing
funnel and push the meat into the chute
when the casing fills to your desired
length simply twist and continue filling
the case
the Wesson heavy-duty electric meat
grinder and sausage stuffer the most
first of all grinder available