Wednesday quickie okay it's going to be
a review of the stuff that I got in in
my whole shopping haul bang salmon cake
mix from theater in everything comes out
around is this a good company from
Louisiana all right so it says beat one
egg tree macness and then 2/3 cup of
mayonnaise 2/3 of a cup I use Hellmann's
real mayonnaise base goes wandering and
then it says to put the Box of this mix
in there mix well add 1 can oh let's put
the egg mayonnaise cake my story I said
forget kitchen stuff so that's why I'm
like in a little slower so this is a 5.7
site Walters it looks like smells good
put the other one
look at although like red pepper flakes
and stuff in there pretty so I got a can
of salmon that I drained and took help
the bones I think I hope we'll see and
we taste the cake that's this right
there it says take the skins in the
bones offer that's right all right I
need to make this up mix that up and it
has to chill for 30 minutes so that's
what I'm going to do all right so we'll
be back okay I reread the instructions
and it's just to make the patties first
and then put in the fridge so I got
myself like a ladle soup here if I had a
big ice cream scoop right I use that but
I don't have the light a little ones to
normal one so just to make them all even
I'm going to use the spoon then shape
them into patties it says it makes seven
patties I'm not going to make you know
big Patty's so okay so let me finish
this I'll put them in the fridge if
stuff smells so good and then we'll go
from that look at it I made exactly
seven when it's a little bit bigger
those the restless but staying that's
when works out great
alright says to heat a tablespoon of oil
in a large skillet on medium heat add
four cakes and fry for minutes per side
until golden brown and cook through
internal tip 165 repeat with Maree I'm
not repeating
I'm not turning I'm putting it all in
there so the oil d'Azur is saying stir
fry oil it's for high temps it's got
garlic it's got herbs it's got seasoning
so probably a good tablespoon oil there
we'll start with the big one it smells
so good I can enjoy yeah I mean I can
tell you I smell but it's just delicious
that can see them all in there for in a
pan no not happening okay
the top so I'm going to spray with you
or the olive oil I'm going to get myself
a mister sometimes mister that works but
I've been researching you know like the
mist oh that's a piece of crap Evo
there's a couple amount there but I've
been researching I'm waiting for the
right one and I'm gonna start putting
olive oil in there and some of the same
oil I'm get to it was all just trying to
find the right one anyway that's enough
talk let's put the bottom on the top one
I'm going to do a three I don't want
them to dry out so it's really good
alright let's check it drive about six
seven minutes get my thermometer here
just on my car have to stick stick us
one 130 so yeah 130 so we got a little
bit to go I'm going to bump it to a
fourth go five minutes now hold the kill
for okay let's check in again oh yeah
see I was only like three minutes oh oh
yeah she's way cooked so everything else
I'm going to plate it and taste it
alright time to taste looks almost like
the BOC smells good she looks like so
probably cool total cook time was like I
say 12 minutes but I I think I
overcooked it by just a smudge but it
stings and since it was parsley just I'm
at the party
okay so here goes where you at Wow hmm
that's delicious hmm you know what I do
crab cakes with this stuff not crazy
about salmon but that's good and that's
really good so I'm gonna give this a 5
out of a 5 this is delicious I think I'd
be like a buck 50 for this you guys
that's worth it all right thanks for
shopping
[Music]