so this is one of the most comprehensive
artificial insemination kits so this is
the delivery tube itself and it's
incredibly versatile so you can really
sort of find your way in one of the most
amazing parts of this is that if you see
this point here we have we can put air
in so if you watch and see that
expanding can you see that so that's
pretty amazing so that actually you know
the bulb those of you that have done
waiting weather dog actually ties what
we're trying to do after we've inserted
the rod into the female we're now pump
some air in to mimic that that that lock
then we connect the syringe here and
then we pump the semen through this by
far is just an unbelievable bit of kit
it's not just about [ __ ] that are
very difficult to to mate
sometimes it's about frozen semen and
then sometimes it's about you know when
a stud doc maybe uuuuu mated that stud
dog a little bit too often or it's young
and it just doesn't know what to do and
you know you've got a window of
opportunity of 24-48 hours this is when
it comes in of course natural mating is
is the best there's no doubt about it
but yeah next to that this is this is
just unbelievable really happy with it
so yeah you can get this on the pooch
DVD channel always bringing you the best
well to talk to you about this up to
Lube perfect you know of course you know
you can use KY jelly and stuff but up to
you it was really good so this is hot
coated you don't want to have it as a
negative experience of a [ __ ]
you know she's got to be happy with
what's going on and the lubrication
makes it a lot a lot easier for her to
receive this so yeah very very good very
well thought out so I'm these are the
sheaths that will be provided with the
insemination kit so what you're doing
though is just collecting the semen now
you've got to be very careful you know
how you do this you don't want to create
a negative experience you know will hurt
the dog so the [ __ ] is there and you
know one of the big factors is that you
know the weight of kamale is outrageous
you know for her and she's having none
of it
you know she's a really feisty [ __ ] and
yeah you can't you can tie the [ __ ]
down and I think he's just the
physicalities is just unnecessary so
she's there and we are we're ready we've
got everything set up ready to be to
inseminate her now how long would you
hold this for you would um you will hold
this I mean you know a tie goes on for
you know 30 minutes and if you can see
there's an indicator can you see that
that's an indicator that semen is still
he's still ejaculated so you've got pre
calm and you've got semen you want all
of that because obviously when you load
it into the syringe you want to be able
to get enough liquid to pass right
through the catheter there's going to be
inserted in her
so yeah there we go you can see the
length of the penis you can see can you
see when we talked about the the
swelling from the end of our catheter
here and can you see the bulb that I'm
talking about here so so we're filling
up nicely the more the merrier so you
can see gently
I'll also tug just very gently as I do
that it's almost that he's responding to
that so what we've done is used the loop
and we've looped the whole end catheter
so what we're gonna then do is
inseminate in ceremony to insert this
before we put the semen into the into
the [ __ ] is really quite you know don't
you get over technical of this it's
really quite quite simple if you follow
these simple procedures here is a
syringe that's already drawn and then
when I put the the catheter in I'm going
to inflate it I'm gonna put so where are
we I want to put about 20 about maybe 20
21 ml of air for a [ __ ] this size
so what I'd advise you to do is give the
semen a good old shake the catheter has
been inserted so when I'm gonna draw so
you want to mix up all the seminal fluid
with the semen itself so we have enough
liquid basically to be flushed through
so there we go
you can also do the same just gently to
mix up in the syringe as well you can
see she's not under any duress stress I
need us and we just gently just gently
insert good girl praise her good girl
praise her good girl just gently
just gently gently just gently gently
just gently just don't we so there we go
and we have some more here we put that
in everything's gentle don't alarm her
at all
you know we've pumped the air in here
so all that semen is going straight into
her so just keep her calm and praise her
good girl so we draw the final part you
make sure that this all the air is taken
out right up to the top there and then
we're going to reinsert that and we're
going to put the final part of the semen
you can see that the bulb is working the
air can you see how swollen it's almost
like she's got a tie
she's find herself there isn't a problem
so again we've got the last part of the
seminal fluid you can see all the
connections are there and watch how the
ml's go down so gently there's no air
and that is pushing everything inside
her good girl
it's exceptionally good the process you
know so you can see good girl that it's
almost like she's got a tie because
we've been plated it which is the unique
difference with this system good girl
good girl good girl
oh don't let them move too much good
girl so I'm gonna go for a 15-minute tie
we're about 10 minutes in and what
you're going to do is you're going to
reconnect this to this and suck out the
rest of the area so you know how many ml
you put in I put actually two of these
syringes in so I'm going to draw out two
before pulling don't just pull out the
this catheter and just praise a good
girl good girl good girl
so you're a very very successful
artificial insemination very successful
the right products the right jelly and
you'll get all of this on the pooch DVD
website cook care cook Carol stud dogs
tied over in the corner there it's
superb