what's up you two it's been a while and
we're back and we figured we would do
something cool for you guys you ever
wanted to make your own salt cured
salmon for awesome snacks or healthy
meals or just an awesome breakfast we're
going to show you how I do it all right
so we have here some awesome sockeye
salmon then I have some Himalayan pink
salt and this is very coarse salt as you
can see it's like little pellets the
other thing you're gonna need is some
sugar I use like a natural cane sugar so
it's like unbleached it's got the brown
and s in it still and then a little bit
I'm using so this is a twelve twelve
year old age scotch you can use whiskey
you can use a little bit of tequila you
can use vodka anything thought wise you
don't need this a lot of salt you just
need to be able to cover the bottom of
the container that you're using it for
and you need about 1/8 to 1/4 equivalent
of salt and sugar just to give it a
little flavor i coat the bottom of the
container with this beautiful salt and
then what I do is sprinkle just a little
bit of sugar on there
and then I lay the salmon face up like
this then I'm gonna sprinkle a little
bit of chives on there
and then we're gonna cover the rest of
it with salt but just FYI don't freak
out you're not going to eat all this
salt yeah it will come off you're gonna
wash it yes and the reason we're using a
lot of salt is to draw out the moisture
and cure it so that's not gonna
basically make this delicious threw it
up in that container and it goes in the
fridge or I would say 24 hours what
happened to whiskey or tequila don't
forget to add the moisture to keep the
most important ingredient so I add it
still goes to the bottom and just a
couple of splashes on top there you go
salmon and water is coming out of it
we're basically drawing the fish out so
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna drain it
and now that it's drained there's no
more liquid it's gonna go back into the
fridge for another 12 hours and if you
look at the salmon now it's stiff it's
good
there's no flex in it so the first thing
that I'm going to do and then the next
thing cold water
and all of that salt off
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
seven you could use for a anything you
would like like this guilt-free salad
throw the salad we only have romaine
lettuce yellow pepper and some red
jalapenos go and then on top of that all
we have to do is just nicely top it off
with some campers
from a Roth away to assault cured fillet
to an awesome and guilt-free salad just
like that
I'll see you guys
[Music]