hey guys so in today's video I'm going
to do something a little bit different
but it's been asked a couple of times
I've been asked how I clean my Bath and
Body Works candle jars uh so I can use
them for little home
decor containers I've been showing you
guys on Instagram and here on YouTube
how I use these but I've never shown you
guys how I actually clean them out and
I'm always getting asked how do I do it
uh and I didn't watch any tutorials I
just kind of did what felt right so I'll
just show you guys what I do and
hopefully that will help you out I'm
going to show you guys step by step how
I do it and I hope you guys find this
video helpful don't forget to like And
subscribe and I will see you guys soon
hey guys so today I'm going to show you
guys how I clean my bath and body works
three wig candle jars um to make them
pretty and have them store some of my
Q-tips and Beauty blenders and whatnot
the first thing we're going to need is
obviously a candle that is no longer
good and uh we need some gon a empty jar
like a spaghetti jar and we need some
paper
towels we're going to do is light up our
candle we want to make sure that our wax
is somewhat melted uh you can tell that
the candle is no longer good when it
starts changing color and yeah you're
you should toss them at that point so
what I'm going to do is now my candle
has melted somewhat it's not all the way
melted but it's it's okay because we
want it soft at least so I'm going to
dump all the hot wax into this glass and
just dump it all in there and I keep
this jar and I keep dumping empty waxes
as I go now with a paper towel I'm just
going to stick my hand in there don't
worry it's not super hot and the wax is
soft and I'm just going to start um
moving the wax around so I'm able to um
move it and clean like a scoop of wax
out just like this
now what I'm going to do here is take
out all the wigs so they because it is
soft I'm pulling them out sometimes it
is hard to take these off and they stay
there for a while so but we I'll show
you what you can do so right here what
I'm doing is taking them off and just
pulling them out and I'm cleaning around
yeah it's a little messy but it's okay
you guys no worries so we're just going
to clean all around with paper towel for
right
now once we make sure that our jar you
know we have most of the wax off we're
going to try to get rid of the label
this can be hard if you just try to take
it off by itself but we're going to grab
some googan and dump some on top and
just pretty much let it sit there for a
while so it soaks in the googan and what
you're going to see is that you're going
to be able to pick it up and basically
peel off the lid it should come right
off and you'll see some excess glue
which is okay okay because we're going
to be able to wash that off pretty fast
so right now right there I'm just
spreading more goog on why I take the
actual gelato label off and excuse my
nails you guys I forgot that I was
filming this video and then I realized
my nail polish was horrible but you know
I was doing cleaning so it doesn't
matter so now what I'm going to do you
can tell that the glue is coming off I'm
going to go and wash it off and this
should come off so easy it should not be
any work whatsoever ever and what I
started to notice I don't know if you
could tell right there is where the wigs
were there's excess glue left over or if
you had the wig still stuck to it all
you have to do is pretty much put hot
water in it you guys so I'm getting the
hottest water and I'm just going to dump
some in there and just let us sit for a
couple of minutes and that should do the
trick now you can see I'm going to start
just pretty much pulling off the glue it
should be coming off so easily because
we let it sit there in the hot water and
like I said if you had the wick stuck
this is the same technique that you
would use so once that's done we're
going to wash it all off so the wax is
going to come off any glue that was left
over should come off and we're pretty
much going to wash it and then dry
it and that is it you guys at the end
you should have these amazing jars you
can find the pretty lid and make sure
that you use them for decor and recycle
if you have any questions let me know
don't forget to like And subscribe