hi welcome to how to repair this video
is on washing machines that start and
then stop either mid cycle or at the
beginning of the program when you press
the start button the lights may go out
or it may be going through the actual
program and then it cuts out now this
can be a fault with a door lock you can
see all about this in our other videos
or it may be a problem with the actual
printed circuit board now we're going to
show you how to take this printed
circuit board out inspect for connection
faults which is one problem you may also
have a dry joint on a circuit board that
could be the other problem or thirdly
you may have a component failure it is
possible that either resistors have gone
uh capacitors are a common fault on
these circuit boards and there are some
other chips that we'll show you in the
video which may have
failed I'll just simulate the fault for
you here uh we turn the machine on the
dial takes couple of seconds to come on
and we'll change it to display a 30
minute
wash now we'll shut the
door Press Start you will hear the
machine actually start pumping out but
when it comes to turn the motor the
actual loading on the circuit board is
kicking
out as you can see here in a
second and the display actually goes off
now if I turn the on off uh off and then
put it back on it will light up again uh
but it keeps cutting out now this is a
good sign that it's a possible fault
with the circuit board so before doing
any work on the machine always unplug
the appliance from the electricity
Supply as I said earlier there could be
a fault with the door lock it's worth
checking first uh also there's a
suppressor usually at the back of the
machine uh sometimes this can be damaged
but predominantly it's the circuit board
fault now there are many chips that can
actually go wrong on a circuit board uh
you've got capacitors resistors
transistors you've also got some relays
on the board triacs and some other chips
which go wrong but before disconnecting
the electrics it's always worth taking a
photograph of where all plugs go
although on most circuit boards they can
only go in one position but it's worth
taking a picture to make sure you do it
right and don't wire it up wrongly
after now the circuit boards can either
be mounted behind the facial panel and
on this model it's on the side of the
machine it does vary from manufacturer
to
manufacturer but we've got the circuit
board out and the first thing I spot on
the circuit board here is one of the
capacitors is bulging if you compare
that to this one
you can actually see that the capacitor
is got a domed head on it this is a good
sign that the capacitor has gone there
are many chips that can actually go on
the circuit board dodes resistors
transistors it's worth checking all the
small capacitors on the board you will
normally get visual signs that they're
gone you may have to use a magnifying
glass we can physically see that the
capacitor on this one is gone this is a
link switch which is very common to go
you have to look closely around with
magnifying glass and these are the
switch relays that control things like
the heater at the top of the board here
you can see some other resistors and
dodes it's worth going around visually
inspecting all these but once you've
done that you really have to uh take the
board apart and sometimes you will need
to
desolder uh chips to actually test
them we test them with a capacitance
resistance meter which I'll show you in
a second these can be bought quite
cheaply I put some links on the website
uh to the Pacific testing tools you need
we're using a desoldering station here
I'll also put a link onto that as well
uh on the web page you can find the link
above but you need to desolder the Capac
capacitor first now we can physically
see that it's got a domed head the new
one is exactly the same uh microf faren
and voltage but it is slightly smaller
technology has moved along and things
get
smaller now with the tester we connect
up the good one and as you can see we've
got
1,2 and this capacitor anyway had I
think it's 5% uh tolerance rating so
that within the parameters but we'll
just test the old one
here and as you can see in a second
we've only got half its power showing
we've got
506 uh microf faren showing so that
capacitor is definitely down and when
you're fitting a new capacitor on the
circuit board you should see a plus and
a minus the minus is normally showing on
the side of the
capacitor the longer leg egg on the
capacitor as well is normally the
positive and just fit it into the board
turn it
over and now you need to solder it
on with these test meters for checking
uh dodes resistors and
capacitors um they're very useful for
checking all the chips on the circuit
board to make sure that they're correct
readings sometimes you will need to
desolder the old chips uh to take take
them off to test them because you won't
be able to test them in line but the
effort is worth it when you consider how
much a new circuit board will cost you
and you've you stand a good chance of
being able to repair the board
yourself and the desoldering Machine is
absolutely brilliant for uh getting the
chips off the uh circuit board
themselves although you can use
desoldering wire um these desolder
stations aren't that expensive and as I
said I'm just replacing these two
capacitors as well while I'm doing the
job um just out of caution more than
anything uh they can go uh
so I've seen a lot of these different
capacitors fail over the years and it's
well worth you know for the few pound it
costs to uh change
them now at the website you will find
lots of videos on checking things like
relay switches
uh also dodes resistors and also every
other type of washing machine repair so
if this is not your fault there are
hundreds of videos on the website to
guide you in the right direction for
finding the fault on your
Appliance when reconnecting the circuit
board it's well worth going back to the
photograph you took at the beginning to
make sure that you double check all your
plugs are put in the correct Place make
sure all the connections are good
and there we go we'll have this fitted
in a
second now that we've put the machine
back together we'll just try the machine
same again on the 30 minute cycle Press
Start still takes a couple of seconds
for the LED to come on we've got it set
to the 30 minutes we'll just press
start the door lock should engage you'll
hear a slight
click that was the click on the door
lock the machine's now
in and in a few seconds or so we should
have some motor action and this is where
it was kicking out before and the
display was going
dead so we'll just wait for the machine
to fill with
water and there you go the machine now
is turning so for the cost of a few
pound in components and the effort it
actually takes to strip the board down
and have a look it's well worth having a
go especially when you consider
manufacturers are charging in excess
of100 for a circuit board so it's well
worth going to the effort uh if you
found this video helpful please remember
you can always support the website uh by
buying us a beer and remember to visit
the website for all your parts and all
the tools that we used in this video uh
I've put on the page above which you can
click on and there's a list of the full
tools that we use to actually diagnose
The Faults and replace repl the
components thanks very much indeed for
watching Remember at the website we have
videos on washing machine repairs tumble
dryers dishwashers ovens cookers Hobs
extractors and we have some new solar
energy videos coming out in the series
as well I hope you found this helpful
and again thanks for watching
[Music]