[Music]
as a parent I consider myself a master
when it comes to making such things as U
macaroni and cheese peanut butter and
jelly grilled cheese so let's walk over
here and let's check it out you're going
to need some bread shout out to chilata
Missouri the home of sliced bread if you
didn't know we're going to go with
regular white bread and then it comes to
cheese and when you've been in the game
as long as me you know I'm all about
that cheddar but we're going to use
American cheese today because that's the
classic style and you need butter
because Butter's good a spatula and a
pan and you're going to want your stove
top to be on medium to medium high heat
we're going to take a pat of butter
we're going to move that around butter
looks good now you could use margarine
if you'd like because like barbar stri s
it's like butter we're going to take our
sandwich and it's time for a surprise
ingredient surprise
ingredient I always wondered why my
wife's Grill cheese tastes so much
better than anybody else's and it's
because she told me she put love into it
turns out she's a liar and love is
actually garlic salt so you're going to
take a pinch of this garlic salt and put
it on the top of your sandwich we're
going to go ahead and put our sandwich
on here and we're going to let that baby
cook for a little bit all right we're
going to check on this this side of the
sandwich oh it's looking good so we're
going to hold that up and while we're
doing that we're going to put one more
Pat of butter on there this is the side
with the garlic salt if you remember and
now now it's going to cook on this side
and you're going to watch this very
closely this should all take about 3 to
5 minutes so we're going to oops I
dropped it now it's slippery now we're
going to flip it oh look at it and now
we're going to let that side cook so
we've browned the other side looking
good we're going to flip that over that
looks delicious we're going to cut our
sandwich our grilled cheese sandwich
diagonally now if you're some type of
monster and don't care about your loved
ones cut it the other way but if you're
a normal human being we cut a grilled
cheese sandwich diagonally and we have
made a delicious grilled cheese sandwich
and if your kids are anything like mine
they're not hungry anymore and they want
something different and this girl cheese
sandwich is all yours hey thanks for
watching the rookie cook be sure to
subscribe to our videos you can hit the
Subscribe button you can like our videos
you can comment below and tell us
something you'd like to see us cook
thanks for watching