mom she taught you how to swim gave you
your snazzy style helped you with your
homework and made sure you had medicine
when you were sick so don't you think
this Mother's Day she deserves some
flowers that will last longer than a
week well I'm going to show you how to
make your mom a dozen roses that will
last for years not days to start you'll
need some clay which you can pick up at
any craft store near you I've got the
one that stays soft until baked so that
if you make a mistake or you want to
remake it you can you'll also need a
cutting board some plastic wrap I prefer
glad wrap because it sticks to the
cutting board better a round cookie
cutter which you can also pick up at any
craft store a dowel plastic or metal
some paper clips a baking tray and some
aluminum foil first you're going to have
to cover the cutting board with some
plastic wrap you don't see your cutting
just fix it nice and flat onto the
cutting board make sure you push all the
air out and get a nice seal then you
take some your clay and you unmold it
like this and take your dowel and you're
going to push out the clay so you can
get it down to about a centum you're
going to take each petal and you're
going to press down on the corners to
make them like paper thin this will be
easier to form your petals and will make
it look more realistic and then once you
flattened it you're going to curl this
so it makes a nice swirl like that and
you're going to pinch the ends and pull
off the excess clay
and you're going to keep doing that with
the other petals and once you start the
next petal try to find the thinnest part
of your petal because you're going to
remove the excess anyway and start right
where the last one like a little after
the last one ended you're going to curl
it pinch it and you're going to fold
down these petals I'm going to keep
going until you have the size of the
rose that you like pinch and as you're
pinching try to make a little bud form
it makes it look more realistic it's
really helpful to use the soft clay
because they're easier to mold just push
it down see it's already looking like a
rose already soon your Mother's Day
present will be done wouldn't mom like
that especially if she's allergic to
flowers
and that looks nice and thick enough
already
then you're going to take your baking
sheet and your aluminum foil fold it
over and for baking you're going to
follow the instructions on the back of
your clay each clay is different
different temperatures and times and
you're just going to lay your flowers on
here you're going to come pre see
preheat your oven you know beforehand so
it's nice and hot right now when you
just put it off the top right right
you're going to let it sit in there for
the amount of time that your packaging
tells you to and once you're done
obviously you're going to take your nice
oven mix this is going to be very hot
you're going to take it out don't let
them sit for too long because they'll
hardened you just finished baking them
so take your paper clips and unravel it
and you're going to want to work fast
with this because these are going to
start to harden you're just going to
push it right into the back it will look
something like this now you know how to
make nice clay beautiful little flowers
that your mom will love and you can make
a little bouquet like this or you can
make it in a little Vaz I use the Dixie
cup I turned it upside down and I just
stuck them all on the bottom and well
happy Mother's Day