there is a centuries-old gardening
technique in Japan
it's called
seeking kudzu this is a stone sink for
washing hands the overflowing water
reaches the ground underneath a soft
sound is heard this is the sound of
sleeking kudzu how is the serene sound
produced here a new freakin kudzu is
being set up
Tsukiko zoo is actually a job it is this
jar there it upside down underground
that produces the complex sound
but you need something else to make an
ordinary jar asou king cotton it is
water that drips through a hole in the
jar
this is how the sound is made water from
the stone sink drips through the hole in
the jar
each droplet hits the surface of the
small pool of water the impact echoes in
the jar producing the unique sound a
bamboo tube enhances the joy of
listening to seeking kudzu the intervals
and reverberation represent tranquil
Japanese beauty Yoga for a second arrow
asorio Mishimoto day honky owed a hero
Mawson ginga no Costa Tsui was a nuestro
Serato Eugenia Watteau a new seeking
cutter is completed a gardener in the
edo era came upon the idea for seeking
kudzu it is the Japanese way of
respecting nature seeking kudzu can be
found on many temples and tea houses
there is a much simpler way to enjoy the
seeking good sound
hikaru Tamara a gardener invented this
method first a basin is filled with
water then a jar is placed upside down
over the basin and you have to see
kinkajou
dropping water produces nothing but the
sound of seeking kudzu mr. Tamura holds
concerts using this portable speaking
soon
this is one of mr. Tamara's concerts
with no score to follow all the seeking
could sound their reverberation and the
silence in between are randomly created
warmly reminds listeners of a stream and
fresh breezes Umaga not team Makani
goons Anissa no se que no se que algunas
cosas no Coons and Sangha Kazooie
Nyoka imitate a momma Dean no no - nay
nay on indefinite curtains inside a
cking kudzu each water drop produces a
quiet and unique sound it is a true
reflection of how the Japanese enjoy
nature in every aspect of their daily
lives
you