hi this is Nancy from Boni like Ben
Franklin today we're gonna do a
geometry's you've seen them everywhere
they're fabulous they're easy to make
we're gonna take a roll of Geo mess this
is 21 inches wide and 10 yards long it's
gonna take one roll and a 16 inch wreath
form and you're going to use some
chenille stems that i've cut in half a
geometry's is just a series of loops
that are tied along the outside of and
the inside of the wreath what you want
to do is you just want to grab a loop
probably a big put your chenille stem on
it on the outside ring of your wreath
form and then just lay this on and twist
it like you would a bread tie easy peasy
and then you're gonna come back and the
next one you're gonna go on the inside
of your wreath form that's gonna give it
some nice dimension and so it won't just
be all around the outside it'll be both
ways
so put I put my chenille stem there
first
and then I'm just gonna grab a poof of
Geo mish of course it fell it out and
then I'm gonna put it down and twist it
now don't worry if it doesn't look
perfect when you're doing it the first
part because you're gonna play with it
after it's done and it will look
fabulous and it'll poof right up like
this okay so then we're gonna go on the
outside again it's going to be a series
of outside inside outside inside I just
let it go
and we're gonna take a
poof and attach to the outside again
hold it down and twist like a bread tie
and then you just want to keep going
outside inside outside inside until
you've covered your whole wreath form so
here I am most the way through and you
know if you feel like you've got some
empty spots or oh my gosh
now remember you're gonna be your own
worst critic you're gonna say oh it's
horrible it's ugly and it's really not
you just have to wait until the end and
then play with it and you'll find that
it's it's really gonna turn out
beautiful just have faith and it gets
curly at the end from the tube that's
okay that's okay and if you really hate
it after you've played with it for a
while it's not like it's permanent you
could always pull it off and start all
over again okay by the way as I get done
I find that I have a little bit of a gap
in my wreath no big deal I can always
come over here and pull it back out
where I started it and readjust things
along the way okay so I've got all my
loops on and you know maybe there's some
spots where it's thicker or maybe
there's some bare spots you know it's
okay the more you play with it the
better it'll look don't be gentle tell
it where you want it to go and I call
this flu f---ing it I know that's
probably not a word but that's what I
use and you're just fluffing it up to
make it look fabulous and just play with
it until it feels right to you
okay now comes the really fun part we're
gonna embellish this wreath yeah it's
beautiful by itself but it's even funner
when you embellish it this one's purple
it happens to be Halloween time here now
but you can do any season
so if you have some kind of naked spots
you can always take a beautiful ribbon
and tuck it in like this and if you want
you can go back with your chenille and
tie it down to the base just like you
did with the Geo mess you could make a
nice big bow to hang off of it you could
add your ribbon and then start
embellishing it some more with other
items as well add a cute mask again just
tie it down in an in an unknown obvious
place with the chenille and it'll stay
there you could add jewelry look at this
look at that cute little jeweled spider
add a spiderweb how cute would that be
now what if it's not Halloween time so
or what if you have this wreath and you
want to use it again for another season
it comes spring then you take some
inexpensive floral picks that you get at
your Ben Franklin and you tuck those in
just around there and then you might put
another bow on there or you might just
leave them looks cute holiday time comes
around use some beautiful greenery
there's wonderful artificial picks
ornaments lots of little things that you
can do to make your wreaths look
stunning you can take it when you're
done and put a garbage bag over the top
and hang it in your garage and then you
can pull it out every year here's my
finished wreath with spider
and spiderwebs beautiful easy and fun
yes you can do this I'd like to show you
some other reefs to give you ideas and
spark your creativity go Cougs WSU use
two different colors of geomet it's easy
it's fun you can do this
here's another wreath beautiful done by
Cheryl in our floral department you can
hang it with the the floral at the top
on the side on the bottom you get to
decide how you like it to show but this
is a great wreath to show different
colors you don't have to use your
traditional green and red at
Christmastime use this lovely green and
gold along with these burgundy flowers
it's stunning here's a wonderful fall
wreath this one actually was attached to
a grapevine wreath with wire instead of
the chenille stems and they've even been
clever enough to conceal some cute
little candy cane lights inside it so
they can plug it in and it'll light up
and really shout the season and finally
don't forget the kids because how cute
is this wreath with the little eyeballs
on it get them involved they have great
ideas and they can help you make these
it's a blast
I'm Nancy at Bonney Lake Ben Franklin
and this was how to make a geometry's