hey guys thanks for joining me today
welcome to my channel my name is simple
Pierce Steph on YouTube and Instagram I
just wanted to do a quick update today
and show you guys how my propagation
baby is are coming along I've done a
couple of propagation videos there are
links for them in the comments below and
I will put some notes up here as well
but I've done some propagation videos
about my prayer plants with my filly fig
and then also with a an elevated as
succulent that I had and so just wanted
to give you guys an update on how things
are going because it's actually kind of
been interesting for me to see and is
changing a little bit of how I'm going
to do things onward so I have three
plants that I'm going to be going over
today I'm gonna be starting today with
my prayer plants also known as a Marin
supplants and my cat has kind of had his
way with this plant a few times actually
just again a few minutes ago because I
left the room for a second and he takes
every opportunity to munch on my plants
I took three different cuttings off of
my prayer plants here they are as you
may remember if you saw the propagation
video for that plants I did put two of
the little babies in soil and only had
one of them in water and that one really
just did a number of that dang it but I
didn't realized he ate that much of it
dang it
so this has actually propagated pretty
quickly in water and it did so much
better in water that I actually took the
plants that were in soil out of the soil
and put them in water after I kind of
cleaned them off a bit and they're
actually already starting to to grow
roots where they really weren't before
so I would say that this has been in for
maybe two weeks I think the other ones
are already starting to sprout some
roots so
as long as I can keep it away from my
cat who keeps get this plants a fair
chance
but anyway it's exciting that I will not
have three little babies of my prayer
plant that has propagated very well so
the second propagation video that I
think I did was my succulent that has
actually also done surprisingly well in
water so I'm gonna say that is turning
out to be like a pretty darn good
propagation method as opposed to getting
roots in dirt so here are just three
pick those up the wrong way so here are
three of my little babies from my
succulent propagation and they've got
nice roots and nice little plants
growing east have been in for I don't
know I think probably two to three weeks
also doing really well again doing
better than the ones that I was
propagating on soil and I've actually
moved all of the ones that were on soil
and still live into water and not only
are the ones propagating it in water
propagating faster with roots and with
plants but they also seem to be
propagating a little bit stronger the
ones that I had on the soil are kind of
like fellow parts some of them when I
touched them in the ones and water seem
to be growing a lot more sturdy so I
don't know I've already planted two of
my little babies from the water and soil
and they're growing fine so I'm gonna
start probably moving some of these into
soil fairly student so also exciting I
feel like I have had some success with
this publication thing which is very
cool so the last plant that I have to go
over today is my feta leafy yay which I
just did a video on the propagation of
that and those have been in the water
for I would say maybe a week I know what
that may not be true actually I think I
filmed that video
and I just didn't have time to edit it
so maybe like two to three weeks just
trying to be honest you guys know what
to expect if you're trying to do this
but if you saw the video then you will
remember this if you didn't I will show
and explain these were two little babies
that were growing kind of alongside my
fiddly fig and I couldn't get them to
just come out by pulling so I ended up
just cutting them off right at the base
and they have both done very well
growing new little roots very nice and
then I also cut off to the biggest
leaves that were on these little babies
because I wanted to try and just see if
I could propagate them too because why
not
and it's working which is also really
cool but this one has finally started
growing some roots you can see and
remember if you saw the video I talked
about how I left I left the little node
from the stem at the base of the leaf
and I wasn't really sure if I needed to
do that or not and I'm still I mean I
don't know if you absolutely have to but
that is where the root is growing so be
not vital but the root does grow out
there and my fiddly fig is actually
doing really well it sprouted when you
leave the other day that's growing
really quickly then it popped out a new
leaf like yesterday or the day before
which is already growing and it looks
like there's another one on the way yes
and then my rubber plant has a nice
little baby coming but you will see all
the update video who's that I don't know
so that's all I've got for today thanks
a bunch for watching guys if you have
any questions or anything to say about
mini mists please leave it in the
comments below as always you can follow
me on instagram at simple care staff or
check out my website and my blog on
simple care products calm I've also got
some really awesome skin and hair care
products that I make I just came out
with a really awesome
rosemary hair and scalp toner that I'm
going to talk about pretty soon it's got
tea tree oil and time and cedarwood so
it's really good for hair health and
helping her hair grow faster and
stronger and a good healthy scalp and
can help fight dandruff just even like
oh maybe you put it in gray hair and
like I don't want to like state a bunch
of claims because I hate promising plain
mean things but those are all of the
things that those ingredients have been
shown to do so that's it
so check out my website simple care
products calm if you want to check any
of that out and yeah let me know what
you think about this update I mean I
don't know I've always kind of stuck
plants in dirt and propagated things
that way I don't know but um I'm
definitely gonna be going the water out
from now on because this is working much
better much faster and pretty much
everything seems to be growing and
thriving and doing well this actually
before my cat ate it grew a new leaf
while it was growing roots in here and
then my cat ate the new leaf so this one
I just basically need to keep out of the
way of myself and my pets long as I can
keep this one on the Shelf I think it
will be okay oh I forgot to say I was
also thinking it would be pretty cool I
think to do a giveaway at some point
once these guys get strong enough to put
in some soil I thought that might be
kind of fun to somehow do a giveaway on
here where maybe I give one of these
guys to one of you I don't know is that
weird
I would love to get a plant so if anyone
wants to send me a plan done let's talk
about it in the comments thanks for
watching today guys I appreciate it and
I will see you next time and have a
wonderful rest of your day and happy
planting