you
there folks so we had a storm yesterday
just a rainstorm nothing crazy like a
tornado but it really roughed up one of
my tomatillo wishes blew away a lot of
leaves and knocked a lot of them down
yeah and one of my tomatillos is on the
ground here plug the deed though it's
really good so husks that it does
protect them quite a bit I do have a few
still left on there but you know for the
size of this container
this plant is pretty big
I don't know if I can really make it you
can even determine how big it is but
it's it's big
but yeah it got really roughed up from
storm I don't know if it's gonna produce
much more but then you know I look
closely and it's still that lots going
on here every single branch here has you
know more flowers there's a young
tomatillo coming in so I don't know I'll
see what happens you know when it's all
bushy you can't really tell but when I
look closely I still probably see
another 25 coming in so see what happens
with that and then right beside this and
the same family of plant surface Alice
now also known as a Cape gooseberry or
ground cherry I've already picked maybe
ten of these and not a crazy amount for
one plant but I'm growing in a pretty
small pot and click on that I get to
gatling the column say I've picked a few
of these it's better to pick them after
they dropped they say because they're
mildly poisonous otherwise there's one
yeah and that one's I'm sure that's
still good deep
that's just great just like pineapple
porter so let's go around the front of
my house and I'll show you guys the
difference in how they grow when you
plant them in the ground so I'm at the
front of my house now this might be a
little tricky to figure out where this
plant starts and ends but this is my
tomatillo you can tell where the
tomatillo is where the yellow low
flowers are it's still flowering but
it's huge I wouldn't even know how to
measure I think I would say it's about 6
feet by 6 feet or 2 meters by 2 meters
probably more than that the thing I
noticed with this one it hasn't flowered
near Alera fruited a lot like the other
one I've seen just a couple pieces of
fruit in there but hundreds and hundreds
of flowers so I'm hoping I get some late
harvest out of this definitely a much
bigger plant than the one in that pot
but yes the impressive I just hope it
you know I can get a some fruiting out
of this I did see some fruit on it
before but I just can't find them so
hopefully they'll pollinate and yeah
I'll get something out of it or there
hopefully they were pollinated already
so you can see a big difference you know
definitely hundreds and hundreds of
flowers
now this crazy thing I probably gonna
have to prune it or move it aside this
is my Cape gooseberry that I have
planning planted outside in the dirt
actually it's just about to sneak into
my mailbox so I think I'm gonna have to
do some printing this one just grew and
grew and grew huge didn't didn't flower
until a few weeks ago I've got no fruit
off this one yet but it's just massive
I do have flowers now but yeah it was
really late to flower but uh oh I do I
do have a fruit now okay
let's meet the stalks on this are huge
the stock under there that's just crazy
that's like is thicker than a cigar so
yeah it's a late bloomer but it's it's
big for up here that's about seven feet
high yeah and it wants to go further but
I'm gonna have to print it but pretty
neat plant no Samora smart parts
fruiting I know yeah I'm gonna try and
plant it more out of the way next year
it's definitely gone crazy but it's
definitely a fun plant to grow so it'll
definitely be so I'll be adding this one
to my list of things I'm glowing
next year for sure but a lot of fun
growing with me people ask me where that
crazy plant is what people think it's a
weed alright so uh now get going
thanks for watching