hey guys it's Dave I'm no recipe
required welcome back today I'm going to
show you how to make a quick vinaigrette
okay guys so vinaigrette we're gonna
make I'm gonna make a balsamic
vinaigrette I've got some balsamic
vinegar here really all vinaigrette is
is vinegar and oil in this case I'm
going to use olive oil and then some
additional flavorings I'm going to mix
them separately in a nice stainless
steel bowl here I've got my whisk ready
now I'm going to start with a couple
like I said flavorings I'm gonna add a
little bit shallot that have diced up
finely and then I'm going to add a
little bit of Dijon mustard
now mustard mustard helps the vinegar
emulsify and as opposed to getting a
separated oil and vinegar kind of
layered on top if you have some mustard
in there it's going to help it all come
together into one smooth mixture I am
also going to add a little bit of honey
for sweetness a couple drops in there
and then a dab of ketchup as well if it
comes out there we go just a little bit
of ketchup then I'm going to pour in my
balsamic generally you probably want a
you know one part balsamic to four parts
vinegar I'm going to mix that mix that
together just blend it blend it up or
get it all smooth then I'm going to
start adding very very slowly now this
is the key you've got a drizzle or
you've got a mix while you slowly
drizzle in the vinegar really just a few
drops at a time if you pour it all in at
once then it won't start
then it won't emulsify and become like I
said
that one nice cohesive mix or
vinaigrette now another trick I want to
show you this because I've got a good
bowl on a wooden cutting wooden cutting
board
it's holding pretty well but if it's not
a counter you might start slipping
around like this as you started to
drizzle in the olive oil which makes
things fairly difficult one way to help
solve that go ahead and just grab a dish
towel and wrap the dish towel or make a
little nest for the bowl and then put
that bowl right inside if it's at a
little bit of a slant that's okay but
that will help keep the bowl in a in a
stable position
all right keep going add in the vinegar
you can see it's actually grinding the
oil the vinaigrette actually starts
coming together and getting very thick
you want to just keep slowly pouring the
oil in mixing ends you know until it
becomes the consistency you want and
then you'll be able to use it as your
salad dressing
I think maybe just a few more drops here
we'll get this to where we want to go
this could also in addition to just a
salad dressing you can make this as a
sauce as well just leave it a little bit
thicker of course don't forget the salt
and pepper we added here just like we
added everywhere else and then once it
gets to the consistency you want of a
salad dressing then you're good to go
that's a simple vinaigrette for you I'll
see you next time
on the recipe required