good that's going we got a that's
loveed 115 take one
marker all right so can you just
introduce yourself and tell me what you
do my name is Katrina and I'm a student
hi my name is Roman and I'm a Motion
Graphics designer my name is Jody my
name is Stephanie I'm Brennan my name is
ginger and I am a full-time student can
you tell me what life means to you life
is about making a difference being able
to do something that gives you Joy
feeling alive oh what uh what brings me
life are things like my friends telling
stories or being able to go to concerts
life is a gift life is about love you
live to experience different things and
you live to make a change and you live
to love love is about connecting with
people love is sacrifice it's doing
something it's not just feeling
something we we all feel love but love
is expressing it to other people love
definitely has the power to change
people change people's lives and for
those people to change other people's
lives as well love is about helping
other people you can help other people
love doesn't have any limits you can
love someone on the other side of the
Planet Clean Water food I mean anything
that we want is red at our finger tips
and we take it for granted every day
[Music]
it's time to love it's time it's time to
[Music]
change everything starts with a small
step every one of us can make a
difference we can do it we can help
other people we can make a difference
love doesn't have any
limits it's time it's time it's time to
stand for justice It's Time To Love Save
A life save a family save a village we
can change the future every human has
the right to water the world is bigger
than the bubble that you live in love is
about caring for the world change the
world just add water change the future
just Add Water you can help you can make
a difference just add you just add water
just Add
Water just Add Water
[Music]
[Music]
h for