hey cookaholics chef kendra here and
today we're making a little side dish
that will work wonderfully with any
Thanksgiving deal or christmas deal or
whenever we have about a pound of
carrots here and we're going to give
them a rinse
we're going to peel them but we still
want to give them my rents and get these
carrots over to the cutting board and
we're going to peel them I'm going to
use a wide pillar and we're just going
to lightly peel them we're peeling them
to get the outside skin off because
outside is a bit fiber-rich a little
tough so we're just going to peel them
okay now we're just going to cut the
root off
we cut them into manageable sizes you
know as always is always smart to have
your water waiting for you as you can
see I do not okay we got to get this pot
over to the sink get some water in it
I'm gonna get this pot of water on the
stove over high heat I really want to
bring it to a boil and help it boil
faster and add a little flavor to those
pieces of carrot i'ma some salt put the
top on
okay guys want to get our carrots in
this bowl and get it over to the pot of
boiling water guys did you know the
carrots showed up about 5,000 years ago
and writings and in paintings all right
water is boiling no no these carrots in
let them go for about 10 12 minutes
until their stock become a little soft
start to get some tenderness to them
okay guys our carrots are ready to be
drinked and put into this little bowl
over here you know hope ville California
claims to be the carrot capital of the
world
I have a problem with that they actually
have an annual carrot festival now I've
never thought about going to a carrot
festival in my life
whoo things about carrots and festivals
in the same sentence
anyway it might be awesome look keep my
carrot cakes all kinds of things going
on might be a blast who knows all right
we have our carrots there drink we're
going to add a little salt to these
brown sugar the star of the show really
the stomach vinegar we're going to add I
need a couple tablespoons of olive oil
I have some olive oil in there but I
used it for something else
and we're just going to stir this up now
we can do this right in the pan but
they're hot for one thing and put
another thing is easier to mix stuff in
a bowl got our pan here gotta sit that
right down there put this hot stuff
first time I put come on like this and I
want to spread them out it smells really
good guys oh man
remember what Emily's always talk about
smellivision or whatever dude was right
on point it's your head at the bella by
now
come on techniques y'all slack in boys
and girls ladies and gents no I'm not
drunk
okay now I just did it like that so I
can spread it out the AR mm water good
already
mmm that's delicious and we're just
going to drizzle the stuff over the top
of them we're going to cook them for
about 35 or 45 minutes I'm going to give
them a flip a stir and turn them around
in the oven halfway through the cooking
process
okay guys we're going to come in here
and give these out and look great
they're almost done they don't need much
more time and that was 22 minutes so
we'll probably only go 30 maybe 35 let
me take a taste though because you know
yeah make sure our carrots are really
good look at that
and I already know I want to hit them
with a little more salt and they're
ready to serve four servings or three I
can eat this whole batch hey guys if you
need this recipe go to chef Kendra easy
cooking dot-com you know I got you and
while you over there sign up for my free
updates okay I'm gonna give it a taste
mmm these are delicious I'm telling you
guys this is type of thing that will
turn your frown upside down when it
comes to carrots I can eat all of this
it's wonderful and that parchment paper
makes cleanup a brief upgrade your
vegetables son okay we're going to bring
them over here
look at that
and little parsley just a touch of
garnish
you