what's happening hungry panda speed
around panda here yeah I just bought
these Kodiak cakes I've shown you the
Kodiak cake muffins in the past and was
actually really impressed with them but
this is Kodiak cakes power cakes
unleashed protein-packed
hey these are buttermilk and maple
flapjacks to go and so pure or true
maple syrup which is always kind of rare
and most people actually have never
really had maple syrup they've had like
the corn based syrup which actually
really like hey 100% whole grains 250
calories it comes in like this little
ramen Cup you can see here it's not that
big but basically what you do here and
the the whole concept of this thing is
that you can bake something fresh baked
something in your microwave in a minute
and who doesn't love a warm hot pancake
check out my Alaska Airlines pancake
maker review if you haven't seen that
yet because that was awesome
calories so it's something in the
morning you can just quick whip up and
you know maybe you're on the go you
could take these to a hotel room they
don't require any refrigeration it's
just powder in here and so that kind of
makes them really nice and portable as
opposed to something like you know an
eggo or something that you have to keep
frozen or refrigerator so all you do
here is remove the sealed lid you're
going to add 1/4 cup of cold water and
if you want it to replace that water
with milk you could certainly do that
that'll give you 12 extra grams of
protein and then you're just gonna stir
this up and what I've noticed here is he
one of these you want to stir thoroughly
and 1/4 cup seems just about right on
the water
stir this up it comes into a nice paste
and I just kind of try to tap it down to
get it to the bottom of the cup as much
as possible and then you microwave it on
high for one minute alright just to cut
on the microwave this thing is really
hot and as you can see there we have
kind of a pancake in a cup looks kinda
like a pancake
you know at least in the texture you
don't get that really cooked golden edge
or anything or that side but look how it
kind of just pulls apart here it's
really really soft not dense at all and
it definitely smells like a pancake
that's kind of the most interesting
thing I think so
hmm pretty hot but even though it's only
been about maybe 30 seconds 45 seconds
or something says I took it out
it's definitely edible at this
temperature ma'am yeah you know what's
weird is its moist it's fluffy
tastes like a pancake and it's like
impregnated with that little maple syrup
in so you don't need anything on it
right you don't need to hunt down
something and it's really in somebody's
farm or moisten a traditional pancake so
you know you really sometimes have to
put syrup or butter on them to kind of
make them you know not just a drive you
know breakfast food but it's really good
ma'am so you know 30 seconds or so to
prep this thing with water and stirring
it and then a minute in your microwave
and all sudden you have a hot
traditional American breakfast may not
look like a pancake pop it tastes like a
pancake ma'am that's pretty cool
check it out man Kodiak cakes I don't
know if they make other stuff that you
can bake in the microwave but how
convenient is that this is really good I
really like these things you can get
them by the case and they're not that
expensive so I'll put a link to them in
the description if you want to pick it
up I would definitely try it out Peter
Brown handing out