Hey Kevin just wondering I have a
composite deck and I'm wondering if you
can tell me if there's a special cleaner
you should use or if I can use the 30C
cleaner what's the best way to go well
composite decks are are a little bit
different than regular decks but you can
use 30 seconds on most all composite
decks there also is composite deck
cleaners that you can use um pretty much
either of these are safe you you can do
it it's always nice to do a little
sample somewhere where it doesn't really
show just to make sure that it's going
to do what you want it to do but I have
found that 30 seconds works the best of
all of these products now instead of
using a gallon of this to a gallon of
water you can use a half a gallon of
this to a gallon of water and do that
and it will still work almost just as
well Perfect all right thank you Kevin
okay