hey guys do it on a dime here so in this
video I'm going to show you how to make
all-natural DIY air freshener this stuff
is awesome I love it so much and it's so
easy to make and it totally beats those
for breeze and like aerosol cans you can
buy at the store they're super expensive
and I don't know about you guys but
those things always give me a headache
this stuff works great whether you're
using it on upholstery or furniture or
just to kill odors in the air I love it
so here are the ingredients the first
thing you're going to need is baking
soda you need about a tablespoon and a
half and you also meet essential oil I
like lemon scent because I think it
makes everything smells so fresh and
I'll have a link in the description of
where you can find this in the most
budget-friendly place and you're also
going to need water for this recipe I'm
using three cups as well as a funnel to
be able to put it into your spray bottle
now really important about this spray
bottle you want to make sure that it's
got a nozzle that's gonna have a really
really light misting spray so that one
you can have it be an air freshener and
it's not just gonna get globs of water
everywhere I got mine from Home Depot
but you can also find them on Amazon so
back to this three ingredient recipe all
you need to do is add a between like 30
and 40 drops of essential oil I know
that seems like a lot but basically
that's the equivalent of like two of
these little squeezes full that's all I
use for one of these big bottles like I
said I like to use lemon because I think
it makes everything smell super fresh
and then I just mix it into the baking
soda and then taking my funnel I just
tap it down into my container this does
take a while and you do have to be a
little bit patient once you've done that
you're going to add the water to it I
add three cups of water to mine
look at me pour without holding the
bottle that is fanciful you guys then
you resume lineage and shake it all up I
think I just made up a word lytic but I
think it worked in that case and
everything is ready to go now what I
like to do is actually cover this with
scrapbook paper because I think it looks
really cute and then I put the recipe on
the back of the container so that way I
always have access to it now I use this
recipe for lots of stuff whether I'm
refreshing furniture that kind of smells
a little bit like Luna which is my dog
or refreshing the outside of the diaper
genie or even in the room with Carson
because it's all-natural it's safe to
use this stuff is the best if you guys
head over to my blog right now the link
is in the description you can actually
download this DIY air freshener tag I
just put it on my bottle with Mod Podge
it's completely free for you guys and
there is a large size and a small size a
link will be in the description I'll see
you guys next time
[Music]