any Rick here there's weekend way to
throw some corn on the grill and I'm
going to show you a really cool way how
to grill up the corner grill without
burning it and it's gonna come out
really awesome
so when you go to buy your corn if you
gonna put throw on the grill don't take
any of the husk off the wall blast on
because you need those if you're gonna
put a grill you first have to take and
soak it in a bucket of water
how about I go on the bucket the water
here is fairly clean with all the corn
in here the oven all the husks intact
so to make sure they get good and so if
we're going to put a plate over top of
them play it play down at the water well
and then we use that a 2 quart jar of
water here to weigh down the plate
then we're also gonna use this quart 2
quart jar for something else later I'm
going to show you a really cool way how
to butter your corn the corn has been
soaking for about an hour in the water
here you want these the Husky good and
wet good and soaked so that when you put
them on the grill I'm gonna step on the
outside edge of the coals here that I'll
put them dripped over the heat but the
heats going to make these actually gets
connect the corms
corn steam inside the husks here and
they're going to get that little bit of
grill flavor to them and it's they're so
good need to try these are you know what
you won't be disappointed okay now to
get these the steam real good you get to
put the lid back on your grill to hold
all the heat in there real well and get
those good the steam inside the husks
pull back when raised okay it's been
about a half-hour he's been on here
about a half hour now and I'm just going
to turn him a half turn these two I'm
going to swap around cuz you should
they're not burnt that bad I mean give
it a little bit of char on them not that
bad you're not eating outside anyway
yeah but they're getting nice and smoky
I probably should the corners are gonna
be delicious and it's gonna be golden
and you can look great
you can see how even that after soaking
these in the bucket of water for about
an hour they're still getting a little
dried out but they're not nearly when
they're not so straight out they're
gonna catch fire so think you're gonna
be perfect
this week special beverage of choice was
a bit of a treat we found this is a
shiner prickly pear it's a summer
seasonal which you know it just coming
out now
um when Noreen first saw this she is
really excited to try it so we've only
got some and we tried it and it's pretty
good I mean it's got just a hint of
sweetness but I mean I'm just a it does
it's very subtle but you can definitely
tell if any of you are familiar with how
prickly pear to be dark beer you can see
it is really definitely taste of prickly
pear in it is actually it's pretty fresh
and actually quite it's actually quite
good it is related I would buy this
again well we bought 12 of them so
you're gonna enjoy them for a while but
um just reading here okay this says if I
can get it to focus I wasn't just having
read it okay well you focus on this or
something sorry it says end your drought
this unique summer seasonal offers the
perfect relief from summers intense heat
the fruit of the prickly pear a cactus
native to our breweries landscape blends
wonderfully with Citra and us Goulding
hops for a tart citrusy flavor and
floral aroma that's like any other
summer lager it's a crisp and refreshing
alternative to drinking from the HOS
pristine and I love that taste better
than hose water - it does but it's
actually pretty good so you see this
around if you're out you see this about
pick some up and give it a try see if
you like it we sure do
okay this is one that we pulled off the
grill we pulled back the husk you see
it's a little bit of brown this on it
but that's okay this gives it more
flavor now easily the butter this is
when I was growing up teeth marks
yeah when I growing up the Lions Club
would have the little corn grow corn hub
shacks everywhere go buy your corn and
up to the side you see this bottle of
jar water with a yellow cell phone
without that butter you take your corn
your your corn dip it in here and as you
pull it back up all the butter eyes
float on the top of water sticks that it
sticks to the corner now you got a
totally buttered piece of corn here I'll
tell you what it is good as you can see
we've tried it mmm-hmm yeah it's really
good so give this a try next time you
feel like having some grilled corn in
the grill and see if you like it I hope
you like it hope you touch this up - you
can use I hope this helps if you like
what you see here then give me a thumbs
up and hit the subscribe button come
back every week and see we do next
til next time hope to see you soon