hello and welcome to soda tasting an
online show dedicated to soda reviews
and appreciation I'm Patrick O'Keefe and
I've got a teapot what's that for well
before I get into that I wanted to
mention that this is the 80th episode of
soda tasting and that means that we're
just 20 away from episode number 100 so
I wanted to tell you what my plan is for
that after some thought I've decided
that I'm going to do 10 viewer requests
or mention sodas in a row from 10
different people so so obviously I do uh
requests uh randomly as I'm recording
soda tasting but I've never done that
many in a row so what I'm going to do is
I'm going to I'm going to find 10
suggestions that I've received from 10
different people and I'm going to do all
10 of those sodas starting with episode
number 100 so that's something to look
forward to and I'm definitely looking
forward to it myself it should be a lot
of fun now on today's episode I'm going
to review hot Dr Pepper now this is from
the Dr Pepper Snapple group and it was
promoted or introduced in the
1960s if you if you haven't heard of it
uh me neither until just recently when
an acquaintance of mine Dave Taylor of
ask davet taylor.com he mentioned it on
Facebook and he mentioned an article at
recipe curio.ca
pepper and um basically they had an old
advertisement for it and if you do a
Google search for hot Dr Pepper a Google
image search you'll see uh various old
advertisements for this uh beverage and
I'll read from one of them it say says
for something different devilishly
different for the holidays try Dr Pepper
piping hot here is a bracing cool
weather refreshment that lends a holiday
spirit to any occasion just heat Dr
Pepper in a saucepan until it steams
pour into a glass or cup over a slice of
lemon and serve piping hot and for those
who want something special try the
Boomer that's hot Dr Pepper with a dash
of
rum enjoy hot Dr Pepper often so of
course I had to try this because this
was a real thing that was promoted by Dr
Pepper back back in the day now Dr
Pepper has in 12 ounces 150 calories it
has 41 Mig of caffeine it has high
fructose corn syrup as a sweetener and
uh of course lemon has you know a little
bit of a small number of calories and
sugar as well so keep that in mind but
I'm I'm ready to uh to go here so I have
not my usual tasting cup but a uh you
know I have a mug here and uh I have
here is my slice of lemon so yeah I'm
going to put that in the cup there
perfect now
pour from a teapot Dr Pepper wi is
[Music]
hot empty it all I put about a cup full
in
there and yeah I mean this is hot Dr
Pepper know if you can see that but
there's a little bit of a steam coming
off it
and you know it smells like Dr Pepper
with a with a lemon in it so crazy I
know but I'm I'm really curious to to
try this because I expect it to be good
because I like Dr Pepper and I think you
know I've seen people comment oh that
sounds disgusting well cold coffee might
have sounded pretty poor um at one point
as well and now people drink that up
like crazy so who says hot Dr Pepper um
can't be just as good so I'm going to
give it a try
[Music]
so I haven't had hot soda before this is
this is interesting it opens up a whole
new world of
possibilities uh not really
but it is interesting to consider the
things that you can add to soda um on
your
own different kind of fruits different
kind of anything really I mean this is
almost like lemonade think about
lemonade Dr Pepper right or lemon Dr
Pepper I mean that's not a thing they
make but you could make it yourself and
that's exactly what this tastes like I
mean it tastes like hot lemon uh Dr
Pepper I mean it's Dr Pepper with a
little hint of lemon in there I think
it's interesting it's pretty good I
almost think that I might prefer just
hot doct pepper by itself without the
lemon but uh the lemon certainly adds a
spice and a variety to it so I'm really
interested in this I really um was
interested to learn that they promoted
it back in the' 60s so it's it's pretty
cool and um you know it encourages
further experimentation which I think um
is fun so I do want to give this a
rating because this was an official
thing that Dr Pepper Snapple group or
back then not Snapple group but Dr
Pepper promoted so I want to put this at
3.5 out of five um as far as my ratings
go now I'd love to know have you ever
had hot Dr Pepper uh please let me know
in the comments on sodat tasting. or on
YouTube please subscribe to receive
every show automatically via email at
sodas thing.com thank you for watching
and as always everything in moderation