gooseberries there's nothing like a bit
of gooseberry pie
[Music]
so basically Goods brews and red
currants and black currants are all very
very similar similar fruits thereof the
Roy bee species and they've been going
for years they're actually very very
easy to grow if you get the
circumstances right now the reason I
like these plants is there an
intermediate forest garden plant so here
I am trying to establish this forest
edge area you know I want to form a bush
to three-foot tall four foot you know
and just capture the sun's light just
before the the hedgerow and somebody
have a small sort of fruit trees I've
got growing in this area some of the
main uses for these are jams you can
make wine fruit juices they freeze
really well so they're good in cakes
really really nice delightful things to
have in the freezer for the winter
Meerut periods jams and jellies
Christmastime now really you've got a
few options you can buy especially some
of the gooseberries quite large
substantial bushes already Beirut what
I've done I'm typical thing I always do
is I like to go to the garden centers I
like to pick them up small or get plug
plants and I like to Graham on don't ask
me why a little bit of a cheapskate I
like I like to do things economical as
possible and I'm prepared to take my
time with things I like wearing things
small let them go big
you probably got more chance from
establishing like that but I grew this
it's a gooseberry actually this one I
know you can probably see the red red
hue menarche red it's a different
different type it's actually a smaller
sort of grub in gooseberry but a really
really nice little plant you know and
really quite robust and I don't know if
you can see we've got a lot of fresh
growth here and this is ready it just
explode so I grown it in a two liter pot
growing it on and now we've got you know
quite a quite a reasonable sized sort of
sort of plant to plant so I'm going to
select a bit of ground it's always good
to put a bit of manure fertilizer in the
hole break the roots apart and because
you know this one I'm pretty sure this
has got quiet yeah well it's not that
bad actually but it's got quite a quite
a good roots
growing this or just trying when you
plant these things try and tease the the
roots out a little bit they like that
and they also like to be sort planted a
little bit lower in the soil you can
just cover the base up a little bit I
don't know why that is I think you know
when you watch these guys grow the roots
sort of come up the stem a little bit so
I don't know if that's just that's just
a natural thing they like to do if you
know and I don't let us know it does
like well-drained fertile soil so I'm
planting this at the top end of the hill
where I live along the hedgerow maybe
about three foot in trying to get a bit
more structure to the forest garden some
of the things you will get with this the
birds the birds can be a bit of a
problem as I said I've got cats here and
actually things I've grown in this area
they very good very rarely get many
birds here because there's not a lot of
overhead tree cover but I'll give it a
shot and I'll see how I get on I'm gonna
try growing some of these in the chicken
coop I don't know if I've said in other
videos I want to grow more things in
Chipping in the chicken coop because
it's such a large area the chickens just
annihilate everything in there I mean
maybe I'd need something a bit taller
than this but and they are quite a
robust plant and you know they give you
they're quite prolific when they get
going so we'll see how we get on with
this the one thing they can suffer for
me saint called milled milled you now
there are a lot of resistant varieties
now maybe you want to look out for that
if you are planning on grabbing some of
these so bear that in mind now there was
a well known variety of gooseberry
called in Victor I don't know if this is
resistant or not so bit slack that peat
and we're chuckling search does and
hopefully that's given you a little bit
more of a better idea that's what I know
that's the research I've done if you've
got any ideas leave a comment you know
don't keep it to yourself yet yet it's
you come on get typing
alright now don't forget if you enjoy
the videos feel free to like and
subscribe for all your latest tips and
tricks on how to survive the apocalypse
growing your own vegetables
self-sufficiency and just general
gardening thank you very much