today we're getting an acorn squash
these winter squash have distinct in
longitudinal engines and very sweet
yellow orange quick and despite the fact
they are considered winter squashes they
are in the same species as all summer
squash Mr Cameron Ely here making his
way along the longitudinal regions
because he is smart and he knows that
the flesh is thinnest in the crevice
between each Ridge truly expert cutting
movie jackhammering long maintaining a
firm grip the story doesn't seem to be
having much trouble at all making his
way through this bisection prying a bit
here to separate the area Rella stock
which as you know is the most difficult
area of any squash or gourd to separate
excellent technique using the prime
newer jackhammering down into the squash
as it stands on its stalk forcing it to
split down both on the sides seems to be
coming to a conclusion of the cut here
only the difficult stalk area remaining
to be separated here fumbling with the
spoon manifest one's got me losing my
composure but he recovered quite nicely
and has bisected this acorn squash
rather efficiently well done cutter