hi its first lady redundant again and
I'm cooking in the kitchen and so today
I want to make for you my famous chicken
spaghetti and I have a little bit of
prep work already done as you can see I
just want to give you a kind of a brief
overview of the ingredients but what I
have here is a boneless skinless chicken
breast actually it's three of them that
I have already sauteed on the top of the
stove and I've cooked them fully and now
I've just kind of rough chop them and
then I have a half of a bell pepper and
I have a whole yellow onion that I have
chopped and then I have cream of chicken
soup and then I have a can of the diced
tomatoes and we're gonna use Velveeta
and at the end of it we're going to use
some cheddar cheese just melted on top
so let's go ahead and go over to the so
let's get started I've already boiled my
spaghetti so I've never done a lot of
the prep work this is a really good
weeknight meal if you need to get a meal
on the table in a hurry for your family
this meal you can get it done and have
it on the table in under an hour I'm
serious I've done it so many times so
the first thing I want to do I've turned
my palm on you want to use a big a nice
size pot because I've already cooked
about two pounds of spaghetti I've
already boiled it this is a large can of
cream of chicken soup and so I'm just
adding it first and then what I want to
do is equal parts of cream of chicken
soup to walk up to to milk this is 2%
look that I'm using and so
basically once I add that and I get my
whisk and I just start whisking this
until it gets smooth and I'm starting my
fire up on high so it can go ahead and
start incorporated I'm whisking it until
it's smooth then I'll just turn it down
a little bit and I usually make a lot of
this because my peers like it but you
can really make as little or as much as
you want to make depending on the size
of your family and she makes great
leftovers they taste even better in the
after he's been in the refrigerator
overnight the next day it takes even
better and so I'm going to let that
continue to simmer and incorporate and
I'm going to as you can see the cheese I
had a little bit of it left over from a
previous recipe and I'm just kind of
opening up this new package of Velveeta
so that you can just kind of see how I
slice it so that it can go into the
cream of chicken in the middle
so I'm just going to take my butter
knife very easily and just start slicing
it and this is actually a 10 ounce but I
don't think I'll use the entire portion
since I have some left over from the
previous package of Velveeta so I may
not use all of it but you do want this
to be really cheesy that this is a pasta
dish and so we know pasta is really good
with cheese melted cheese but this is
kind of a spin because it's got the
diced tomatoes which is going to make it
kind of spicy and then you have the
chicken onion so I'm just just kind of
rough chop it is and I'm gonna add this
to the mixture really cheesy all right
so and as you can see you can look at it
and see how it's already just kind of
thickened up and the cheese is gonna
make it even thicker so it's gonna be a
really thick sauce with all the cheese
in it and then the next thing that I add
is
the diced tomatoes
and as you can see it gives the pretty
color with the tomatoes add it in and
I'm just mixing it all in if it's a
little bit thick for you you can add
more milk and you can kind of thin it
out a little bit if it's a little too
thick for you but remember the songs
it's going to be incorporated in the
spaghetti is going to go in and the
chicken is going to go in and it's gonna
be like a one-pot dish and so I'm just
going to let that continue to kind of
simmer for a little bit and let the
cheese melt
you want this Velveeta to milk until
it's completely smooth as you use your
whisk okay so I'm just going to clean up
a bit and then I'll come back once this
is smooth out we'll come back and add
the next step
thanks okay we are back and I'm still
whisking this mixture of
the cream of chicken soup and the milk
and also the Velveeta that I put in here
and also the can the small can of the
diced tomatoes and green chilies kind of
similar to row tale and so I'm whisking
it and it's pretty much smooth so the
next thing that I want to do is I want
to add
the diced onion and the green bell
peppers when I add that I'm gonna just
whisk that in really good as well see
how it gives it a really pretty color
you can see all those tomatoes in there
you can see the onions and the green
peppers in there and it's really smooth
now I did during the break I did out of
just a little bit more maybe about 1/4
of a couple more of milk because it was
a little bit thick for me and it's going
to continue to thicken up and so I
didn't want it to be too thick because
I'm gonna add the chicken and I'm gonna
add the spaghetti to it it's just kind
of continues to simmer and know that
everything is kind of waste in very
smoothly then the next thing I do is I
add the chicken now how I prepared this
chicken if you want to know this again
is boneless skinless chicken breast and
there's 3 of them that I just kind of
rough chopped here but what I did was I
marinated them in Italian dressing for
about 3 hours and then I sauteed them on
top of the stove I used a little bit of
mrs. - seasoning which is a no salt
seasoning that I really like to use
because if you remember I don't really
like to add a whole lot of salt to my
food I think table salt you know just
kind of adds to the sodium levels and
you already have high sodium in the in
the diced tomatoes and you already have
high sodium in the cream of chicken soup
and so you don't necessarily need to add
salt so I didn't when I saute the
chicken I just really basically just
marinated it in Italian
the Italian dressing for about three
hours and just sauteed it on top of the
salt so now that everything is in there
into our mixture it's just gonna
actually just pick it up and I just kind
of cover it for a couple of minutes
maybe about five minutes and let it
thicken and then the last step is really
to add the spaghetti and then you're
going to be done once you put it all
together and maybe put a little sprinkle
a little cheese on top well we'll be
back in a minute and I'll show you get
ready to show you to add the pasta and
the chicken on top the Chiefs I'm sorry
the cheese on top it will be almost done
be back in a bit okay we're back and we
are ready to add the spaghetti as you
can see the sauce is really thickened up
nicely and everything's incorporated so
now we're ready to add the spaghetti of
course this is chicken spaghetti this is
a great weeknight meal any night of the
week any day of the week meal I'm just
adding spaghetti and I've cooked and of
course you just took your spaghetti
according to your package directions
okay so I'm just using my large spoon
there and I'm just stirring it in as you
can see you can see those large bits of
chicken breast chunks you can see the
can of diced tomatoes and green chilies
you can see the onion in there and you
can see those green peppers it makes it
really colorful and so the spaghetti of
course is going to soak up a lot of that
liquid so that's why you
to make sure that it's not too thick
because you don't want it to be dry and
so you see how moist that is and the
last thing that I do because we love our
cheese in my family I basically just add
some mild cheddar cheese kind of semi on
top of this tunnel and all that cheese
and just know this is also a dish that
you can take if you've been invited to a
potluck it's really easy you can just
instead of taking it you know instead of
taking in a big pot you just transfer it
over to a casserole dish or a full pan
and you will honestly it rang rave
reviews everyone loves this dish I've
been making it for a long time and
everybody just really really loves it
and they always ask me to make it all
the time so basically that's chicken
spaghetti okay so this is your chicken
spaghetti and I just really just turned
the fire down low just let it kind of
that's your meal you got chicken
spaghetti it's one of my favorites and
my kids love it too so my husband loves
it too so we all love it when it's our
favorite one of my favorite pasta meals
to make so I hope you try the recipe I
hope you like it and let me know what
you think
thank you and have a great day be
blessed I just wanted to show you the
finished product with the cheese all
melted on top and basically I just took
some rolls with it and some simple green
beans or you can do a salad that's the
middle chicken spaghetti