so since clearly you need some help here
what exactly are you going to show me
how to make so I can lend a hand well
obviously there's many steps that go
into it before we do this but what we're
going to do is make a template for this
lower fender section okay and then we're
going to take that paper template over
to the metal hammer it out and see how
it fits the first curve we're going to
find is an absolute constant curve like
this one here we'll tape it up so we're
just going to slice this is strangely
like seamstress ting or making a dress
or something so now we're going to take
these fingers that that I sniff and
we're just going to make this fit now
we'll take this over to the metal and
we'll cut a metal panel that will look
very similar to this you look for
corners you look for straight edges and
as I lay it out up here I'll mark it
with my marker we've got that there this
is going to roll out this way you see if
I rolled it down like this yeah I kind
of give it an arc
raus after you've wasted a whole bunch
of metal you can't you learn you learn
take it okay
you
so show me how it's going to align how
do we get it Ben to Nicholas
so we could get it bent one direction
just over our knee okay swear we'll
start and you've got a pair of them I
see ready to go we'll kind of start by
just literally just manhandling it over
your knee okay yeah you got all this
extra metal right yeah it's got to go
somewhere so with shaping metal you can
either shrink or you can stretch what
are we going to do both first thing
we'll do is work on the shot bag all
right here we go
like I'm not expecting it to be clear
the next it is but it's just kind of
happening it's kind of magical like I'm
beating the crap out of the magic
clothing spirits living the metal till
they do what I want now I think we'll do
some shrinking on it when you hammer
into the bowl you'll get a pleat it'll
rise yeah and then you got a hammer that
into itself alright so you want me to
show me only tell me what I need to be
doing so you see how it starts to your
eyes here we're going to hammer that
into itself as we pull it up and out of
the bowl now when we take this over to
the power hammer it has shrinking dyes
in it and it will do this work for us
very quickly
here's this away cooker
so see how it's raising the medal yeah
now when I quote back it's going to cool
it's going to pull that battle back into
itself you can see it stroke all this
but you can really see this Ridge right
here yes so you can do some deeper
passes around here and then we'll do a
series of shower okay so just shove it
through this way yeah you'll just when
you push it through you're going to kind
of push it through gently with
we want to follow your safe path Isis so
that you're shrinking that way yep and
then kind of twist it
so right here we've got to have a deeper
Bowl yep to get the curve we want how do
we almost inflating that like a blue and
half what do you have to make that so
we're going to read the curvature here
that we want and then we'll put it in
the English wheel and we'll select an
anvil that matches that curve so we're
going to open it up and pull out this
saddle here now we want to match up this
radius here with the right and Vil that
we would use okay three points it's all
in there
yeah will be between those two we're
going to kind of blend it with those two
different sized panels and you want it
tight enough that you can move it but
you've just got pressure between the two
yeah and I usually just start a little
bit on the softer side just to kind of
rub it in my way into it so like that
little area we're working on look how
much smoother it's already been and just
barely am you know under you know thirty
seconds or whatever of working it with
the English wheel now the expense is
that this is getting thinner to write as
light it's slightly thick yeah
so one thing you don't want to do I'll
show you when you're at a standstill if
you start twisting it's shrinking yeah
yeah drinking with in the meadow
what Ashley CJ the wheels up you always
want to be in a fluid motion and then
rotating throughout your past nice as
you
so we've taken all this time to make
this one panel how many panels like this
are on an average one of your cards
typically there's about thirty sections
on a car like this now that you have a
bigger English wheel are you going to be
able to make fewer bigger sections or is
it always going to be this way for
especially tight areas tight radius
areas like this you know as I learn you
know the capabilities of the new tool
I'll be able to make larger sections of
panels so it'll trim down the amount of
welding and work like this that needs to
be done I'm stunned that we went from a
flat piece of metal and just hammering
and these two tools to get something
that actually looks like this now I
can't stop running my hand over it's
such a like a satisfying nice curve that
we've got
you