[Music]
to get started you will need 3 to 4 lbs
of pork meat I am using pork shoulder
meat I went ahead and chopped up all of
my pork meat and I have it sitting in
water I like to do this just to help
lessen the scum and foam when I start to
boil it
okay on to my chile I will be using four
Chile anchos and this pack is 1 and 1/2
oz I'm using two so that would make it 3
oz of Chile ancho I'm also going to be
using two Chile arul and this is very
hot so I'm only using two using these
two will not make my pole Ultra hot it's
just going to give it a nice little kick
and I actually have a low tolerance for
heat so this is not going to make it
spicy I'm also going to be using five
Chile wos and this is another mild to
medium heat Chile uh basically this
combination is it's going to be a mild
ble just with a little
kick next I'm just going to remove the
stem and all the seeds from all of the
Chile I would like to add you don't
necessarily have to use all these types
of Chile if you just have Chile ancho
use Chile ancho which is a mild Chile
you could use just Chile wah there's
times where I I only use wah and cas
it just depends what you have in your
home and what your preference is but I
will say if you use New Mexico chile or
Chile AR those are very spicy so be
careful because I made the mistake of
buying New Mexico chile thinking oh it's
mild no it is spicy so just be sure to
be aware of
[Music]
that I also want to show you that I
boiled some water and that's what I'll
be steep my chilas in so I'm just going
to continue removing the stems and the
seeds from my chilas and eventually they
are going to end up in that Boiling Pot
of water
[Music]
o
[Music]
[Music]
okay so now that they're all cleaned I
am going to let my chilis steep in this
hot water for at least 30 minutes until
they become pliable and
[Music]
soft okay and I just want to go over the
other ingredients that I will be using I
have have half of a large onion you
could use a whole onion this one was
just really large so I have it I'm also
going to be using a bunch of garlic use
however much garlic you like and if you
don't like fresh garlic or you don't
have it use garlic powder I'm also going
to be using two bay leaves and these two
bay leaves are going to go into the pot
when I start boiling my pork
meat and for the spices I will be using
let's get these onto the board here here
I have 1 tablespoon of kosher salt I'm
going to use this again when I start
boiling my pork meat I'm also going to
be using two teaspoons of ground
cumin and I have here one full
tablespoon of dried oregano and again
all of these spices use what you like if
you like less or if you like more adjust
it to whatever you like I just think
this works for me when I make
it I also just wanted to point out if
you seen my other videos or even if this
is your first video I tend to use coarse
kosher salt when I prep a lot of my food
but if you are the type of person that
uses table salt or you know the fine the
finer
salts um the measurements that I use
might not match so well with this type
of salt so if you are using this salt I
wanted to point out that for example in
this recipe I'm going to start off with
a tablespoon of course kosher salt so if
you are using this table salt you want
to probably use only 2 and 1/2 teaspoons
you want to start off with 2 and 1/2
teaspoons just to be safe because if
you're using a full tablespoon of table
salt you might overs salt the ble so
that's just something to be aware of
okay next here I have two chicken
flavored buang cubes and I'm using the
nor brand and I'm going to be adding
this to four cups of hot water to create
a chicken broth now if you have four
cups of your own chicken broth or
chicken stock that you make use that but
I actually just like to use chicken
buang Cube from nor so anyways I'm going
to mix this up until it's
combined and this is also going to be
going into our
pole okay here I have an 8 qu stock pot
and in it I have about 4 to 4 and 1/2 L
of water I believe I measured out about
18 cups of
[Music]
water now I'm just going to add my pork
meat and I went ahead and rinsed it and
drained all of the water it was soaking
in next I'll be adding 1 tbsp of coer
salt and I'm just going to let this come
up to a boil and let it cook for about
an
hour and I almost forgot I'm also going
to be adding two bay
[Music]
leaves and this is actually 30 minutes
of boiling at a hard boil and all of
this scum and foam has produced so now
what I'm going to do is remove all of
this it is very important for a good
pole even when you're making manoodle or
even if you're making a soup or boiling
meat to get rid of all of the impurities
and scum and foam and even the fat from
the top of your broth because it's going
to make a world of difference in your
finished product after cleaning all of
the scum out I'm going to let it
continue to boil and remember we're
boiling this for an
hour okay so while the pork meat is
boiling here I have my chile they are
nice and soft and now I am just going to
add my onion which I have roughly
chopped
[Music]
and I'm also going to add my roughly
chopped
[Music]
garlic I also decided to add add my
tablespoon of dried oregano and this is
because I think it helps break up some
of the oregano so you're not kind of
choking on the origonal leaf when it's
in the the broth and just to get things
moving along I'm going to add about a
cup of the chicken
[Music]
broth okay so now that my chile is
pureed and Blended I am going to strain
it now you don't have to do this but
this is what I like to do again to
achieve a nice clean
[Music]
broth okay so Midway straining my puree
I had had to check on my boiling pork
over there and clean out a little bit of
more foam and scum so I went back and
here I am I have finished and I did use
a little bit more of chicken stock to go
ahead and help uh strain some of the the
Chile it got really thick but this is
what I ended up with all of the skin
[Music]
okay so my pork has been boiling for an
hour or a little over an hour and here
is all the scum and fat and foam that I
removed and I also fished out those two
bay leaves because now I'm going to add
the rest of our ingredients so to this
pot and if you notice the water has
dropped significantly because it's been
boiling for an hour so I'm going to add
the rest of our chicken stock and the
reason why I didn't add the chicken
stock first is because I knew I was
going to take out some of the liquid
while removing the foam and scum and you
don't want the the chicken flavor you
know to be removed so I'm just going to
give that a good
[Music]
mix and now I am going to add my puree
chilis but first I'm going to add the
two tpoon of GR Brown cumin to the puree
and just give that a
[Music]
mix and into the pot it goes and you
don't want to lose any of that puree so
I'm actually going to dunk this bowl
into the broth or the stock and just to
make sure I get all of that wonderful
Chile puree and flavor out of the
[Music]
bowl now that I've added all of the
ingredients I am going to give it a good
mix and I'm going to bring this up to a
boil
[Music]
and once I bring it up to a boil I'm
going to cover with a lid and I'm going
to let this cook for another hour you
want to make sure your meat is nice and
tender and if it needs to go longer than
that by all means but another hour
should do it I also wanted to show you
that I have my burner at a medium to
medium high heat and again I'm just
going to let this go for an hour
[Music]
now it has been 1 hour and I want to
show you how soft and tender the meat
has become and at this point I think my
meat is ready for the next step and that
would be adding the
homine here I have about 5 to six cups
of white homon and the reason why I
measured it in cups is because all I had
was this giant can of homon it's like a
6 lb can of homon let me show you so you
kind of get an idea of what I'm talking
about here is the giant can that I ended
up having to buy cuz I couldn't find a
smaller one so I'm just showing you here
I used about half of this can now if you
double the recipe this six lb can would
be perfect for a double of the the broth
and meat ratio but if I just dumped in
this whole can into my pot of P it would
just be Hony Overkill so you only want
to use 5 to six cups in this recipe and
what I also did is I strained it and I
gave it a rinse that's why I have it in
a strainer so now I'm just going to add
it to my pot of
[Music]
pole and now that I've added my homon
I'm going to let this whole pot cook for
an additional 30 to 45 minutes or until
the homine comes out tender it's still
has to have its its texture and a bite
to it but right now it's a little too
hard to just start eating so you want to
let your pic continue to cook for about
30 to 45
[Music]
[Music]
minutes okay the p is on the last leg of
cook time I want to discuss toppings and
traditional toppings for pole is
shredded cabbage I have diced
onion and let's not forget my
favorite lime I have some lime wedges
and I also like to serve this with
additional dried oregano I know I have
some family members that like to give a
couple shakes of the oregano into their
bowl of menudo or pole just an added
spice and I don't have it here today but
you could also use sliced Cherry
radishes those are really
good okay so my P is done so now I am
just going to serve myself a bowl and
dress it accordingly to the way I like
my
P and I just want to show you how
wonderful everything came together the
broth is perfect and the meat is tender
the homon is done so now all there's
left to do is add my toppings I'm going
to add some shredded cabbage a little
bit of diced onion and of course my
favorite a squeeze of
lime as always the recipe will be
located in the description box below
I hope you give this recipe a try I hope
you like it and thanks for
[Music]
watching hey guys you can click on the
video icons for more recipes or you can
click on my picture icon to subscribe
thanks for watching
[Music]