now one of the main exports of
Madagascar is my personal favorite
flavor vanilla and that's exactly why
I've planted myself here in front of
this vanilla bush and crisps vanilla
starts out as a beam and guess what it's
green it's not that black one thing that
you see sometimes in gourmet stores but
it's a long way from this little beam
that still quite immature to the vanilla
bean that you see in the flavor stores
it's got a mature first of all this has
to get a lot longer anywhere from three
to ten inches or more the longer the
bean the more expensive and then of
course there's many different grades of
being they were called by quality the
flavor the percent of vanilla in the
bean how long it is and also how much
work they put into curing - beep they're
picked around July every year and they
finally finish around October and during
that time they go through a number of
lengthy steps exposed to the Sun taken
out in the night time kept at a constant
temperature
boiled regularly then taken out and
boiled again and this goes on and on and
on it takes a lot of work to make that
vanilla bean have that smell that
everybody in the world seems to love so
much