welcome to barland Hops I'm George
today's a special day as always we're
here with you uh and we're here to talk
about Brewing or distilling again but
what makes it even more special today is
it's the 4th of July and it's not just a
day of Celebration but it's also a day
of remembrance and it's a day to stop
just to pause and to be thankful that
you and I live in a country that's just
so wonderful and full of so many
freedoms we owe that freedom to so many
people we owe that freedom to each other
so please enjoy your day today and the
many weekends ahead uh as a free
American I will never apologize for
being an American all right um right to
it look a couple of days ago well
actually a little bit over a week ago uh
we were doing um gosh we were doing a
bunch of things we did on video I think
if you recall I think we were doing some
kind of a wine but if I I brought out
one of the mashes that we did did and I
used a turbo clear to to try to clear
all the sediment in it and remember if
you can recall it was almost crystal
clear as a matter of fact we had it
right here in front of the counter it
was almost Crystal Clear well guess what
I had a chance to run that the other day
and I ran that through through my Turbo
500 while I was here in the
shop I may have well you never know I
was doing something here that day but oh
by the way here's what happened at the
end of the uh at the end of my process
say I wound up with 3/4 of a gallon of
180 proof and then I just shut it off
cuz I kind of got tired it was only
about 3 3 and 1/2 hours of
runtime so uh I got it's out out of
crystal clear and you know what today
just one of those great days and you
know how I feel about it I can tell you
partner is that was made in America all
right I just wanted to show that to you
because we've got something to play with
later on now we can we can get together
we can start mixing we can start
adding flavors and trying to infuse
other types of flavors uh I've had a
couple of calls about that about how to
impart flavors as opposed to using e uh
Essence and extracts and uh we're going
to we're going to start to delve into
that just a little bit more uh later on
videos we try to use some fresh fruits
and things like that but what I did in
the meantime over a little over a week
ago we also did our last concentrate um
100% Welches grape juice and at the same
time we did that if you recall we stood
right here and we were doing our our
well AUM uh and we used 100% unsulfured
molasses and some rum yeast and it's
been all about I think it's been like 9
days I've been using the uh the blanket
for the fast ferment to control the
temperature and I'll tell you it has
made such a day night difference I've
been able to maintain about 70Â° inside
this bag throughout the day and
overnight until I come back back in the
next day by just replacing Frozen
bottles of water now um that one's
already been that one has already thawed
out uh I put it in there yesterday
morning and this is the 4th of July late
in the evening or
afternoon what I've got in here you'll
see though is last week we
put a pack of the turbo
clear and so it's cleared this and I
used the dark molasses and what was oh
it was so awesome because the Molasses
was so dark and half of it was
crystallized and we added about a gallon
and a half of water so we had a really
really high concentration of sugar and
we let that rum turbo yeast go to town
on it and right now we're down to almost
one I don't think we're going to get any
lower because this was really really
thick so what we're going to do now is
we're going to transfer that into um
just more of my carrying bottles that I
have here and I'll have this set in the
back room and I'll let that set for the
next oh my gosh week or so um we and
look we've had this discussion many many
times will this turn into
vinegar absolutely not um unless I
introduce you've got to do a couple of
different things remember when a mash is
finished and you've got a high content
of alcohol the ABV alcohol by volume
first of all it's going to be its own
natural preservative stop and think of
that all right it's
alcohol second of all if you leave it
sealed and you don't allow oxygen to get
to it there's nothing else can happen to
it except for it to sit there now if you
introduce the aactor bacteria or if you
somehow gather the mother or a piece of
the mother from like an apple cider
vinegar excuse me or another vinegar
that's already been in the process of
converting to vinegars and introduce
that into here and then add oxygen to it
which is absolutely necessary for the
process to take place well then yes over
several several several weeks it will
turn into
vinegar and I know you don't I know
you're scratching your head
please if you call me and you want to
talk about your Mash that you made last
week turn to vinegar as soon as it's
finished fermenting please don't waste
your time I'm just I'm not going to
argue with you I'm just going to agree
and say I understand okay you know have
a nice day dump it out start all over um
I will never I have never dumped one I
have never lost one due to it turning to
something it can't turn to
so oh I hope that ends that conversation
um and and if I've offended somebody
I'll apologize up front but uh if you
want to discuss it we can discuss it but
there are ways yes you can but again
remember you've got to work at it it
doesn't happen by
mistake yeah I see yeah yeah you're
you're not real convinced are you that
okay just give me a call later on we'll
talk about it all right look oh we've
got we'll turn our valve off I'm going
to remove the ball and you can see that
this the ball is full and at the very
bottom of this I've already removed the
ball once and cleared it and it may be a
little bit difficult to see I get here
sideways in the light but I've got
sediment up to about here which is the
result of uh adding that super clear
which has caused all the remaining
sediment in this to settle to the Bottom
now we've cleaned and we're going to
attach the hose now for those of you who
already have one of these you know that
this hose in attachment comes with your
fast ferment so it's not like you got to
buy something separate the ball comes
off the attachment goes
on the hose goes into my jug I love this
process I've already removed the air
lock uh because as soon as you open up
the the valve it's going to suck air
through here now I'll open up the valve
and there
goes my rum right into the bucket now
this rum is already finished I could put
it right into the still and start to run
it but I I'm prefer um I need this empty
so that I can get something else going
uh so I'll just move this to the back
room and let it sit there so in the
meantime while this is empty let me grab
something I want to show you something
that we started working on yesterday and
we're we're really really proud of
it now here we have some clove honey and
I had a whole bunch of Honey left over
and it started to crystallize and I knew
that I couldn't it it wouldn't make any
sense for me to try to un crystallize it
or or mix it back up cuz you just really
can't get it to to fully liquify after
that and it crystallizes because a
little bit of oxygen gets in there and
it settles and honey will do that but
the honey is still good I couldn't sell
it and I wasn't going to throw it away
so I thought I'd ferment
it odd well I actually had about four
gallons of it and almost 3/4 of it had
crystallized so I wound up with three
five gallon jugs like this filled up to
about here with uh pure honey and I
added the remainder of water and then
that brought it to
1.95 on the gravity scale uh which was
pretty impressive and I want to show you
this cuz you can see the activity here
and if you can see close enough um let
me see if I can't zoom in some if if you
look at
this the whoops there we
go you can actually see the yeast moving
around all by himself you can hear it
bubbling but the yeast are starting to
move all around I find it really
fascinating because this is like Life In
Action that you have had a an
opportunity to have a hand at you didn't
create it but you've given
it every opportunity to flourish and you
get to sit back and watch it so it's
it's moving around and it's consuming
all of those sugars and this is going to
take a while because the the of course
the gravity is so high and is such a
very very viscous medium to to ferment
it'll take probably about 3 weeks or so
before this finishes so we'll get back
to you by the end of that and I've got
like I said about 15 gallons of that so
I got to figure out something to do with
it h go
figure yeah yeah I'm actually kind of
looking around right now to see to make
sure that there's nothing in the way cuz
I was going to show you something I got
something to demonstrate but I do have a
clean fast ferment now so that's that's
available for later I'll move that out
of the way and my rum is down here in my
jug and we've already shown you the
honey that's over there I'm just going
to leave that sitting on the counter for
now but you know this those hoses uh
that you get and you use a hose to
transfer with and it's you know it's got
all these spots that get all inside it
and it's really hard to keep clean I'll
show you something and this this is
relatively simple to do but I was
surprised how many people didn't know
this but once you clean it out and all
you got to do is really rinse it good
with hot water on the inside spray hot
water through it if you can or run hot
water through it and then find you a
place that's kind of safe and you you
don't knock anything over and then use
centrifugal force and give it a whirl
and what that'll do is you just don't
want to knock anything
over
there and you'll notice that all the
water will just about evaporate
completely out of that and you've got
syrial Force causing all that water to
shoot out of your uh of your hose and it
won't leave all of them spots and uh
make you mad as hell next time you pick
it up cuz you figured you didn't and you
did clean it good cuz yeah you know when
you get them they're real nice and clean
they're see-through and then after you
use them one time they're not well
that's why so Hey listen until we see
you next time like us on Facebook uh
check us out we're going to work on the
website I'm committed to that we're
going to work on the website at some
point in time uh but I really enjoy
doing the videos we love serving the
community give us a call 254 6811 1760
you know the number
happy to stilling