all right I'll take it from here thanks
oh wait hang so I have a lot of plasma
cutting to I going have to cut a lot of
straight lines on this uh piece of metal
here so what I was doing was what pretty
much anyone would do here's my
measurement Plus my/ in um you know for
the tool so I need 4 in strips this is 4
and 1/2 in I line that up with the edge
take my straight edge and I put it there
and I clamp it
down I remove my chalk and then I have a
nice straight line to cut and then when
I'm done cutting I unclamp it I move the
work forward I set it up all again and I
have to do um I think I measured out 130
strips I have to cut like this uh so
that was just taking way too
long this is one of the reasons why I
take on jobs like this that
are big and comfor some because it
forces you to think so I have this piece
of
plywood just a piece of scrap I actually
used this this is the piece of plywood I
used to measure my my distance of my
fence on my skill saw when I'm cutting
straight lines so I would put this down
then my straight edge and then clamp it
um and what I just did is I just put a
bunch of really strong magnets in the
bottom of it so
now I'm ready to cut I mean if I push
really hard on it sure I'm going to move
it but I don't have to with a plasma
cutter so put put that in place cut move
it to the next one I'll demonstrate