2008 smart car we walk you through the
process of changing your front brake
pads and rotors
I'm Brian Essen from how to automotive
we're going to get started so we're
going to get started by removing the
caliper bolts here and here so after
removing the two 13 millimeters hold on
the caliper you're just going to flip it
out of your way and you're going to take
off the change here there's two bolts on
the back so you'll remove the two 18
millimeter bolts and remove the cage and
brake pads now that we have the cage off
the next step is to remove the radiator
rotor so we're going to remove the looks
like a t27 Torx here remove the torque
and then the rotor should come off
actually that was a t30 anyways the best
way I found to get that off is to use a
impact screwdriver like so so you put
that in the in the bolt and you could
smack the end of this with the hammer
and never in it has a little mechanism
here that helps pop it free so after
they get through the bolt free then you
want to remove the rotor and if it
doesn't come off and what you can do is
take a hammer like so and be careful not
to hit the hub lets you see it right
here and watch your toes so now it's
time to put our new rudder on one of the
things you want to do is try not to
touch the surface of the rotor of your
hands and getting dirty grease on it
that's one of the biggest causes for
brick streaks is being greases up on any
cake it burns
then kind of creates like hot spots also
try not to touch the actual surface of
the rotor for the new or the new brake
pads themselves okay when I put this on
I also put on a little bit little dab of
blue loctite thread sealer on the thread
here that prevents this bolt from
backing off and then also going to put
the blue loctite red sealer on the bolts
that went to the cave to California so
before I put this cage on we're going to
take a wire brush and we're going to
clean the surfaces thermo scrub the
surfaces with the wire brush the paint
off a little so that way the brake pads
and new pads slide freely okay now that
our cages torque back down it's time to
put the brake pads on so what we're
going to do is we're going to take a
little bit put the tile seal glide its
brake caliper grease made for brake pads
it reduces it doesn't run off and break
down like heat so you're going to put a
little bit on the back of the pads I'm
sure you don't get any on the front and
then also on the little little right
here where the brake pads slide on on
the caliper housing right here we're
just going to put a little thin and thin
layer of grease there and that'll help
keep everything sliding so now the inner
pad has this little anti not anti but
it's a little rat Winnick the brake pads
wear down they touch this little metal
tab and they create a squeak and that's
how you know when the change of brakes
so if you look at this worn-out one you
see how it's worn right up to it and it
makes a squeak noise so you want to put
that one on the inside and the end the
clip should be on the down on the
downward part of the roof on the inner
pad and the outer pad doesn't have the
clip have the squeaker so
you want to put them on and they just
slide along myself that's it now we need
to press the piston back into your
caliper so to do that I'm going to use a
c-clamp and you just put it all the old
brake pad in there and you run the run
the piston back in you don't have to
open the bleeder screw what happens is
the fluid will push back up into the
master cylinder on this particular car
I've never had a problem with doing that
some cars is not recommended but this
women I haven't had an issue with it yet
so once the piston is fully seated now
you're ready to put the caliper back on
to the caliper cage and pad to assembly
here if you don't have a seat clamp you
can use a large pair of channellocks and
large pair of channellocks will work and
sometimes if they're really stiff you
may have to open the bleeder screw if
you have to open through your school
you'll have to bleed the brake after
you're done if you do it this way you
will not have to bleed the brakes you'll
just have to pump the brake pedal before
before driving so one putting the
calipers back on you just want to level
these little spring tensioners here they
kind of and then you want to slide the
caliper on over like so
and then these little strings will press
up against the inside of the California
and you keep the tension of the pads on
the you know towards the front of the
car so that keeps me battling around
actually b-before require a caliper back
on you want to take these little pins
here on the side and twist and they pull
off you just pull the rubber boot off
and these pull out and then you put a
little grease on here if they need it
you put them back in and slide them and
make sure they have its they slide back
and forth free top and bottom okay put a
little blue loctite on your on your nuts
and then that's here the bolts that go
in you put your caliper on and tighten
the bolts down one thing may happen is
this little pin here may spin especially
after your lubed its lube it up it may
spin when you try to tighten it and
you'll have to use a wrench to back it
up and just hold hold it in place and
then tighten the bolt and snug them down
once you do that now it's time to put
your rear wheels back on and you're done
with the job just before you drive it
though pump your brake pedal if you did
it my way if you open the bleeder screws
you need to bleed the brakes now and I'm
Brian ensign from how to automotive and
like to thank you guys for watching my
videos and remind you to subscribe for
more valuable videos like this and I'd
like to thank you again