hello everyone and Welcome to our Medusa
costume we're going to start with how
you make the snake headband and you're
going to need some 16 gauge wires some
snake print fabric we bought about half
a yard of this because we use it for the
dress too some rhinestones and some
needle and thread and some pins so to
begin cut out a small piece of the snake
Fabric and fold it in half with the good
side
inside and pin it
[Music]
together and then we're going to take
some thread that matches the fabric and
we're going to stitch this simple snake
pattern which looks something like this
so stitch up the one side and the head
kind of in a spoon shape and then cut
your thread and Stitch up the other side
make sure to leave about a 1 in Gap at
the neck and go ahead and cut out your
[Music]
[Music]
shape then take a pencil or some other
similar skinny object and you're going
to use this to flip your entire shape
inside out
next you're going to take your 16 gauge
wire and cut a piece slightly longer
than the size of your
snake and you can go ahead and bend the
end of The Wire so that the sharp edge
doesn't rip your
fabric next take a piece of batting and
we're going to roll it together in a
circular shape and we're going to insert
it into that hole that we left open
where the head would be
you can use your wire to help get that
in
there next take some more batting and
we're going to roll this together into a
snake
shape and using your hot glue we're just
going to attach the one end to the wire
and wrap the batting all the way around
to coat the
wire and when you're done you can go
ahead and glue that into place at the
bottom
and then just simply insert your coated
wire into the
snake make sure that the wire goes into
the head as well when you're doing
[Music]
this and then you can just take your
matching thread and Stitch up that 1in
hole that we left
open now we're just going to put some
rhinestones on it we used hot glue and
just glued two black rhinestones where
the eyes will
go when that's done you're going to make
about five more of them that's what we
recommend two small two medium and two
large next you're going to take your 16
gauge wire and measure around your
head and you're going to cut it with a
little bit
excess and the amount excess that you
cut overlap that with super glue and
glue the ends together we use some
pliers to help us hold it in
place you're going to lay out all of
your snakes um how you think you would
like to place them before you start
securing them we put the smaller ones at
the top and the longer ones at the
bottom and you're just going to undo
that part that you folded
over and refold it and secure it onto
the headband wire
next you're going to pull the fabric
tight over top of the bottom of the wire
and you can just kind of fold one piece
inside the other and take the extra flap
and hot glue it it's okay if this looks
a little bit messy because it's going to
be hidden in your hair this also make
sure that the fabric is tight along the
snake and that it doesn't really bunch
so repeat that process until you have
all of them
on to wear this headpiece you're going
to lift the top portion of your hair
excluding your bangs put the crown over
top and tilted towards the back of your
head you're then going to let the hair
flow over top of this this works best
with curly hair and you can bend and
twist the snakes to blend
in to make the dress take some black
fabric that is 1 and 1/2 times your size
widthwise and tall enough to go from
your shoulder seam to the
ground hold it up to your figure and see
where you would like the waistline to be
and you can fold it in half at this
[Music]
point lay the fabric out on the ground
and make sure that each side is even
using a measuring tape also we use the
matte side of the fabric as the outside
if you're a little
confused next take a strong thread so
that it doesn't break and do a very
loose Stitch all the way across remember
we're not sewing the two pieces together
we're just doing a stitch where the fold
line
is you can then go ahead and gather the
fabric wrap it around your waist and tie
knot in the thread where you would like
the end of the fabric to
be at this point you can temporarily
safety pin it into place while we work
on the top
half Hold the top flap up to your side
and we're going to cut a line down the
side to match the already existing cut
on the one side you can get a friend to
help you with this or if you're not
comfortable feel free to take it off and
cut this line on the floor you'll now
see that we have a front flap and a back
flap carefully cut off the back flap
leaving about 3
in you can tuck this back flap in once
you put the dress on when you're
actually wearing
it now taking the front we're going to
fold it in half to find the
middle and cut a line straight down the
middle you can get a friend to help you
or take it off and do this on the
[Music]
floor you can now either sew these two
pieces together to create a halter or
make straps like we
did to make the back straps we're going
to measure from our shoulder seam to
where you would like the waist to sit
plus a little extra we're going to take
our Snak skin Fabric and cut out the
length that we just measured plus um
about 4 in
wide next we're going to put our good
sides of our fabric down and these are
the front panel with the back strap
strap piece we just cut out you're going
to roll in the sides of
the front panel Fabric and do the same
thing with the little strap pieces we
just cut
[Music]
out next we're going to pin these pieces
together good sides together and you're
going to have to gather the panel Fabric
or the black fabric to fit in the width
of the snakes skin fabric
[Music]
so once you're done Gathering and
pinning it'll look something like this
with the good sides
together you're then just going to
Simply sew along this
line when it's done it'll look like this
when you wear
it now to get rid of our temporary
safety pin we're going to add some ties
so you just going to take some extra
scrap Fabric and sew it to the front
part of the dress and the back part of
the dress along the top waistline where
the fabric
ends if you're not comfortable with the
large slit up the side you can always
sew this together except for about 6 in
from the top and once you close it you
won't be able to see that there is a
small hole
there put on your dress to attach the
back straps
I just got a friend to help me to put
pin them into the right position and at
the right
[Music]
tightness after pinning both straps into
position you can take off the dress we
should have pinned them on the inside so
I'm just fixing that
here and then you're just going to sew
along the top waistband where the strap
meets the
waistband don't worry if it doesn't look
very pretty because we're going to be
covering it with a
belt and repeat this to both
straps to make the belt we just took two
long strips of our snakes skin Fabric
and stitched the ends
together we made our belt longer than we
thought so that it could drape down the
back and we also cut the ends on an
angle so it would hang nicely
[Music]
and go ahead and just tie it in the
back we added a small pin to the front
of the dress so that the belt would
create a point and help it hold
everything
together thanks so much for watching
this video guys we really hope you
enjoyed
it if evil isn't your calling make sure
to check out our greatek goddess costume
that we just filmed
[Music]
hope everyone has a wonderful Halloween
and be sure to check out our Halloween
playlist for all of our other videos