hello I'm gonna show you how to roast
corn on the cob on an open flame it's
very easy this is the corn no husk put
it on ignore any background laughing
noises that you may hear from toddler
but just keep roasting see how it comes
with corn pickin star keep going and in
the meanwhile what I like to do a steak
lemon a wedge of lemon this is the
secret ingredient that most Indians use
fall chat masala you can get it on an
Indian store and it's a powder have that
handy or you could use cayenne pepper
depending on how hot you want things to
rub it on once the corn is done so keep
rotating it so that it gets dark from
all the sides and take a few minutes and
yes it will pop because corn and heat
leads to a lot of popping
I should have roasted one to show you
how to apply the lemon but I forgot so
this is the first one I'm roasting
you'll just have to wait and yes it may
catch fire so just blow it out if you
have a little piece sticking out like
that of the husk but for the most part
it should be okay and then you take a
little piece see how nicely it's
becoming dark dinner getting ready that
was my little guys ignore him
okay so this was pretty much done
there's a little piece here that needs
to be done
see this that needs to be done this
book and you could afford to do this
less i we like it and what's the edge
and if you have any silk leftover from
peeling the husk the circles just burn
off so don't worry about it you take the
lemon and the chaat masala and yes
that's a very sharp knife so we keep it
far any smaller the lemon in the chaat
masala like that and then we take this
and just rub it on see the lemon
squeezes on along with the masala and
you're all done that is your flame
roasted or fire roasted corn on the cob