[Music]
hey everybody this is Dave from cooking
Shar and today we're making up a dish we
came up with last week Italian sausage
casserole it's made up with flavorful
Italian sausages caramelized onions
tomatoes Italian seasoning topped with
mozzarella cheese believe me it's just
bursting with flavor so let's get
started I'm just going to get started
here by adding a bit of olive oil to my
non-stick pan
place my four Italian sausages in and I
just pick these up in the deli section
of my local
supermarket and we're going to fry these
over medium high heat for about 5 or 6
minutes on each
[Music]
side just until you get that nice brown
crust so we'll just set these aside on a
plate
[Music]
now the sausages are fried up I'm going
to add a couple of cloves of garlic to
the same pan and sauté this over medium
high heat for about 30
seconds throw in 2 15 oz cans of diced
[Music]
tomatoes followed by a cup and a half of
water a tablespoon of Italian seasoning
now you can just buy this at the grocery
store or I'll put a link below to our
homemade Italian
seasoning so we'll go ahead and give
this a quick
stir now give it a good seasoning with
some salt freshly ground black pepper
and the amount of salt and pepper really
depends on your
[Music]
liking and we're going to bring this to
a boil after a boil we're going to go
ahead and add in one cup of elbow
[Music]
noodles and simmer this o white safe for
about 9 or 10 minutes just to the point
where they're
Dente while the noodles are simmering
I'm going to go ahead and take my
Italian sausage and slice it into
bit-sized chunks and I usually go
diagonally just for that nice visual
[Music]
effect okay now the noodles are done I'm
going to go ahead and add in the
caramelized onions that I made up last
night and of course there's a recipe for
this coming soon
followed by the ever so Savory and
delicious Italian
sausages once you've done that go ahead
and transfer to the casserole
[Music]
dish then add the mozzarella cheese over
the top and I'm using about a cup here
you can use more but I like that nice
marbling effect where you've got the
yellow and the red showing through
[Music]
and we're going to pop this into a 350°
preheated oven for about 20 to 25
minutes just until the cheese is nicely
melted after 25 minutes the cheese is
nicely melted and this smells absolutely
delicious and doesn't this look
terrific sprinkle some parsley flakes
over the top and you're ready to
[Music]
serve and there you have it our
full-bodied Savory and delicious Italian
sausage casserole a great family dish
for the
weekends head on over to cooking
chair.com for this dish and many more
recipes don't forget to click the
Subscribe and like our videos thanks for
watching and see you next time
[Music]