hi guys so today's video is my beginner
your screen smoothing video I know it's
been a really long time since I said I
would upload this but better late than
never so let's just jump right into the
video there's basically three steps that
you need to follow to make any green
smoothie especially if you're a beginner
you really want to stick with these
three steps there's an additional fourth
or bonus step that I like to add in and
I will get into that as well the basic
formula behind making a green smoothie
is that you want to fill up your cup or
your blender halfway with fruits and
then halfway with greens and then you
want to fill the whole cup up with a
liquid base of your choice in this video
I'm going to give you guys multiple
options for each you can also use other
ingredients that I don't mention in this
video so feel free to venture out and
explore step number one is to pick a
green I personally like using spinach or
kale kale is kind of strong and harsh
especially if you're a beginner you're
really not going to like it however be
rest assured that whatever fruit you're
using will help mask any of the greens
taste that you don't like step number
two is to pick a fruit I personally love
mangos and apples and bananas those are
my favorites add in to my green
smoothies but feel free to add any fruit
of your liking to your smoothie step
number three is to pick a liquid base I
love adding filtered water or coconut
water to my smoothies however you can
also add freshly squeezed juice that is
not store-bought you can add any kind of
nut milk so like almond milk you can add
that into your smoothie as well step
number four happens to be a bonus step
that will help add nutritional value to
your smoothie as a whole your smoothie
already has enough a nutritional value
as it is however I personally like to
you know boost it up a little bit more
by adding one of the following boosters
I love adding flax seeds chia seeds
coconut oil or even protein powder
especially if it's after workout feel
free to use any of the ingredients that
I have that listed up on the screen or
you can even you know
a little bit and add any of your own
ingredients that you feel like have
added nutritional value for your
smoothie so once you have all of that
put together basically all you're going
to do is blend and that is how you make
a green smoothie there's no rocket
science behind it it's not hard at all
especially if you're a beginner you
really want to stick with the formula of
half greens half fruits and then a
liquid base you can also added the
booster if you want but that's really
going to help you know evolve your taste
buds over time so that you can start
adding more greens and less fruit to it
right now I have a ratio of about 3/4
greens and one-quarter fruit in my
smoothies and I have two of those a day
but if you're a beginner I would
recommend having one green smoothie a
day I would not use it as a meal
replacement just incorporate it into
your diet and you will start to reap in
the benefit and you'll notice
differences within a week I personally
noticed differences within one week in
my skin and my overall health and if you
want to know more about that I have a
full blog post on this with all the
benefits that I experienced a little
backstory about me so feel free to check
out my blog if you want more information
and all these tips will also be listed
on there if you have any questions
comments or concerns then leave them
down below like always and I will get
back to you guys hopefully you guys
enjoyed this video bye you're going to
need 1 banana some flax seeds frozen
mangos you can also use regular mangoes
spinach some water
and a blender or juicer whatever you
prefer using place the heavier fruits
first so that they weigh down the rest
of the contents in the cup fill it
halfway with fruit then place your
booster so 2 tablespoons of flax seeds
and then fill the rest with spinach 2
handfuls of spinach next fill it up with
water place the cover on it securely and
then just blend away pour it into a cup
look at how green that looks it just
looks delicious
and drink it up that's all there is to
it be sure to thumbs up this video if
you want to see my detox smoothie recipe
and I'll see you guys in the next one
bye