hi everyone danny here with terrific
planner again welcome back to my channel
today i'm going to be sharing with you
guys a soup recipe it is my orzo my
chicken orzo soup or is there chicken
soup i think its orders of chicken soup
so yeah that's what i'm sharing with you
guys today it's the recipe to it and how
i make it so i hope you guys enjoy this
video
this is chicken orzo soup this is a
really easy and fast soup to make but
this is what you're gonna need here
you're gonna need three celery stalks
and then you're also going to need four
carrots you're gonna need some olive oil
you're going to need some orzo and
you're gonna need about a cup and a half
of the orzo and I leave this one here
from Trader Joe's but you can use any
kind that you find then you're going to
need eight cups possibly a little bit
more depending on how much liquid you
like in your soup chicken stock each one
of these contains four cups so I have
two of these curtains and then you're
gonna need some chicken okay so as I
said before this should only take a few
minutes it doesn't take that long to
make this super should take you no more
than 15 minutes but you just get a
little bit of your oil pour it in and I
have about that much in there I never
really measure my oil I don't put that
much in but I would say about a
tablespoon and a half tablespoon two
tablespoon and a half then you turn your
soup pot on and you let that heat up now
I have it in medium heat so that's what
we're gonna start with once it heats up
a little we're gonna put in our
vegetables okay so our oil is heated now
we're gonna go ahead and put our
vegetables in all that in there
and our carrots is a little
[Music]
and we will let that cook up for a bit
here
now you want this to cook the vegetables
but it'll be anywhere from five to seven
minutes depends on how you like them
just to bring out the flavor
[Music]
so I will let this hook up a bit and
then I'll come back to show you the next
step
all right so our next step is adding our
chicken our chicken stock or if you
don't have chicken stock you can use a
water and then you just add own you know
salt pepper and some seasonings to it
but I have chicken stock so okay so this
is 8 cups and like I mentioned you guys
can add anything else to it onions or
you make it work for your family here
this works for us
right now especially since I can't have
onions and garlic right now and rather
than making double batch it's better for
me to just do this so there is our
liquid okay so now my heat is up to
medium-high and that so that's gonna
come up to a boil once it comes up to a
boil I will add my pasta and then the
chicken and then the soup is done all
right so now that you can see here our
liquid is boiling so I'm going to add a
cup and a half of the orzo in and then
we'll give it a nice little stir again
and at this point I think I'm also going
to add a tad bit of salt now I have pink
Himalayan salt have this big container
here and not adding much just two
pinches of salt
and we're gonna let this cook for about
five minutes and then we'll add our
chicken and that'll be it for our soup
alright so we're back up to a boil our
pasta has been cooking for about five
minutes now I'm just gonna put this
chicken that I mentioned before it's
already precooked it's a rotisserie
chicken this is just a chicken breast
that I took off of the chicken that we
had left over and it goes and another
good stir and then we'll just let it
simmer again for a bit and we will have
soup ready to eat for our lunch
all right and just like that our soup is
done
there's orzo and chicken throughout now
I'm gonna put some in a bowl here nice
get a little more liquid here and there
you go chicken orzo soup so there it is
a nice bowl of chicken orzo soup you can
serve this with bread stick garlic nuts
a side salad we're just gonna have it
like this and we're having a late lunch
today so something light so we can
actually get our dinner afterwards as
well okay guys that was the video I hope
you guys enjoyed it please subscribe if
you haven't done so already I would
really appreciate it and don't forget to
click the little bell it'll notify you
each and every single time that I post a
new video I'll see you in the next one
bye