borned moonshine hi I'm the moonshiner
in this tutorial I'm gonna show you how
to make a rum wash things you're going
to need some standard kit rarely on any
home brew shop online you're going to
need a twenty five liter five point five
gallon fermenting top with a little
bubble stock you're also going to need a
large mixing spoon you can leave an
airlock to extend it it's really kind of
spirit lager wine infinitely Crucible
wash you're going to need some natural
unrefined cane sugar brown sugar you get
this from any supermarket I need to pop
and start you can get that anywhere that
the only five five to four to five kilos
of that really that's what up the main
ingredient is molasses this is pure cane
molasses it's a unsalted molasses you're
gonna need three liters of this and
again you can get this from any health
food shop some supermarkets Alec you get
online on eBay and Amazon I've seen this
this is a very really in one you get
these everywhere really you're also
going to need a thermometer you can lead
some still spirits classic turbo yeast
this is a good little Jesus you're going
to need some turbo carbon again still
spirits and get this online any home
brew shop that will sell this and you're
also going to need some turbo clear this
will separate all the turbo carbon water
into that later so there are things
you're going to need once you've got all
that we're going to move into the
bathroom but it's a bit more tire you in
there just to get a little spirit
economy floor will do it the bath over
there now
okay with the bathroom now what we do
now I so with Quinn the bathroom because
it's just a lot easy to do this in the
air it's a lot more cream honey
spillages you're screwed with my bath
just a lot easier really so we're gonna
start with we're gonna start getting the
water tension I over but I'm Tom cotton
Carl mix it up so which returned them
all and what you want to do you want
go in for about 30 degrees like I said
this is where y'all Lawrence is going to
come in just go to Omaha trap off stick
the probe in the top wait for it to
creep up to about 30 degrees so this
amount of sugar with this amount of
molasses 30 degrees is the optimal
temperature to exciting and the yeast
yeast to work and activate the middle
study in the sugars and sweating out the
alcohol so I'm just going to wait to get
this up to a constant temperature
it's not up to the exactly 30 degrees 31
30 soon online forget who the miracle
Norco
we're going to 31 so that's it comes to
the first one degrees
that's our deal where you take your soul
starts up a little raw so looking like a
brown sugar
we're going to hold faulty line as a
brown sugar in this
plus one
okay that's all for one kilo bags of
sugar in the water
now we'll do I don't like this we have
three liters at least you can see it
five people
the problem is that the glass jars you
can get these in plastic plastic tools
as well I'm going to top the jar off a
bit of water put the lid on give it a
shake
obviously by the state my back look
without ears and do it in the back
trying to get all that molasses in
because that's your flavor that's that's
traditionally that the blackstrap
molasses is where your room gonna come
from that's going to get it all the
flavor
okay that's an icon and you can see
that's all any gum we're going to add
the other two jars now you can
experiment as well the different types
of molasses there's a looks like this is
a sugar cane molasses you can get a
blackstrap molasses there's is a you can
get different on soul food soul food I
think there's a faculty kind of Fame
molasses or maybe something this place
to be like a low low fat low sugar job
you know just try it try different
things because that's how you get all
the different types of rooms it's just
different types of glasses together try
different types of brown sugar there's
lots of varieties out there and just
experiment with different things try
this way see what you think
this comes out a bit like the caddy like
a white away a white wrong
can see this on the camera and about
less it makes
it's the best thing about it you
buttered pleasingly
just chocolate now
there we go top that out now it's 25
liters like so is 5.5 these five oh five
oh five going real what we doing now I'm
going to just give this a good stare
because you want all the sugar all the
molasses and all water to mix up so you
can clean any solid parts in the body
fall asleep probably mixed together
if you don't mix it you just going to
waste your time because there's going to
be big foot thick pulse of sugar
molasses at the bottom but the yeast
think that'll be a sweet penetrance when
it all makes something to a nice watery
solution just while I'm doing this there
isn't other videos on my youtube channel
do a vodka and we're going to do another
spirit soon so this is a wrong if you
fancy doing a vodka you just trouble
YouTube channel right we'll see the
other ones okay
that's fully dissolved what we're going
to do now is we're going to run our
still spirits classic a turbo yeast so
much sugar saving the last this make
sure it's fully mixed in you know what
any just come to me because it's no
point you're wasting your time it all
fully mixed in and fully submerged in
your wash
okay solid the other thing we're going
to use on this this watch reviews this
as well as another still spirits product
which is turn about carbon what this is
going to do this is going to back this
sort of purify and filter out 90% of the
impurities in this wash that you don't
really want to be still you're going to
make a rumble of vodka
things like we're trying because much of
the out as you can later I'm not in
another video will show you how to
separate your engine the turbo clear to
pack solution that's on another video on
the YouTube channel shows you how to do
all that but the purpose this video I'm
just going to wrap the turbot and crab
and now same again you've gotta make
sure it's all funny look so nobody puts
anything like that this big does get
messy if you get this on your floor oh
it's just black carbon
it's going to go in there just like you
will having at your fish pond in the
filtration system just close out any
kind of impurities where it's the same
way is in little making this healthy
enough you get things online and your
home British I'll see them in department
stores and supermarkets now we give you
go on steel spirits calm type your
postcode Neil tell your alien era
stories okay that's it so just to recap
this one we've got four kilos the brown
sugar three liters of pure hundred
percent on sulphate molasses at turbo
carbon tip turbo yeast both still split
products and they twenty twenty twenty
two liters of thirty degree water
okay forget that I'm really going to
stir it now what I do we're going to put
the lid on the top regard our little
aerator this obviously let's count the
dioxide out which is a bad product to
the fermentation process but it also
stops and you kind of unwanted particles
insects anything like that get it in a
little bit of water and that's going to
go in the top this is going to talk
about then we think 7 to 14 days to
permit to be honest just keep your ID
after seven days once the bubbling start
fermentation process is over so relieved
that on one side and what you do if you
check out one of the other videos a lot
of the yelling your seat pack to the
vodka wash is exactly the same process
part 2 3 & 4 of the vodka how to make
the vodka is exactly the same process as
this so if you check them out and you
guys find out what the next step of this
is so if you subscribe to my channel I
hope you like what you see I'll see you
on the next on church bye hi I'm the
moonshiner and if you enjoyed today's
tutorial please press the red subscribe
button below for more hints tips and
videos on everything to do with
moonshine keep it shiny Hey I was born
the moonshine