[Music]
congratulations on making a very smart
decision you chose expert chemicals
composite deck cleaner and enhancer the
most effective longest lasting cleaner
for composite deck surfaces taking time
to watch this instructional program is
smart too your composite deck cleaner
and enhancer can remove dingy mold and
mildew and keep it away for up to a year
but for Quality results you must follow
the simple instructions basically you'll
just soak brush and soak again it's that
simple but there are some other
important steps and we'll explain them
in this video composite deck cleaner and
enhancer is so powerful it practically
does the work for you your deck will be
restored to a beautiful like new
[Music]
appearance as with with any powerful
cleaning agent you must follow safe
handling procedures when working with
expert chemical composite deck cleaner
be sure to read the safety instructions
printed on the product container before
you begin follow the instructions
carefully as you work before you start
to clean measure your deck to make sure
you have enough product to complete the
application generally one gallon will
clean 100 square ft of deck surface also
you'll need to consider the weather on
the day you choose to clean your deck
only use the product when temperatures
are between 40 and 85Â° F and no rain is
expected if possible avoid applying the
product in direct sunlight cool cloudy
days are
best protect nearby flowers and
vegetation by spraying with water and
covering with a plastic sheet keep pets
and small children away from the deck
until cleaning is finished and the deck
is completely dry composite deck cleaner
is available in one or five gallon
containers or in these handy three or
four gallon kits the kits contain most
of the items you'll need a plastic pump
spray bottle that's new and clean a
long-handled scrub brush rubber gloves
and splash proof safety goggles in
addition you'll need a broom with
synthetic bristles a plastic bucket and
a garden hose a squeegee is
optional a pressure washer is also
optional if you do use one be sure it's
set on low pressure and maintain a
distance of at least 12 in from the deck
surface do not use metal containers with
this
product if you're using a kit the
components of the pump spray bottle can
be easily assembled by following the
directions on the box the pieces of the
scrub brush will thread together as you
see
here expert chemicals composite deck
cleaner and enhancer is very powerful
but lengthy or improper storage will
cause it to become stale and lose all
Effectiveness here's a simple test to
determine if the product is fresh just
pour a small amount of cleaner into a
clear glass container if the liquid
appears transparent with a yellow tint
it's fresh and good to use if it appears
milky the cleaner has expired and will
not clean properly if you must delay
your cleaning make sure the product is
capped tightly and stored in a cool dry
dark place for not more than 30 5 days
another important preliminary is a test
patch before applying the product to
your entire deck test it on a small
inconspicuous
[Music]
area on cleaning day remove all
furniture from the deck sweep away any
dirt and debris and make sure the deck
surf is completely dry as we mentioned
earlier cleaning is a three-step process
those steps are soak brush and soak
again when you soak use the Cleaner full
strength there's no mixing
necessary just pour a gallon of product
into the pump spray bottle and apply it
to the deck drips can cause streaking
and staining to avoid this you should
always apply the cleaner from the bottom
or ground up we recommend that you start
with any lower vertical surfaces or
steps then do the deck flooring then
vertical railings elevated benches upper
steps and so on soak the deck completely
using a generous amount of cleaner for
larger decks it may be easier to work in
sections it's easy work but be careful
not to miss any
places after the first soak application
is complete take a break allow the
solution to soak into the deck for 20 or
30 minutes if it evaporates or dries
within that time it's not a
problem the full strength cleaner has
now killed the mold and mildew and step
two requires a little brushing mix a
solution of one cup of cleaner per
gallon of cold
water using the long handled brush
agitate the deck Sur surface this will
loosen the mold spores again work from
bottom to top you don't have to press
hard or scour just rub until the
solution starts to foam the idea here is
simply to let the bristles rub the roots
of the mold and mildew off the decking
material when you're finished rinse with
clean water guess what time it is now
time to take another break let the deck
dry again before moving on to step three
to speed the drying process you can use
a squeegee or a leaf blower to remove
standing
[Music]
water when the deck is completely dry it
may look totally clean but do not stop
it's important to perform step three
which is Soak again here's why in steps
one and two the cleaner kills
approximately 95% of the mold and Mill
do but 5% remains within days that
remaining 5% will begin to grow and it
could become visible again in several
weeks step three is the same as step one
soak the deck surface with full strength
cleaner this will help keep mold from
returning for up to a full year as
mentioned before work from bottom to top
again allow the deck surface to dry
after it's dried you may notice some
gritty residue it's harmless simply
sweep or rinse it
away now you can remove your protective
coverings rinse your tools with clean
water and discard your rubber gloves
your work is finished put the furniture
back in place and enjoy outdoor living
on your beautiful sparkling clean deck
thanks for purchasing expert chemical
debt cleaner and
enhancer if you have any questions or
comments please contact our in-house
cleaning experts by email regular mail
or call toll-free to learn more about
the complete line of expert chemical
products visit our website if you're not
online call or write for a free catalog
again thank you