hello everyone welcome to with heart
having flowers in my home is one of my
favorite design elements but keeping
fresh flowers in my home is not always
the most practical or the most
economical so today I'm going to be
showing you how to create a faux flower
arrangement this permanent
I picked up these big beautiful flowers
at my local craft store and I had a
coupon for them so I got them for even
less they were $5.99 each and I think I
had a 20% off coupon so now I'm just
going to figure out how I want my
flowers in my vase a little bit to top
so now I'm just like has a little bit
more you'll have really strong fingers
after this now it looks like it's about
the right height for the look that I'm
going for
I finished arranging my flowers how I
think they're going to go most likely in
my vase so I'm going to take them out in
my face and now I'm going to use
something called quick water or craft
water so this is simulated water so it
looks like water in a vase but it's hard
and it's solid so it holds your flower
arrangement in place you don't have to
switch out the water and it's something
it's a permanent fixture in your home to
mix it together you have to mix it in a
plastic container so in this case I'm
just going to use a plastic cup and a
plastic spoon and it comes with these
two mixtures one's called Part A one's
called Part B and you basically mix
equal parts of a and B you want to make
sure to scrape the sides and the bottom
just really mix it together well it's
all finished it's all clear now I'm
going to pour it into my vase and you
just want to be careful when you're
pouring to not splash as much as
possible
you just want to pour it really slowly
now it's time to start arranging my
flower
the trick with this stuff is that the
longer it sits here the harder it gets
you have about one hour before it's
solid and you're probably not going to
be moving it anymore so full hour to
check on it and arrange it and move it
exactly how you want and there you go in
just a couple of minutes I have a
beautiful floral arrangement that could
sit on my countertop or maybe on my
kitchen table or even on the coffee
table thank you so much for watching
have a great day