here's how to replace the brake pads on
a Subaru Impreza this is just the pad
replacement and we're not replacing the
rotors it's real easy so there's a bolt
here and then there's a corresponding
bolt down here you loosen this one up
take this one out completely swing it up
pop the pads out pop new ones in all
right so I loosen up the top one with
the 14 millimeter wrench and then the
bottom one down here I'm going to take
all the way out this bolt so removing
the bottom bolt allows you to swing this
out and just remove the brake pads easy
like this ah there you go then you just
replace them alright so with the brake
pads removed and the caliper swung up
now we're going to use C clamp and a
piece of wood so we'll put a piece of
wood over these and and then use the C
clamp to press it down to push them back
to make enough room for the new brake
pads and then under the hood you want to
make sure you've kind of opened up the
lid you don't have to take the lid all
the way off but just open the lid loose
so the air can come out
and if you've got too much brake fluid
in the tank under the hood then it may
overflow you just crank it down and that
will press the piston in to make room
for your brake pads you can see ones
going in and the other one isn't so I'm
going to do the other one next you can
see that one's deeply in there now this
is a good time to clean this off too and
paint it red or put a Brembo sticker on
it or mine we painted blue to make
people know that I'm an illegal street
racer and I have street cred because I
have blue brakes now the pads are not
identical though you'll get two pads
that have this wing wing on them
that's a squeaking device so that one
goes on the back of the wheel and when
the pad wears down then this is going to
grind on the rotor and cause a screaming
squealing sound so you know you need new
brake pads and then this one goes on the
wheel side you don't wanna put this one
on the wheel side because it might whack
against your wheel so those just slide
in here it's the back one make sure that
are flat against the rotor that's the
front one then you may need to slide the
caliper towards you or away from you two
to get it in the right position to cover
your brakes it'll just go right over
like that you might need to push the
piston in down at the bottom here to get
it to to get it to line up it's in Park
but you can see that it moves which
means they're not too tightly clamped on
there and they'll adjust themselves once
I start driving and then put this bolt
back on the bottom here and then after
you tighten the bottom bolt make sure
you remember to tighten the top one here
and then put your wheel back on and
you're done
a