you
the digital
quite simply some people might think of
it as a rebranding of the old PR or per
rectum
nation and it's the examination that
involves a digit or finger into the
rectum two main reasons that a
d-r-e is done main clinical reasons
firstly in the one I won't be focusing
on as much today is for various
gastrointestinal symptoms although on
that note it's a really good idea to
have a quick feel of the prostate gland
when a mans having an examination for GI
symptoms firstly because it would be a
shame to miss the opportunity to feel a
suspicious prostate gland secondly
obviously it helps us get familiar with
the various sizes of prostate glands
that we might feel and thirdly if that
gentleman does later present with your
only tract symptoms well he's already
had the prostate examination but that's
obviously the the main calls that I'll
be talking about today for having the
examination done let's have the prostate
examined and we should be able to get a
fairly good feel of the size and surface
of the prostate gland well mr. Jones
first of all of his okay as I said I'm
just gonna examine your tummy first okay
so today because all right if you just
lower your trousers down a little bit
and and pull your shirt up and this is
just so I can see if I can feel your
bladder at all okay thank you
all right that's fine right analogous
tap as a while to see if I can hear it
that's fine right and as I said before
and now I'm just gonna have a quick look
at your penis clip see that's where you
pee through okay just a quick look there
that all seems okay right and now the
prostate as I said so to do this first
I'll need you to roll over onto your
left side if he would so you end up
facing the wall great and as you're
doing that sit bring your knees so
they're really tucked up into your chest
chin down it has wonderful tucked up and
a ball
you
my finger so make it slightly easy for
you and now they're all ready to go so
I'll go nice and slowly if you're able
just to push gently against my finger
and make it slightly easy for you and it
was easy for me to say but try relax
those muscles a bit okay that's as far
as we need to go so I'm just gonna feel
around the rest of your bottom there and
now I will press forward gently onto
your prostate gland as I say that might
make you feel like you need a peeler
like nice long I'm just feeling all over
the prostate gland there that feels fine
no nasty lumps or bumps or anything
there and that's it so I'll just come
out nice and slowly and we're done just
watch something that jello for you and
test you there if you need it I'll just
go and get my gloves off you get
yourself together and we can have a chat
okay
for the forced maneuver the patient
takes a deep breath in to maximal
inspiration pauses briefly and then
breeze out as hard and as long as they
can and it's a good idea to encourage
them all the way keep going keep going