okay friends so if you follow me on
Instagram you know I made ox tails today
and everybody was asking me how did I
make them so they already it's been
about like that no it's been eight hours
later they were cooked in a crock pot it
was my very first time but my friend
gave me the recipe
I made greens and rice that also made
sweet potatoes but they don't fit on the
plate so they didn't make the cut but
I'll show you them if you want to see
them so I'm going to tell you guys how I
made the oxtails and everything that I
used again my friend gave me this recipe
and I will tell you they felt like the
bone there was a bomb and they fell off
so they are super tender and they are
really good because I already tried them
and I'm gonna be very honest and my
taste test and we'll do that at the end
but let me show you how me so I cooked
them on high in the crock pot and I'll
insert a picture at the end which is the
same picture as my thumbnail of the meat
and everything that the Ox tells that I
purchased I purchased them at my local
grocery store here in Texas its h-e-b
not everybody has a chibi but you can
use ox tails from any store alright so I
picked up some Kitchen Bouquet it's a
Browning it makes it gravy I should have
put more of this but I added it late
because I couldn't find it at the store
the first time so I had to go back and
buy it I used one pack of the Lipton
onion soup I used one of these beef
cubes right here I also added a bell
pepper the whole bell pepper I cut it up
and I add it and I used about a half of
onion and I cut it up and I added it so
the very first thing that my friend told
me to do oh I also bought beef stock our
beef broth again it's in the picture I
used that whole carton of the beef broth
so the very first thing that she told me
to do was to rinse off the oxtail
obviously always rinse her meat but she
told me to soak it in vinegar or either
salt water I didn't do that just because
I was afraid of it being super salty so
I just soaked it in regular water for
like five minutes
and after I cleaned them really good
trying to get some of the grease out she
says it makes it have less grease when
you cook it but it's okay you know I
think that's up to each person how they
want to do that part after that I put
them in the crock-pot which is right
here
I put the meat in there and then I added
seasoned salt and garlic powder and then
I picked them up and I flipped him over
and I added some more seasoned salt and
garlic powder so after that I added the
what do you call it the beef broth the
entire carton of it the one that I
purchased I poured the entire thing in
there after I poured that in there and
then I took one of these cubes and I
actually broke it into like three or
four pieces just the one Q and then I
put it in the crock pot in like
different sections so that it got
everywhere now this I didn't ask her how
much I was supposed to put in there but
I think you should probably put as much
as you want I don't know the
measurements I just added like for cat
folds but you definitely probably want
to add more okay so after I added all of
that I added the bell pepper as well as
the onion and then I just cooked it on
high for eight hours so I'm a person
that does not like to stand in the
kitchen and cook a lot of people on
Instagram or saying oh if you have a
pressure cooker and do this and do that
I don't want to do that I don't care if
we eat late because we do eat late in my
house but the thing is is like if you're
a working person like me or you're busy
on the weekends you want to throw
something in the crock-pot early in the
morning and then have it done later and
you don't have to stand over it and cook
this is your way if you want to eat
faster then you can do it the way that
other people will tell you to do it's up
to you and your likings but this is how
I did it
and I am very happy with the way that it
turned out I didn't check on it and I
started a couple of times but you
definitely don't have to like if you
leave to go to work and cook it on high
I think it will be just fine because I
was in and off the house couponing all
day and it came out perfect so again
this is all of the seasonings that I
used and don't forget the beef broth and
don't forget the onion and the bell
pepper this was super easy I use two
packs of ox tails that fit in this crock
pot actually bought this crock pot
yesterday at Walmart it was 1999 it's
pretty big excuse me I used I cashed out
$25 that I bought a with I bought it to
buy it so that was perfect I really
didn't have to come out of pocket for me
I'm so sorry I keep burping but yeah so
on the plate I have glory greens they
were in a can soup they are so good if
you've never had glory greens I would
definitely recommend trying it and I'm
so happy with the turnout of these ock
tells I can definitely tell you that I'm
gonna make them again and I'm a person I
can follow a recipe really good and it
will turn out so I'm sure the next time
I make them they will come out even
better like I said I could have added
more of this and made like the gravy a
little bit thicker and it just so
happened like my cousin made ox tails
for the very first time today as well
and then one of my friends was making it
so it was just funny that we all ended
up making this today but yeah so I hope
this is helpful for anybody that did not
know the recipe if you have any more
questions just leave it in the comments
and now we're going to do the taste test
and I'll let you look at it again so
that the UM if I open this it's gonna be
the steam is gonna come that's why I
don't want to open it because it's gonna
fog up the lens and you won't be able to
see anything but I'll let y'all look at
the meat again
so hold on oh I forgot to show you all
my sweet potatoes I do not eat sweet
potatoes out of a can at all ever
them I cut them up for me these take
about two hours and the reason why is
because I like them to be super tender
and super sweet so what I do is I boil
water this is actually two big sweet
potatoes in this camp I mean in this pot
I boil the water and then I cut them up
in cubes and I throw them in there when
I feel like they are not super soft but
enough to where the fork can like touch
it not break it fully but just kind of
go through it a little bit then I drain
the water I pour a ton of sugar on there
and I add about a stick of butter so you
can see that on there like that it just
makes it a really good glaze I don't
actually add marshmallows I don't add
brown sugar I use plain white sugar and
a stick of like Bluebonnet butter and I
break the butter up into different
pieces and then I put it put the top
back on it and then I just let it cook
on low I like for mine to cook for a
stew for a long time just because I feel
like they just taste better but it's
gonna be to your liking how you make
sweet potatoes I'm picky I don't eat
everybody sweet potatoes if it's
Thanksgiving I take my own and I do not
ever eat them and it can endure but yeah
that's how I make this week to just
they're gonna go on the plate totally a
different plate with Leon feet
yes or no is it good
yeah Wever time for my first don't do me
for my first timer is it good good no
you said for your first turn is your
first all right
yes it is but if it was my second time
would it be just as good me saying was
good so then say where would you bring
me out of a teen and be honest you give
me your teeth you're not saying that to
be nice I know you might cuz you
brutally honest okay that's the second
baby I hate when you say that you always
say it's not bad like but is it good or
is it if you would say restaurant would
you order no don't lie
I'll get you yelling oh good good thank
you
so I gave you ten out of ten you said I
got a ten
this is my plate I only hit a little bit
cuz I've been eating the whole time I've
been cooking I was picking at the food
but it's good that's the recipe if y'all
make it let me know shout out to my
friend Marcy all the way in Florida who
taught me step by step what to do
alright that's it guys thank you so much
for watching I love you to the moon and
back and I'll see in the next video
please
hmm I would not put him on camera for
those of you who want to know knew he is
a secret is Nick my mystery my friend
came to eat my food