how do y'all stem from Texans back at it
again with another video for this week's
video y'all pretty much know I live in
Texas and it's really really hot right
now as y'all can see it's currently 90
degrees outside and it's just gonna be
going up from here so there's this
theory going on right now since it is
summer it's like the hottest time of the
year that you can actually bake cookies
on your car dashboard if that makes
sense so we're gonna be testing that out
and then follow me along as we go and
buy some cookie batter right now
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
hey guys voter cookies from HIV I'm
about to go back home and see if this
theory work so I wanted to hop in right
here guys cuz I really forgot to mention
that you're gonna need wetting sheet
waxy paper I don't know what you call
this yeah you're gonna want to place
that before you put the cookie dough
just so it won't mess up your pan or
your car and look how delicious that
looks
Wow they are a beauty anyways you're
gonna want to put them in a line whoa
you should do it zig zag I know here I
did it in the line but then a clip will
show you that I actually moved them and
I actually only did nine because I don't
know how they're gonna turn out so as
you can see it's really really hot
already this is crazy I think it's gonna
work so step number one we ever put the
cookies as y'all saw but we're gonna
have to put a blanket on the dashboard
just to make sure that it doesn't like
melt or something I don't know I read it
online it said just to be careful cuz if
you do try this at home
it's on my fault if your card burns or
something burns so just letting y'all
know it's really really hot already like
it's burning my finger
technical difficulties what do I do
I don't know find a smaller pan we don't
have one we found a solution
so we're gonna have to wait about five
to seven hours as long as we can wait so
we make sure that it's cooked very well
so hey guys so it's been like about five
hours but I do have to go to church
later on today and it's running late so
I have to take them out and had to get
some old these aren't even oven mitt and
they look pretty pretty I don't know how
to explain they look pale but that's
what you're gonna get for cooking them
outside you know it doesn't really smell
like cookie dough actually I thought it
was gonna smell I couldn't
Oh actually really hard so let's see
what what we got
I already broke it I'm kind of scared
what if I get to summon Ella you know
but it's actually I'll just go free
it isn't hard or soft it's like the
perfect temperature for a cookie it's
actually really really good it was a
good turnout it's like that you can
actually make cookies on your car
dashboard it actually really works out
but if you live in Texas or in any other
state like Arizona because I know it
gets really hot there the weather here
was about a hundred degrees today and if
it's in between the 90s or hundreds it
should totally work out the longer you
keep them in there the better they'll
turn out like I said this was five hours
and I was what I was really waiting for
them to get really burnt really dark a
golden you know like the perfect
temperature but this will do it was
actually really good and I'm glad that
this was a success thank you so much for
watching today's video guys if you did
enjoy please give it a big thumbs up and
leave a comment down below if you
actually end up trying this theory I
would love to see photos or videos I
also have my social media links down
below and at the end of the video and
just to let you know I am gonna be
having a giveaway really really soon
once we reach 100 subscribers I will be
letting on know more information about
that so make sure that you are
subscribed to my channel bye guys hope
to see y'all next time
[Music]