hey guys this is nose accubow and
welcome to this video today we're going
to make the base for the food Rio tofu
shop diorama the first step is to mark
out all the sidewalks road and driveway
on the foam base
[Music]
after its marked out I take my hobby
knife and start to cut away from the
phone where the road will be
unfortunately I don't have a hot wire
cutter otherwise this process would be a
lot easier
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
we also need to cut away the driver very
WAMP so it transitions to the road
[Music]
then we just need to sand the foam too
and smooth out the roughness of the
knife cuts
[Music]
using cork for the road surface we first
mark it out and then cut it to size to
make the transition from the road to the
driveway oh so filled a piece of cork
and sham for the edge for a smooth
transition
[Music]
using super tech glue I stick the pieces
in place and then place heavy objects on
top so the cork doesn't lift while it
dries
[Music]
[Music]
you
[Music]
[Music]
using plaster of Paris we need to cover
the driveway ramp and sidewalk trying to
get it as smooth as we can being careful
to avoid getting it onto the road
surface
[Music]
you
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
once the plaster has dried we give it a
good sand with 120 grit sandpaper to
smooth out all the ridges from the
plaster
[Music]
the next step is to mark out all the
different slabs of concrete so first I
start by marking out the building and
then I can move on to all the other
lines
[Music]
[Music]
with the lines marked out using the
steel rule and the back edge of a hobby
knife we can score the plaster to create
all the joints
[Music]
[Music]
you
because the plasters been set on phone
we can use our thumb and fingers to
create cracks to the concrete
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
using some artists acrylics I mix up a
dark grey for the road and apply it with
a foam brush
[Music]
you
I then created a lie degree for the
concrete and apply it in the same way
[Music]
[Music]
using a foam brush and just plain water
we can soak up the excess paint and then
we allow it to dry
[Music]
once dry I use the sponge and model
paint to add a contrast to the concrete
you
[Music]
after the lighter gray we repeat with
the darker gray
[Music]
you
before it's had time to fully dry using
a clean sponge we can blend all the
paint together
[Music]
you
the road surface gets a darker gray
rubbed in with the sponge
[Music]
[Music]
I then black out where the building will
sit as I don't want the lighter grade to
show through the windows using an old
brush I loaded up with some Brown
acrylic paint I then take the airbrush
and blow air over the tip to create a
splatter effect trying not to go too
overboard
[Music]
you
[Music]
taking another old brush i roughly paint
over the road with black acrylic
[Music]
taking the original like Rio so clean up
any mistakes and add some highlights to
the gutters
[Music]
[Music]
after I'm happy with the results I
airbrush a gloss clear coat and allow
that to dry
[Music]
now on to some weight the ring using
Meeks engine Graham I give a good coat
to the concrete paying attention to all
the cracks in the joint lines
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
once it is been covered using enamel
thinner than a sponge we can wipe away
most of it leaving streaks and more worn
appearance
[Music]
[Music]
now applying some pigments along the
joints and cracks and then using a
sponge I blend that into the concrete
you
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
to give the road some more depth I
covered in a black wash then using one
of the dirty sponges from the previous
pigments and paints we blend this into
the road surface this helps give the
world a more worn look
[Music]
you
you
[Music]
I also added a white stripe to the road
using a masking tape and then just an
airbrush although one recommendation I
have is to use caulk long enough as I
was unable to hide those joint line in
the road but overall I'm happy with the
results I hope you'll enjoyed this video
and it's given you some ideas on
achieving this effect please like and
subscribe and stay tuned as I hope to be
you some more videos on how I do my
works this has been no Zack your boy
till next time