hey guys the Tammy Lux and today I
thought I would share with you guys all
of my Hampshire's favorite choose ones
that I'm going to show you guys are just
ones that they typically enjoy the most
I do have other choose available for
them but these are their all-time
favorite ones
as of now so first I'm going to start
off with this edible twig log that is
made out of willow and of course the
little willow balls now my Hampshire's
absolutely love these as you can tell
these are really great for chewing both
sweet pea and Coco really enjoy the twig
log as you can tell I also had another
one and Coco actually completely
demolished the whole bottom that I
couldn't even stand it up anymore um so
I definitely recommend this product I'm
not sure if other hamsters would
actually like this or if they prefer
other things to chew on like some of my
other hamsters don't chew on this it's
really only cocoa and sweet pea that
absolutely love these and especially the
little willow balls I've gone through a
bunch a bunch of these as well
I believe you can find the twig the
edible twig log at Petsmart and the
willow balls you can find at Petco and
Petsmart next we have these cute little
and I think they're by all living things
I will double check on that
these are little carrot chews and they
are made out of corn husk and sisal I
believe and these are really great all
in my Syrian hamsters love these mic
dwarf hamster cheerio and Caspar do not
touch these for some odd reason but all
of my Syrian hamsters love these Coco
had one in there and she demolished it
completely within
I think two or three days so I can't
show hers I have to actually go and buy
some more because she really really
liked this these are great shoes and I
usually always try to keep stock on
these next are the Petco pencils and
they're very cheap they're like I think
they're like a dollar ninety-nine at
Petco
now not all hamsters enjoy these some
I've heard a lot of people say that a
lot of their Hampshire's don't touch
these it just sits in the cage and then
they eventually take it out because the
hamster isn't interested in them now
they are pretty long so if you do have a
dwarf hamster it might be a little hard
for them to take this and and go and
chew on it none of my dwarf hamsters
like these so I don't typically get
these for them because they can't carry
it around because it is quite large and
only Vinnie and Coco love these so like
this one right here is Coco's and you
can see Coco is a big chewer though so
she just loves chewing on everything
basically but she really does enjoy this
so that is hers and then we have
Vinnie's right here and he has started
chewing on it a little bit as you can
see so this is something that a lot some
hamsters will enjoy and some hampshire's
might not but like sweet pea doesn't
care for these at all I do keep it in
there just in case and like I said give
it a try and see if your hamster will
like it and if not then not next of
course are the whimsy chews that you can
get at Petco I have not seen pets Mart
carry these at all so I do have to go to
Petco to get these for the hamsters and
a lot of people use these for their
hamsters this is a great chew if your
hamsters on a big chore it comes they
come in little alligator alligator form
and toothbrushes and I believe a
hedgehog but I have never bought the
Hedgehog the hedgehog one is but a
really big what's great is the
toothbrush ones come in a four pack
because you get four of them in a pack
unlike the alligator ones you only get
two of those in a pack for the same
price this is something my hamsters
absolutely enjoy and I always make sure
to restock on next I'm going to go with
the cheesy chews and my dwarf hamsters
and Syrian hamsters absolutely love
these but cheerio and Casper tend to go
quicker with these this one is Cheerios
and this one is Casper's and I just put
these in a few days ago so they just
munch on these like crazy and my Syrian
hamsters also love these now you can get
the wild harvest brand at Walmart
because they are cheaper than the Petco
ones so cheesy chews are great fun other
true that my Hampshire's absolutely
loved are the carrot crunchies by wild
harvest and I find these at Walmart's go
so quickly as soon as I put these in the
cages they go very quickly they chew on
these like crazy now I personally
consider these like a treat type of chew
so I don't give this to them excessively
and I only tend to give these to my
Syrian hamsters because they do contain
carrot which is does have natural sugars
in it so I try to just only give this to
them and the last item that I feel like
they absolutely love are the I believe
all living things mineral chews they
come in lots of different designs and
colors really cute things this one is a
cupcake and it had a lot of sprinkles on
it and I got this one for Sweet Pea
because she just loves the sprinkle ones
and they were just this one was
completely full with sprinkles next is
the ice Popp mineral chew now none of my
the only hamster of mine that actually
chews on this one is cheerio none of my
other hamsters I had a couple other
colors and I put them in the cages and
they don't care for these at all we have
just the stick mineral choose their like
I think like little candy candy sticks
and you can hang these on kabobs because
there is like a little hole there so you
could make a cute kabob with these as
well so this is also something that my
hamsters absolutely enjoy at the moment
Oh like I said earlier not every hamster
might enjoy these but I just wanted to
share with you guys my hamsters favorite
ones and the ones that they chew on the
most at the moment so thanks guys so
much for watching and I hope you enjoyed
this video if you would like to leave a
comment down below and let me know what
your hamsters favorite chews are at the
moment I would love to know what you
guys or what other hamsters enjoy so
thanks guys so much for watching bye