hi I'm dr. Q from dr. quest ENCOM I have
a rather unusual question to answer
today which is how to treat two
conditions bloating and farting in dogs
well these are actually two very
separate conditions so we'll start with
the easier one first which is farting in
dogs really all that is gas buildup in
the intestinal tract when your dog
doesn't have the appropriate bacteria in
the intestines to break down the foods
this can occur with a food change or if
your dog
switches to something different that
they're not used to having then they
don't possibly have the bacteria in the
intestinal tract that they need to break
down that food and when that occurs gas
builds up which you get to experiences
farting from your dog not really a
problem at all just a little bit
unpleasant to tolerate so the best thing
to do is first of all don't change your
dog's diet unless you absolutely have to
and if you still are having problems
with gas in your dog then a simple
natural supplement like a probiotic and
really help minimize that secondary
effects of gas in the intestinal tract
probiotics are just simply like the
acidophilus in yogurt and these are
supplements that you can pick up from
your veterinarian or from your local pet
store and they're very safe and
effective and really help minimize the
secondary effects of gas in your dog's
intestinal tract
now bloating is something entirely
different that's actually a
life-threatening disease that can occur
in big dogs like sushi here and it's
something that you definitely want to
feed your dog appropriately to help
minimize their chances of succumbing to
bloat again a high quality diet is very
important the other thing is speeding
small frequent feedings minimize your
dog's chance of having bloat by feeding
them small meals throughout the day
rather than having one large meal also
make sure your dog doesn't eat that meal
too quickly you can either buy special
fancy bowls that are specially designed
to help make sure that your dog doesn't
eat too quickly or you can just save a
little money and do what I do sometimes
and just put your dog's food in a
muffington like this it takes in a few
minutes to get the food out of each one
of the holes and kind of slows them down
and buys you a little bit of time and
doesn't cost you a whole lot of money
either
the last thing about bloat is to really
minimize your dog's activity after meals
so after feeding time is definitely the
time to go lay in the crate or lay on
their bed and just have a little siesta
a little time out so that they can just
rest and digest and really minimize
their chances of having any kind of
digestive upset so hopefully I've
answered some questions today about two
very different but interesting problems
that we have with our dogs farting and
bloating and on that note I'm dr. Q and
the rest is up to you thanks for tuning
in today