hey guys it's Danny and this week I'm
back with another clean and delicious
recipe for Super Bowl Sunday now a lot
of you guys were looking for fun finger
foods and dip recipes so I wanted to
share my cleaned up version of this game
day classic for this quick bite I'm
making my fresh cheesy collard green and
artichoke dip now the first thing you
want to do is prepare your greens I had
two bunches of collard greens I gave
them a good rinse under some cold water
then I stemmed them and chop them up
into nice fine pieces I've got a medium
nonstick pot heating up over a medium
heat here into that I'm adding 1 TSP of
olive oil along with 2 cloves of minced
garlic and 2 minced up shallots
basically that's just a mild version of
an onion give it a pinch of salt and
we're just gonna let these go for about
two minutes or until they're fragrant
and just starting to become translucent
now once your onions and garlic are
right where you want them you're ready
to add your greens now I've got ten
ounces of collard greens after it was
washed and chopped up get that into your
pot and then a good splash of cold water
and then you're just gonna pop on the
lid we're gonna let this go about five
minutes or so we're just waiting for the
greens to wilt down once you see that
your greens have wilted down you can
take off the lid and then you just want
to let it continue to cook for another
five minutes or so what you're looking
for here is for all of that excess water
to evaporate out of the pan because if
the greens are watery your dip is gonna
be watery and that is not gonna work now
if you really wanted to you could skip
prepping all these greens and just by a
10 ounce bag of frozen collard greens or
spinach and just be sure that you drain
the water out of them really well so
they're nice and dry and then you could
use that as the greens for the dip but I
have to tell you making the greens fresh
definitely brings this dish to the next
level these look great so I'm gonna shut
up the heat and just let them cool to
room temperature while I get started on
my artichokes now we need one 14 ounce
can of artichoke hearts in water and
need them cut up really really fine so I
like to do this in the food processor
but you could certainly do it by hand if
you don't have a food processor get them
all in there pop on your lid and then
just pulse it around a few times until
you've got them chopped up nice and fun
now that's right there is exactly what
we're looking for so now we're ready to
make our dip and we're gonna start with
3/4 cup of plain nonfat Greek yogurt and
we're using this in place of sour cream
so not only does it lighten the dish up
but it also adds a good dose of protein
then I've got a quarter cup of light
mayo not fat-free mayo because I'm not
really sure what that stuff is made of
but the light we can deal with half a
cup of grated Parmesan cheese gives it a
nice little edge then I'm gonna add the
chopped up artichokes the collard greens
and a couple of dashes of hot sauce just
to give it a little kick then we just
want to bring this all together and just
keep on mixing - you've got everything
incorporated the great thing about this
dish is that nobody is gonna know it's a
lighter healthier version of a classic
there's no butter no full fat sour cream
or Mayo no heavy cream and honestly you
cannot tell the difference once you've
got everything mixed really well we're
gonna transfer this to an oven safe
baking dish and then the last step is to
take one cup of part-skim shredded
mozzarella cheese and just sprinkle that
over the top and then what I like to do
is I take my fork and I just kind of dip
it in to the dip a little bit so that we
still get that cheesy top but it's also
worked into the depth so you've got
cheese all throughout once you've got it
where you want it you've got two choices
you can do everything up to here and
then store it in the fridge for up to a
day or two until you're ready to bake it
or you can just take it pop it right
into a 375 degree oven for about 20-25
minutes or until the cheese is nice and
melty and even browned around the edges
this dip is great hot out of the oven or
even
room temperature and when you're ready
to serve it you just want to put it
along with some of your favorite dippers
so you could do a corn chip or a plate
of your favorite veggies let me test it
it's rich its creamy the collard greens
really hold up in there and you know
what this is perfect for Super Bowl
Sunday for more simple and nutritious
recipes tips and ideas be sure you come
on over and check out clean and
delicious calm where you can print all
the recipes save your favorites right to
your very own personal recipe box and
subscribe to my newsletter thanks so
much for watching I'm Danny speeds and
I'll see you next time with another
quick bite watch me stab myself
you