tonight Valentine's cooking a collection
of his favorite breakfasts food he loves
whipping up before a day of country
Pursuits creamy smoked hack custards
kidneys with cherry and fried bread and
a Warner style Bloody
Mary I am a big believer in getting the
day started with a good breakfast I take
my breakfast seriously um cereal I find
pretty boring and more often than not
the choice for um cooked breakfast in
the morning is a fry up but there's
millions of fantastic breakfasts so I'm
going to cook a hadock custard might
sound a bit weird I'm going to cook
kidneys on fried bread yes mate and I'm
going to do a bloody mary good start
today especially if you wake up with a
rascal behind the eyes but I'm going to
start with the hadock so I've got some
milk kind of simmering here I've got a
lovely fat piece of undyed smoked hadock
so in that
goes a couple of bay leaves long known
good friends of the hadock I've got to
be careful when cooking the hadock I
don't want to overcook it because it's
going to be cooked again so just when
it's still slightly gluey between the
flakes is when I'm going to want to take
it out so while that's on the go I'm
just going to take a nice loving the
anvy woo that's quite Pokey a nice
spoonful of pon peperium this is kind of
anvy paste great spread on hot butter
toast um some mustard again just a hint
of mustard don't overdo it um so mix
those up
together I think growing up in the
country hunting I saw other people
shooting and I was interested and I
wanted to do it myself and my father
said let this be clear if you want to
take the life of something then you have
to respect it and hunting comes with a
lot of conscientiousness and also it
brings a whole load of things to the
table that you can't get into the
supermarket it has a Provence that no
butcher or super you know you've been
there you've obtained it yourself you
want to do it all as humanely as
possible and as a result the variety of
things I'm I've eaten is is wide ranging
and I love those wild tastes that you
can't often find okay now I just want to
test my hack um is that kind of cook yet
I just want a little bit of resistance
but I just don't want it to fall off the
skin a little resistance we' become very
lazy with breakfast it's kind of get a
pan fry some eggs put some rubbish
sausages in the oven and go into all
those kind of old books or go online
there's so much information online but
if you tapped in oldfashioned
breakfasts this enormous array of ideas
would come up it would really make you
think twice and also all over the world
there's wonderful things to have cery
and panon tomat and Mexican breakfast of
black beans and
tortillas so I've mixed my P and
paparian with mustard I'm just going to
butter the inside of some ramkin so
going back to hunting do you remember
the first thing you shot um my first
kill was a pigeon my dad couldn't quite
believe I think it was the first shots I
ever fired and um this pigeon came
tumbling out of the air I was completely
surprised and dad said right there you
go you've got your pigeon that's the end
of that we'll go back to the house and
then he taught me how to pluck it we
actually we didn't even hang it I think
I was so excited about eating this
pigeon that I wanted to eat it
immediately and uh we roasted it and I
remember it being a little bit on the
tough side but I was so happy that I you
know got this thing for myself I'd never
eaten a pigeon before and uh yeah it was
uh I was very uh pleased with myself I
now love
pigeon okay so the hadock has poached
I'm going to turn off that whiny sound
which is my gas on low heat I'm just
going to lift out my heck I'm going to
let that cool I am a glutton for
punishment in the kitchen I kind of
always picking up hot things and then
going ow eat whatever but that is very
hot and I'm going to leave it to cool so
can go there so what I need now is a Sie
and I'm just going to just pour it
through the SI so if there's any kind of
scolded milk skin or anything that
doesn't go
in
um and stir that in hairs are one of my
favorite creatures I eat them still I
don't shoot them anymore and I think
they um they answer directly to Mother
Nature they rub up against her calf and
she tells them all sorts of sec secrets
that um we will never know uh there's a
lot of mysticism around hairs okay so
and then one more egg yolk can really
really whisk it
in okay so that's that now I can turn my
attention to the hack so just break it
open ooh and don't Smash It Up in small
pieces what you want is a big kind of
luxurious piece of hadock so nice big
fat chunks share them out equally right
the um hadock is very fairly and evenly
divided um I'm just going to have a
little taste of the um custard
base all the salt from the hack and from
the pce and peperium is in there The
Gentleman's Relish so that's salty
enough so all I need to do now is
actually probably this will make it
easier pour it into a
jug in the interest of creating as much
washing up as
possible so I'm just going to divide
this between the three pots
okay so those are now ready it sounds
like something's been kept in my kitchen
against its will but it's actually um
just my very crude steamer set up ready
to go I've got three rakins upside down
in some water and I'm going to calm them
down just by
placing my little hack custards on
top and these will probably steam in
here
for 8 to 10 minutes lid on just turn the
heat down a little it's a little bit
excited they should come out nice and
wobbly you should be able to tap the
side and they'll just jiggle a little
bit and they'll be soft and tender and
giving and haty and creamy and
delicious so my hack custards have been
in here for about 8 minutes just tap the
sides yeah they've got a lovely little
tremble in the middle a little wobbly
tremble you don't want them to be stiff
and ungiving so I'm just going to let
those cool down I've got my toast
here now soldiers very very important
for this so lots of butter remember it's
cold outside the Mist is hanging in the
hedges it's really really bitterly cold
maybe like drizzle falling don't be shy
with the
butter those are done
there they
go good knives are important more
accidents happen in kitchens from not
having sharp
knives okay so out ow comes a little
custard there's one more thing to go on
top which is a tiny little scratch of
nutmeg not too much it's very strong
stuff just a little suggestion of
that some chives
to pretty it up and give that little
kind of oniony
hit so there's my first dish for
breakfast of champions a smoked haded
Custard with buttered soldiers and next
I'm going to do kidneys with Sherry on
fried toast wash down with a good old
steadier Bloody Mary