[Music]
how to blow a bubble with bubblegum
blowing bubbles with bubblegum is a
favorite pastime for kids and kids at
heart alike it can make the act of
chewing gum into a whole lot of fun
blowing bubbles isn't that hard the key
to success lies in learning the proper
breathing technique and how to
manipulate the
come with your mouth everyone can do it
all it takes is a little practice and
technique
part-1 chewing the gum
one buy some bubble gum
you can buy gum at pretty much every
corner store chewing gums can be used to
make bubbles but they won't be as big
and they'll usually pop too easily to
start off select a pack of bubble gum
like double bubble a bazooka generally
if there is a picture of a bubble on the
package
it's a good choice some guns are also
stickier making them harder to remove
from your face when they pop usually if
you chew these comes a little longer
before blowing a bubble they won't be
quite as sticky gums with less sugar
often have a stronger gum base for
making bubbles gum bases contain a long
molecule that adds elasticity to the gum
the right amount will make for the best
texture for bubbles avoid old gums if
your gum is stale it will be more dry
harder to chew and bad for making
bubbles
use fresh gum to get the best results
to chew one piece of strip of bubblegum
for starters
more gummed is not necessarily equal
more bubble at this stage you're just
learning how to blow a bubble so you
don't want to overdo the amount of gum
in your mouth and wrap one piece and pop
it into your mouth
three chew the bubble gum until it is
soft and smooth
work it around your mouth chew until the
flavor and sugar crystals in it mostly
disappear and the bubble gum is very
pliable soft and easily bent this can
take a few minutes so be patient don't
wait too long after a long time perhaps
half an hour they
bubblegum will deteriorate becoming
stiffer and brittle and won't work as
well
part two making a bubble
one roll the gum into a ball with your
tongue
use the roof of your mouth to steady the
gum in place while you work the ball
shape it doesn't have to be a perfect
circular shape just so that gum is
compacted what move this ball of gum so
that it sits right behind your front
teeth use your tongue to flatten the
ball
into a small flat circle use the back of
your teeth to help flatten it by pushing
the ball into them
to push your tongue through the
flattened gum
open your teeth slightly and extend your
tongue until it extends out of your
mouth and discovered by a 'then
stretched layer of bubble gum you'll
need to be very gentle err you might
poke your tongue right through if that
does happen just form the ball again and
start over keep
practicing as this step can be difficult
practice in front of a mirror so you can
see when the tip of the gum is in the
right position
three breath air into pocket of gum
around your tongue
blow gently until you can feel the air
begin to fill the gum and start to push
the gum out of your mouth in a bubble
shape many people make the mistake of
blowing just out of their lips rather
than using breath from deeper within lip
breath is not strong
enough to produce a proper bubble so be
sure to put more energy into it the
appropriate way to push air into the gum
is like producing a heavy sigh use your
diaphragm to push the air and exhale for
pull your tongue out of the layer of gum
once the air pressure starts expanding
the gum you can remove your tongue the
edges of your teeth will help to keep
the gum in place keep blowing slow and
steady as you gradually expand the gum
keep your mouth open resist the urge to
close your lips after removing your
tongue keeping your mouth in a open
position will give you a larger area to
push air through
five keep blowing as long as you can are
until the bubble bursts
you slow even breaths this will allow
your gum time to expand see how big you
can make a bubble before it pops for the
biggest bubbles blow bubbles inside stay
away from when dentata cold temperatures
cold air and wind can pop your bubble
early while hot air can make it so
pliable it gets limp
six
seal off the bubble
press your lips together slightly to
close the bubble this will prevent the
bubble from getting more air and
becoming bigger than desired are from
allowing the air in the bubble to escape
if you want to avoid the mess of a
bubble popping in your face you can draw
the bubble back into your mouth and pop
it with your tongue
seven practice practice practice
you may not succeed the first few tries
but that's all part of the fun just keep
trying until it happens for you and you
get the hang of what it feels like
blowing bubbles can take some getting
used to for your jaw mouth and diaphragm
with practice you will
strengthen the muscles and the process
will become easier
tips what your lips a bit before making
a bubble and the gum won't stick to your
lips when the bubble pops
warnings don't swallow your gum many gum
bases are made of plastic wax and rubber
so always spit it out when you done
things you'll need bubblegum
you