welcome to pals toolbox today we're
going to cover putting the crown up in
this room and this is a little bit
different than your normal crown and I
have all kind of videos on crown molding
showing you how to cut it different ways
and I have the links in the description
box from other videos but on this one
we're gonna be dropping that crown down
just a little bit so you really want to
know how to do this it's it's a lot
easier than you think
you get great looks because crown
molding is so much different than other
molding it really makes a room pop this
is three and a quarter inch base molding
and you see the line right here and the
line right here what I did was I ripped
it I ripped a small piece to go on the
bottom and I wanted enough meat on here
for the crown to sit on but I wanted to
make that crown step out a little bit
once I ripped these two pieces I took
one and I trimmed out the ceiling with
it then I took the other one and I've
dropped it down right here and I nailed
it all the way around so we have a gap
right there
that gap allowed me to drill a hole in
the in the ceiling or through the side
right here so I could feed my wiring for
the lights that's all it was for now if
you're not gonna drop this down you can
always just take your crown your base
molding put it where you want to give an
extra line down here this gives a little
extra line and makes it look a little
bit fancier it's like a two step crown
you have to step three step four step it
just depends on how much you want to go
with it if you look at this closely
you'll see I went right along the line
of my base molding when I nailed this on
and the reason why I left that little
line right there is because it made it
easy for me to follow it along when I
put my crown molding and it gives a nice
design if you take it and it steps down
and you have a little bit of a line and
it steps down again gives a nice look
I'm redoing the entire bathroom and I
have some pretty cool ideas for a lot of
these things so make sure you follow the
future videos because we're gonna take
step by step on everything in this room
but first I want to show you a little
bit about the Louisville ladder
Louisville has agreed to give me a
ladder or give a ladder to one of my
subscribers so make sure that you drop a
comment because what I do is I choose
from the people who comment on this
video does
matter what the comment is we take these
and we're going to pick from the first
hundred and fifty comments that we get
I'm gonna send it to Louisville ladder
they're gonna choose somebody from here
to be a winner now we're ready for a
crown molding so right here I made two
little templates this one is actually
twenty-two degrees the two sides so that
makes forty four instead of a 45-degree
angle this right here is a twenty-two
and a half so it makes for a 45 degree
angle I noticed when I put my strips on
the wall that I have a little bit of a
separation right here it's not exact and
y'all show you what I'm talking about
it's touching in the back but not the
front up here and that's that's not a
problem I did that just to fill for this
so you won't even see it I'll be able to
caulk the bottom of it
it'll be nice but when you come to your
crown molding you have to have it exact
you don't want to have this with gaps
cuz it doesn't look good when you try to
caulk this up what I'm gonna do is show
you the 22 and a half degree cut right
here and if I put it and try to push the
two sides they're gonna rock back and
forth now I can take my 22 degree cuts
and I put it on here and it'll go just
right on there the drywall will not
follow the corners exactly some you know
they'll take this with a razor knife cut
it and it might be a little bit off and
I saw on this a lot of these that's off
you see this comes down over here and it
goes inward a little bit on an angle so
that throws this corner off but if you
get your crown molding exact you'll be
fine we'll be able to take and just
caulk that a little bit on the bottom
and this is going to fit perfectly
now we're not going to measure this for
this I want to make sure I stick this
right in that corner and I'm gonna make
a mark exactly where my minor is okay my
minor is a tiny bit off of this crease
right here like I said this this is over
just a little bit it kicked out so I'm
gonna measure from this point over and
this point over here so I'll still fall
just right
and you fill that little bit with caulk
you won't even be able to tell it's
gonna look it's gonna look perfect but
this is your main thing you want this to
fit perfectly and you want this to fit
perfectly you do not want these to be
off from each other so when you do a
minor cut you always make them even if
it's twenty-two and a half here this is
gonna be twenty-two and a half if that's
a 45 degree turn if it's a 44 make it 22
and 22 if it's a 46 23 and 23 never do
one more than the other because this
will never line up so I know this one is
right here I'll get my measurement from
this point and I'll measure it over on
the other wall I showed how to make this
jig on a previous video and all I did
was tweak it a little bit I put a
coating on here some bedliner coating
you can use paint stain anything you
want but I put sandpaper on the back of
my stop and this holds it in place and
of course now I just use a little quick
connect clamp on here make sure to check
this out in your description box because
this tool makes the job a lot easier
you're not gonna cut upside down and
backwards you're gonna cut right side up
and I'll go into that on a future video
right now I just want to show you how I
cut this the jig is already set up for
this so all I have to do is make an
inside 22 degree turn and we determined
that a 22 is better than a 22 and a half
on this wall because it's a little bit
off
get it right on that mark
with these inside cuts it's very
difficult to get in the backside of this
and put a nail in there because your
angle does not give you enough room for
one thing and another is we're right off
the ceiling with so we have no room up
top you don't want to shoot nails in it
anyway I never shoot nails on something
like this I'll take and glue it so what
I'm gonna use is my two p10 glue this is
a CA glue and it works great for stuff
like this it's a two-part glue I spray
one side here and then I'll put my glue
on this side my instant glue this will
bond because this is an activator and
this is my glue it bonds a lot faster
when you use an activator we're gonna
spray the activator on this side and it
doesn't matter if it gets on the face of
this the paint it will not mess it up it
does not even leave a film it will
evaporate so we'll take this the glue
itself and put on the opposite side
you're gonna have to hold this in place
for about 10 seconds but once it bonds
it really bonds so we'll hold it
that's it now we can take this and get
to work
you
I'm gonna spray it
well I love this stuff by fast captain
you
all right nice I'm attacking nail right
in that corner on both sides I'm only
gonna attack one in the middle like I
said I need that end to flex if you take
a little block some extra pieces make
your miter and take and measure an even
distance this is five inches I can set
it right in here where it needs to go
and Mark it now it's a lot easier to get
this measurement from a straight line
than it is from the corner
all I have to do is add 10 inches to my
measurement from here to the other side
and I'm gonna have an exact fit for this
so I'm going to take this side same way
put it right in the corner where it
needs to go and then get my measurement
make sure I'm exactly what I need to be
and that's it now all I have to do is
get my measurement from here and here
and if I don't have anybody with me I'll
just take a screw and put it right above
there exactly on that line I'm gonna run
a screw in there hook my tape to it and
get my measurement right on the inside
of that line so that line is touching
the edge of this screw
51 in three days perfect so I add 10
inches to that 61 and 3/8
it's the same as the other side when you
have a run five or six feet you can flex
the board a little bit make it a tiny
bit bigger I made this a sixteenth of an
inch long and I'm not using CA glue with
this because I need to work with it I'm
using a tight bond you can use any type
of wood glue
I like tape on I've used it a lot what
I'm gonna do is put my glue in the
corners I'm gonna get it in one corner
flex it out a little bit because it's
not gonna fit in there it's gonna fit
real tight and then when I get it in
place I can tack it and this glue will
dry and it'll be fine so I'm gonna glue
up these joints like I said I always
glue my joints never put crown together
without or any kind of trim without
gluing it unless you have some kind of
special circumstance but other than that
you want glue in there that's going to
keep this from separating not just
corners any joints but that's why I you
I have I keep a good wood glue on me and
CA glue because sometimes you really
want that CA glue sometimes you want the
wood glue so I'm gonna put it right in
there see how it fits now it's not going
to fit on this side I gotta flex it out
and kind of work with it get it in the
spot at the bottom all right when I let
it go it really squeezes tight and it's
gonna push everything together
now I'm gonna fit this corner make sure
everything looks good tack it in place
I'll walk it down a couple of shots on
here because I'm a little high from it
flexing I'll bring it down shoot it and
then over here I'll do the same thing oh
yeah perfect
now I'll shoot it here
and what I want to do is I'm gonna put a
block up here to keep this together when
I when it squeezes this together it's
gonna it's gonna dry and it'll bond okay
I'll make my wood shim slightly smaller
where I can slide it in it easily now
I'm gonna take a cabinet shim or
flooring shim and just push it until it
squeezes this tight you see how it gets
that real tight I'll leave it in there
that glue will dry and we'll be fine
this fit well but just to be safe it's
always good to squeeze it in there and
make sure it's super tight top and
bottom well we're one step closer to
getting this done and it's starting to
shape up behind me I'm gonna get rid of
these mirrors and we're gonna do
something else with the doors that's
gonna be pretty sharp also I have a lot
of other little tips that are gonna come
in handy when you're doing stuff like
this so make sure you follow subscribe
to my channel make sure to drop a
comment on me because if you drop a
comment you could be a winner for this
this is a cross step and it's absolutely
the best ladder that I've ever used I
could take this ladder with this unique
head right here and I can leave it up
against the wall anywhere I want not
just on a regular part of the wall
because it will not damage it it has
rubber but you see how it goes in that v
I can take this on a corner of anything
and it holds you can put this on a pole
and set it in there I've used it on a
fire department on our trucks we've
leaned it up against the corner of the
trucks different parts and we have one
at the fire station because this is a
good ladder do this with any other
ladder and you will be sorry I can take
this and set it right on the corner and
not have to worry about damaging this
corner bead or any part of a wall it's
not going to scratch my paint it's not
going to put pressure on that corner it
distributes the weight so if you found
this useful hit like for me and I'll see
you guys on the next project