so kind of the other thing that I want
to address right now is what I've done
to waterproof the wood that I'm using
I've been getting a lot of questions
about it and basically I would recommend
not using pressure-treated plywood at
all in your aluminum boat I think it's
too risky you're putting too much time
money effort for it to potentially just
end up getting holes and corroding and
breaking apart so that's why I took all
my now I don't have to deal with it I
don't want to worry about it
so this is what I used is bare oil-based
semi-gloss enamel you want the oil-based
because it's going to repel the water
better I picked this up at Home Depot I
think it was like 30 bucks
so was it too expensive and it went on
really easily it's thicker I just used
roller got it all I did two coats and
also used marine grade sealant there
just went around the edges of the wood
this is just going to do better for
keeping any water from going getting
into the wood and
out