in this video I'm gonna share with you
guys how I use the drill brush
attachment to clean car tires now let's
get straight into it what's going on so
glad you guys are here and welcome back
to the Wilson auto detailing community
if you're a professional auto detailer
once become more successful and
profitable in your business or just a
car enthusiast who wants to improve your
detailing ability then definitely
consider hitting that big red subscribe
button right below this video so today
I've been detailing this Ford Raptor and
I'm kind of out of breath because it has
taken a long time and I'm on the outside
now kind of halfway through the outside
totally done with the interior and it
looks really fantastic cleaned out the
bed wheel wells all that sort of stuff
but I want to show you guys how I'm
going to get this brown grunge where at
least just kind of one pass over these
tires without expending any more energy
you guys know if you're in the
professional auto detailing world
anything that saves your energy
especially when you're working in the
Sun is so valuable and so rather than me
taking a regular tire brush and
scrubbing as hard as I can making it
really difficult on my arms my back my
knees to get all of this tire clean I'm
going to use my drill brush so this is
probably pretty self-explanatory but
here's what I'm gonna use so first I've
got my super clean degreaser diluted
actually not at all this is full
strength super clean some people don't
like to use super clean full strength I
love it because it makes my life way
easier know I don't have to worry about
overspray it never really harms anything
it's not a big issue in my world and if
you're careful you're not gonna hurt
anything either so I'm just gonna soak
the whole tire in the super clean pull
strength and you guys can see obviously
the degreaser starts to work on its own
now attached to the drill brush I've got
the tile and grout scrubber attached so
I definitely need something more
aggressive because obviously I'm
scrubbing a tire and this is a really
big tire this truck is pretty jacked up
and it is a big truck and so I'm gonna
get in all these treaded pieces but one
of the difficult things when you're
scrubbing by hand is trying to get in
all these treaded pieces you have to go
different directions and really spend a
lot of energy here all I got to do is
click a button and put a little bit of
pressure in so what I'm gonna do is
actually just put probably the pressure
the weight of my body into this and just
go around I'm not gonna speed up the
whole thing I'll speed up the second
half but you guys can watch this first
half
[Laughter]
[Music]
so I went ahead and hosed it off with
the pressure washer but basically what
that allowed me to do is in all of these
treaded pieces it allowed me to get
really aggressively and quickly cleaning
out all of those treaded pieces it's
extremely difficult with these big
treaded tires to get in those cracks and
crevices just using just your own labor
your own manual labor with a tire brush
I've done it before it just takes a lot
longer and so with that drill brush it
lets me do that quickly I get way better
results and of course on this inner side
wall right here that's really easy to
address yes I was putting a good amount
of pressure I have a really aggressive
drill brush attachment on but this is
one of those things that saves me time
saves me a ton of energy and still gives
me great results and so it's one of
those things I'm really starting to
implement in my detailing world using a
drill brush on these tires because it
just speeds me up so much so you guys
can start to see where the tire is
drying and you guys check that out
there's no Brown grunge whatsoever
here's an area where you can see that
some up here you guys can see there's no
brown grunge on those areas that are
drying they look really really really
nice and that probably took me a total
including washing it off maybe I don't
know 70 seconds 90 seconds so anywhere
between like a min and a half and two
minutes probably
but once again guys results like this
saving me time saving the effort and
again when I'm working in the direct
sunlight and I just moved this into the
shade but when you're working in the Sun
anything to keep your energy is like
gold when you're out here so this is one
of those things that's just absolutely a
non-negotiable at this point have to do
it when you're out here you're not in a
shop you're not in the a/c you've got to
figure out ways to save your energy so
if you guys like to get your hands on
this Dewalt power drill or the drill
brush attachment that I use personally
in my professional detailing world check
out the Amazon links below I'll hook up
everything I used in this video down in
the description box below this video if
you use my amazon links that does give
this channel a very small commission but
it helps just channel stay alive so I
can keep giving out awesome content just
like this all the time if you liked this
video hit the thumbs up button and if
you have any questions comments concerns
hook up all that stuff in the YouTube
comments below because I always read
those and I'm sure to get back to you
guys as fast as I can and if you're new
to the Wilson auto detailing community
then definitely consider subscribing
because I come out with videos all the
time just like this on products tools
strategies communication skills business
skills and so much more all
an effort to help the pro Detailers
become more successful and profitable in
their businesses and I share the same
strategies that turn my business into a
full-time income with part-time hours so
if that interests you definitely
subscribe once again thank you guys so
much for being involved and as always
from Luke here at Wilson Auto Detailing
keep working hard and I'll see you guys
in the next video
[Music]