hello everybody in this video I'm going
to show you how to unclog a sink drain
without using any liquid drain cleaner
or a snake um it's pretty easy to do and
anyone can do it um the tools you're
going to need are stuff you can find
around the house um so you're going to
need a
bowl a wire clothes hanger some
gloves which uh that's optional and then
uh a flashlight which is also optional
so um in this video demonstration we're
going to unclog a bathroom sink but the
same thing applies for a kitchen sink
all right so let's take a look down
underneath the sink unclogging the drain
includes removing the sink trap which is
this thing right here it's shaped kind
of like you uh it's a pretty easy
process anyone can do it but I can't be
held responsible if you screw up so if
you feel like you can't do this then
please go ahead and call a plumber go
ahead and put your bowl under the sink
trap because uh when you unscrew this
and this it will spill and it get messy
uh Now's the Time to wear gloves if you
want to wear gloves so let's go ahead
and remove uh unscrew this portion of
the sink
trap and uh let me loosen this one up
too see you can see water spilling
out all right once you got that removed
uh with both hands you want to hold up
here with one hand and then with the
other hand hold right here and just kind
of Wiggle It
Out making sure that when you do wiggle
it you don't put too much stress on this
part right here all right so now that we
got that removed we can take a look to
see where our clog is so on this one um
you can already tell that all of the
clogging is up in here all this which is
pretty much hair and dirt and debris um
and and in your case the clog might be
in the sink trap so this is where I want
this is where you would want to use your
cloth hanger and uh you know you can use
your finger to clear it out um but
whatever wherever you can't reach into
you can use a close hanger and pull the
stuff out um you also want to see if
there's anything clogged up in here
which there ain't um but on this one
it's a pretty easy uh cleaning so all
you have to do is just pull out the
mess so now that you got the sink trap
all cleaned out and also you made sure
to clean out this pipe and this pipe
right here it's time to put it back on
so what you want to do is fit that in
there and just kind of wiggle it into
place move that out
[Music]
just wiggle it up into place like
that and then screw this ring
on and after you got that one then you
screw in the other one now that you have
it installed you want to make sure that
both Rings this one and this one are
nice and tight and um you're not done
just yet you still got to make sure that
there's no leak so what you want to do
is uh run the water so let's go ahead
and do that right now
you turn the water
on and uh check for any
leaks um it would it would be pretty
obvious if you can see it running down
here and leaking which it's not um and
just because you might not see it
doesn't mean there's not a leak you also
want to check in here you know where the
ring is and in this ring as well um so
in this case it's not leaking at all so
you're pretty much good to go so I hope
you enjoyed this video and uh by doing
so you just saved yourself a lot of
money doing it yourself