hi guys and welcome to cooking with
karma now recently came across this very
tasty cereal called Cinnamon Toast
Crunch and I just had to try and use it
in a recipe so for me what goes great
with cinnamon I think apples so today
we're going to take the good old apple
pie and the apple crumble and turn them
into one an apple crumble pie it's
incredibly delicious so I really hope
you like it let's get started and I'll
show you how to make it into a food
processor we're going to add in the
flour the cinnamon toast crunch and give
that a good blitz until all those pieces
have broken up
so that we're then going to add in the
chilled butter and give that another
blitz until it becomes nice and crumbly
then while the food processor is on
we're going to add in the chilled water
and keep mixing until it forms a dough
onto a floured surface just give that a
very quick knee till it comes together
and forms a ball then we're going to
wrap that in some cling wrap and we're
going to put that into the fridge for at
least one hour next into a pan on medium
heat we're going to add in the butter
and the sugar and mix together until the
butter is fully melted then we're going
to add in our thinly sliced apples add
in the cinnamon and the Nutmeg then give
that a good stir until those apples are
well coated then we're going to leave
those on the heat for about 10 minutes
until those apples are fully softened
next we're going to play some of our
cinnamon toast crunch into a ziploc bag
and give that a good bashing til you've
got some nice chunky pieces and some
fine pieces as well then into a bowl
we're going to add in the flour the
coconut the brown sugar the cinnamon
toast crunch
the rolled oats and the butter then with
clean hands we're going to get in there
and rub it all together until it forms
the crumble next onto a floured surface
we're going to roll out our dough and
we're going to keep rolling until it's a
couple of millimeters thick and larger
than your pie dish
we're gently going to place that into
the pie dish pressing down press around
the sides and the bottom making sure
it's an even thickness if you like you
can go around the edges and press it
with a fork and simply trim off any
excess with a knife next we're going to
cover that with some baking paper and
weigh it down with something like some
uncooked rice then we're going to blind
bake that in the oven for about 10 to 12
minutes once our apples have cooled
we're going to pour those into our pie
shell then all that's left to do is pour
over that crumble making sure that the
top is well covered then we're going to
pop that into the oven for about 35 to
40 minutes then set it to one side to
cool delicious on its own but even
better with some ice cream or cream or
both with that delicious flavor
combination of cinnamon and apple and
the textures of a crumble and a pie
mixed into one makes for a perfect
dessert so really hope you give it a go
thanks again for joining me have a
wonderful week and I'll see you all next
time on cooking with karma in
celebrating the 30th birthday of
cinnamon toast crunch please make sure
you check out all these other delicious
recipes that have incorporated this very
yummy cereal as well all the links will
be below