so what's for dinner tonight it's
chicken spaghetti night so I got this
chicken didn't I cooked up here in the
skillet it's got a mama tonight usually
I do like a chicken breast or something
like that like I put in the oven or I
put in my crock-pot when I knock off all
that today so I just got this family
size some precooked chicken fajita
strips and I'm just gonna get that
hooked up or warmed up and then i'ma
chop that up
Houston spaghetti regular spaghetti
whatever kind of getting in you like
you're gonna need that you're gonna need
some ranch and dry ranch seasoning pack
dip whatever brain you want to use
you're gonna need 8 ounces of the
Velveeta cheese block so I'm just gonna
use half in it you'll need some cream of
chicken
you also need some chicken broth you'll
also need some bacon bits and so yeah
that's what we having tonight so I can't
wait to show you guys how it turns up
sale the chicken done the pastas done
but yes the chickens done right now we
got the chicken broth and the cream of
chicken soup and we're going to add the
Velveeta 8 ounces which is half of that
spa block let me just pick that up
hold on my lunch hardly like that so
we're gonna put these in there stirring
occasionally until sorry until the
cheese melts once the cheese notes we're
gonna add the ranch seasoning and then
we're gonna add the pasta the chicken
and then we go to the next step which
would be putting it in the oven all
right so that's what the pasta add it in
and now we're about to add the chicken
[Music]
real quick I forgot to add the ranch
season so make sure you add that before
you add the noodles so just make it
easier to blend remove it if you forget
you can add it later like I did but it's
just this orange now I'm gonna add the
chicken okay
so we've added the chicken the pasta the
ranch dressing and now you'll need to
add some bacon bit pieces you need three
ounces um
but I only got two point five ounces I
guess it really doesn't matter this
depends on what you like so this is
super good this is a spin-off of a meal
that's at the Olive Garden I forgot the
name of it
I'll have to look it up so we're gonna
blend that real good the bacon bits off
in there and then after we get it all
blended we're gonna put it in our nine
by nine inch pin cover it with some NGO
Vita cheese and put it in the oven to
the cheese notes so this is gonna be
gone
alright now put this inside of the pan I
put this business
[Music]
they'll be the cheese cover it put it in
the oven oven set to 350 once this milk
gets nice and golden and bubbly we'll
pick it out
alright so can't wait to show y'all how
it looks when you get off into it so
good guys must give it a try if you do
let me know down below I'll come back in
and let me know how it went for you and
thank you so much for watching until
next time
today you stay beautiful and stay unique
be sure to give me some thumbs up and go
ahead and drop me some happy faces
alright guys bye