hello everybody I'm Charlie and today
I'm going to be showing you how to make
new orleans-style run pasta this pasta
dish is delicious I just had some not to
go but man it is delicious
it's creamy oh man it is so good and I'm
not trying to sit up here and tell
people this because I want people to you
know I'm saying believe me but it is
very good okay I'm from New Orleans and
I'm not cook okay
this recipe is similar to my crawfish
pasta recipe but it's a slice if it's
like naked neck with my crawfish pasta
it's very good you should try in time so
today I'm going to show you step-by-step
on how to make this delicious dish so
without further ado let's get started
shall we
okay this is all what you're going to
need to make your shrimp pasta and we're
going to get started with our
ingredients you're going to need some
fresh green onion you're going to need
some fresh basil you're going to need
two fresh tomatoes now you can also buy
the can of diced tomatoes at your local
grocery store you're going to need
garlic you can either use the regular
fresh garlic or you can buy the garlic
in a jar here I have three examples of
three different seasonings that I may be
using in this pasta and this is some
example of some seasonings that we use
down here in the South particularly in
New Orleans we have some Toni's a series
Creole seasoning
chef Paul Prudhomme squeal season
and that Iran's Creole season is all the
Creole seasons like slap your mama and
stuff like that
so we're going to use that okay and
right here I you're also going to need
two pounds of medium-sized fresh
Louisiana shrimp now this shrimp is
local this is not imported from China or
anything like that this is fresh
Louisiana shrimp and during this video
I'm going to do a brief brief brief
video on how to peel clean and devein
the shrimp and I also want to have a
full video explaining everything about
how you clean peel and devein shrimp
entirely so there's going to be a video
that I'm going to post called how to
clean peel and devein shrimp so before
you make this recipe you might want to
check that video up ok and also with
that you're going to need some heavy
whipping cream this is a 32 fluid ounce
of a heavy whipping cream you can also
use half and half you're going to need
some butter some fresh grated Parmesan
cheese and you're going to need some
angel hair pasta now you can also use
other pastas like bowtie PE or - apt but
you can use 14 E as well if you want to
okay and there you have kids now we're
about to start prepping up our
seasonings for our shrimp pasta my first
thing we're going to do is we're going
to chop up our green onion
okay here I have our basil and what I
like to do is I just like to bowl it up
into a little wrap tuck it under
whatever and just cut basil should be
fairly easy to cut and you want to cut
this until you very very like minced
okay this is how your basil should look
after you finish from chopping it up as
you can see it's nice it's a looks like
spinach a little bit that's exactly how
you want it just like that okay okay
here I have two cloves of garlic not
it's garlic it's pretty big compared to
the ones that you may get from the
grocery store down in the middle go
remove the cocoon that's what I call it
and we're just going to chop this until
it's minced okay okay now it's time to
cut our tomatoes not like I said you
don't have to necessarily do this you
can go by the arm you can save time and
go buy the canned diced tomatoes at a
grocery store but today I'm not doing it
I'm going to do fresh tomatoes okay so
we're gonna do some cuts of tomato down
the center cut that like that one is you
want to take all of this out here only
thing we want to use is the back support
take all of this out and that's how it's
going to look when you get finished
we don't want to use the inside we just
want to use the outside of the tomato
only okay so we're going to do this and
dice it up
and there you have a diced tomatoes this
is exactly how you want it to look just
like this okay
okay here I have two pounds of fresh
Louisiana shrimp and let's get started
with it okay I'm gonna let you know that
I we want to keep our shrimp as cold as
possible so what I've done is I've got
to have a little ice water bath
underneath death to keep our shrimp cold
okay so what we're going to do is take
the head out put that in a bucket take
the shell from around the shrimp peel
the shell starting from the bottom and
just work your way on back okay
now we're going to go ahead and devayne
our shrimp now I don't know if you see
it or not but that is a nice dark line
going down the back of the shrimp and
what we want to do is gonna take that
out so we're going to do is going to
take our knife and we're just going to
cut down the center and watch your hand
okay open it up and as you can see that
is I'm going to pull it out
all right now the shrimp has been
deveined okay now we're going to rinse
our stuff out rinse it out the Cold War
okay and there you have it clean peel
and devein shrimp okay make sure that
you see if about six shrimps because
after this we're going to make a little
finishing glaze to go on top of our
pasta when we're done okay now that we
have our seasonings chopped up and we
have our shrimp peel cleaned and
deveined now it's time to go ahead and
make our pasta okay here I have a few
cups of water in this pot here so what
we're going to do is now we're going to
go in add our pasta
and what we're going to do here is we're
going to let this come to a ball
okay we've been left now pass the ball
for almost about four minutes now it's
going to take about seven minutes to
borrow your pasta total okay now
remember we're not trying to over cook
our pasta we don't want a gummy pasta
okay okay so we're gonna let this ball
for about three to four more minutes and
after that we should be done
okay now at this point we want to go
ahead and start tasting our pasta okay
so have a little strip here I'm going to
taste that
hmm
almost there almost there
about two more minutes will do okay
we've been that not possible for eight
minutes now become great and try and see
if it's done now if I can catch it I got
it then
oh yeah that's done there we go
cut your fire off and now what we're
going to do is okay we're going to go
ahead and strain our pasta now oh that's
hot okay next we're going to rinse our
pasta with some cold water okay here I
have our pasta cooked and ready to go so
what we're going to do is we're going to
let this sit here while we make our
delicious shrimp pasta sauce coming up
next get ready turn your fire on
medium-high heat okay so in a large
saucepan we're going to add about two
heaping spoon of bar
make sure that that's all the way melted
okay okay now that we have our butter
melted now we're going to add our green
onion
okay I'm gonna mix this in I'm go ahead
and saute that for about two to three
minutes okay it's been letting our green
onion sauce here for about three minutes
about three minutes okay and it should
be a nice little toast you lookin like
color look golden brown color okay and
next we're going to do is we're going to
go here and add our fresh basil our
garlic and our tomatoes
if you find that your five years a
little bit too high you want to turn it
down some okay we will saute that for
about two minutes okay we've been
letting this saute for about two minutes
now what we're going to do is we're
going to go ahead and add our shrimp
which we clean peeled and deveined so
this is about two pounds of shrimp so
you can go ahead and add that in there
I'm going to mix this in make sure your
fire is on on a medium-high we're going
to do is we're going to go ahead and
we're going to cover this and let this
simmer for a few minutes okay
we're letting this simmer for about
three minutes now and now at this point
you can go ahead and you can add your
season so what I'm going to do is I'm
going to add a little bit of tone
accessories Creole seasoning in there
just a little bit not too much
until that we're going to add a little
bit of Chef Paul Prudhomme seafood magic
okay with our next step in okay and now
we're going to do is we're going to let
this simmer for about another two to
three minutes
oh that's now so good oh Jesus man
okay we've been letting this simmer for
about two to three extra minutes okay
okay and now we're going to do is we're
going to go ahead and add our heavy
whipping cream
okay and we just gonna mix this in and
what we're going to do now is we're
going to bring this to a ball now you
want to be careful with boiling cream
because once it balls it foams up in a
tense to rise and float over your pot so
you want to make sure that you keep a
close eye out on this okay okay now that
we have our pasta sauce at a boil now
okay an excellent add is about 1/3 cup
of freshly grated Parmesan cheese okay
and you can add a bit more if you like
which I'm about to do about the way you
add a little bit more that will also
help with thickening process we're going
to do is we're going to mix that in oh
it's gonna give this pasta nextdoor near
a flavor or man
and now what I'm about to do is I'm
about to add a little bit more seasoning
a little bit more Tony saturates Creole
seasoning let's add a tad bit more not
too much we also add a little bit more
of seafood magic by Chef Paul Bedard can
add a little bit more add in there and
we're going to mix this in and what we
want to achieve this arm we want this
sauce to thicken okay so that means that
we're going to let it cook down some so
it may take up to about 10 to 15 minutes
to cook right to cook all the way down
okay
make sure your fire is on medium-high
heat and make sure you keep stirring
okay okay here we have our shrimp pasta
sauce which at the 10 minutes of boiling
as you can see it has thickened yes okay
next step we're going to go ahead and
gonna add a little bit of our pasta into
here now you don't have to net you don't
have to do this if you don't want to
okay you could probably do this to cut
your foil and set them aside and just
put your pasta on the plate and then
pour it on top and service but what I'm
doing is I'm going head and toss the
right on you
okay so we're going to do is go ahead
and mix this in just add a little bit up
at a time until you have everything
mixed in okay
after a few minutes of letting it settle
now we have it shrimp pasta now I'm
gonna go ahead and speak and have a
taste of this here yes my fork is clean
I just gotta clean off the thing go
ahead and try it out and see mmm y'all
just damn pasta is roller whoo just like
my crawfish pasta but there's only a
shrimp oh man this is awesome this is
delicious
so now we're going to do is I'm gonna go
ahead and serve this on plate and we're
going to make our garnish next
and next step is we're going to go ahead
and create our garnish okay to make our
sauce and go ahead and add a little
butter okay
and go ahead and let that melt down okay
now that we have that melted we're going
to add a little garlic kind of mix that
in a little bit
make sure your fire is on medium high
five to five is too high turn it down
okay and next thing we're gonna do is
we're gonna add our six strip
okay at this point turn your fire down
to medium-low
you
yes now ability to smell a garlic and
the shrimp goodness the butter oh yeah
go ahead and flip that over
sorry I gotta give my name from the
world
and cop you to foot idiot look at it you
Compu oh man it looks gorgeous look at
it am i doing million so you could see
this nice beautiful color okay our
shrimp are now done now we're gonna go
ahead and put it on our certain plate
here
okay and there you have it guys
shrimp pasta now it is time to eat oh my
goodness I can't wait to taste this man
that's kind of taken back this is the
real good oh my buddy it's nice it's
creamy
okay
hmm
the other eight microfiche possible this
is just like that but it's made with
shrimp and I'm telling you you open to
the desk uh stool and the other eight
their clock this Monica just dish just
like my crawfishing pasta dish is very
similar to that okay this is real good
over man you could taste the shrimp the
dog the basil tomatoes all together
there's no seasoning this moment hmm now
who troubleshoot ok because I want to
address some things I'm for my crawfish
possibility video I like to thank
Melanie for leaving his comment
she had noted that um yet when she had
got done cooking her food she had
noticed that there was a lot of grease
buildup at the lot of the bottom of a
boat now as you can see in this I cooked
this over our room and as you can see
this little to no grease buildup in this
ok there shouldn't be any grease buildup
whatsoever because I had a lot of cream
to it and I added about two tablespoons
about two heaping spoons of butter okay
so it wasn't a whole lot of butter I
added okay so the crawfish pasta video
the problem with all should be solved
now if you do happen that to find out
that your your get your cabinet liner
all build up then next time you make the
recipe just and about a tablespoon of
butter and that's it the more butter you
add the more greasy a will become okay
so light on the button okay but other
than that this recipe is delicious I
want you to try it when you make it if
you want to change something about it
change it make it your own
that's why I made this for you to try on
y'all okay
and just you know work with it you know
just don't add no seasonal and stuff
like that you'll be add the same exact
ingredients but you if you want to add a
little bit more shrimp add a little bit
more sugar if you don't want to add
something like
and the Parmesan cheese you don't have
to add that if you don't want to you
know there's a lot of different things
you can do with this okay
so enjoy hey guys I hope you enjoyed
this video like up subscribe to my
channel so you can enjoy all of my
delicious recipes cooked right here in
my kitchen if you have any questions or
comments please post them or you can
email me at Julie to cook Andrews at
gmail.com and tail then take care and I
hope