[Music]
hey homies so this is going to be part
two of reholstering your cushions for
your couch so you're going to to take
your cushion this is the before of the
cushion and has a zipper and some piping
but I'm not going to put the piping back
on I think I might do a different video
uh where I show you all how to put
piping onto your cushions then you're
just going to unzip um the back I
actually am going to reuse my zippers I
don't find any point of throwing away a
perfectly good zipper and I'm just going
to remove the entire piece of fabric or
casing off and this is what the cushion
is going to look like that's just paint
guys so I will be taking the top pieces
off the bottom pieces off the zipper the
zipper is still attached but I just used
my seam ripper and I got up in there and
I've taken the top part off and the
bottom part off which is pretty simple
and so now I'm just going to take my
same Ripper again and this is what
you're going to use to take all the
pieces off on the bottom and the top and
going to start ripping open each
seam just get all that old thread out of
there if it's still sewn together take
it apart but also remember to write down
or remember if you just have that type
of brain to um remember how which how
the pieces came how you took the pieces
apart I would say um I usually write
them down so I would say that small
little piece is one the zippered uh
piece of fabric is two and then the
final p will be three so that way I
remember how to sew it back together and
I'm going to lay out all of my pieces of
fabric and you're just going to start
pinning down the individual pieces of
fabric to your new
Fabric and so this is usually most timec
consuming part just doing all the
pinning but when that is done we're
going to cut everything out over
later and I'm going to continue to take
out the zipper so um this part of the
zipper is the same thing as any part
you're just going to pretty much turn it
over and start ripping out the threads
that are attached to the
fabric and you'll be able to see exactly
where those threads are um and then
sometimes you can just rip it but if
it's your first time don't go ripping
stuff you don't know how sturdy that
zipper will be cuz you don't want to
break the um zipper if you don't want to
go out and buy a new zipper so that's
basically how I'm taking the zipper out
of the old Fabric and also another tip
make sure that you do not unzip the
zipper all the way to the top you see
how I have about a good 4 in of zipper
that is closed up that is because if you
zip it all the way it will split and
it's very hard to get a cut zipper cuz
most of more than likely these zippers
are were longer originally and they got
cut so you don't want to not be able to
put it back together so only leave about
a couple of inches um of space
there all right so once you finish
taking the separating the fabric from
the zipper just going to Simply start
cutting out all of your pieces for your
cushions
[Music]
and I made my pillows reversible so so I
could reverse them anyhow you want you
don't have to do it this is just the
design style that I chose I wanted to do
reversible cushions if I was feeling
tropical on one side or feeling plain
old pink but that was just a design
Choice um just repeat the same uh steps
um with a a different color fabric if
you choose but other than that you
should have just cut out both pieces on
each side
and then I'm going to go ahead and cut
out the zipper fabric for the side
panels that go around the uh cushions
and then there are going to be notches
and they may not be necessary notches
but if you see any notches on the edges
of your of the old fabric cut it out
anyway they're usually there to help you
know where to match up the fabric so it
can fit properly back over the
cushion so to help me with a zipper
you're going to need your iron and press
out a seam I used the old piece of
fabric to let me know exactly uh where
the crease would have been so I pressed
it at first with the old piece of fabric
on top um but sometimes it doesn't give
you like the perfect crease so then once
you just get a little crease you take
your iron and you just press it really
crisp um without the old piece of fabric
and so what you're going to do this is
what you're putting in your zipper so
you're going to pin your zipper with it
open
now make sure you do not zip it all the
way up cuz then you will not be able to
put it back together sometimes but
you're going to take your
pins and you are going to pin one side
to the zipper and you're going to be
lining up the fabric along the teeth not
past the teeth but along the teeth you
don't need a zipper foot for your
machine usually lot of machines come
with their own feet um but you're going
to sew I would say about a fourth away
from the from the teeth of the
zipper and you're going to do your lock
stitch at the
end all right so it's time for the
second
part so now you have your one piece put
onto your zipper and you just want to
test it it can close just fine it's
perfectly fine but you're going to close
it up up now so now that when you put
your second piece of fabric on that
those pieces are even cuz if you do it
separately it may come out all wonky and
this way it ensures that each piece will
be on there evenly and once you zip it
the fabric won't Buckle or Bunch or
anything if it's already closed and it's
smooth when you pinned it then it's
going to be smooth when you sew it and
take it the pins
out so you're going to repeat the same
steps on the second piece of fabric
laying your your um fabric about on like
on the very edge of the zipper not the
zip the teeth but the back part of the
teeth of the
zipper and you're going to pin them down
and again you're going to sew your
second piece about the exactly the same
about a fourth of an inch apart so these
are my two
pieces that I have left for both sides
of the zipper and now I'm just going to
take the other pieces that were attached
and I'm going to sew those on as
well so this will be the next
piece that I will be sewing down and
then the other pieces that were attached
to the old fabric that I've cut out from
my new fabric will be then sewn on to
this next part and then it will become
one big circle hey homies it's your girl
Ashley the handy home girl and I know
this is the end of the video and this
should be like some more of the tutorial
coming at this point but sad story very
very sad sad story I don't have any
footage of how I ended the cushions I
don't thought I had some I don't and I'm
really set but I'm going to do my best
to um talk you through the rest of the
video um with the actual cushion the
finished one I'm going to take it off
everything turn inside out and then of
course of course of course I'm going to
do more couches and more chairs with
cushions and so this that time I will
get the ending footage but I think I got
the hardest part uh down on video for
you guys so what I'm going to do is I'm
just going to take this
off and just kind of talk you through
the end I think where we let where we
ended off in the video
was actually putting the top uh Fabric
and the bottom fabric on and also I got
you through put in the zipper which is
probably the hardest part and I probably
I'm going to do a very detailed zipper
video for those U give this video a
thumbs up or leave a comment in the box
below um if you want a detailed uh how
to put on a zipper video I'll definitely
do that for you if you want that um but
so far
just taking this off and I'm going to
turn it inside
out all
right so this is where you've done all
your sewing and of course like I said in
the video you are going to need a sewing
machine for your cushions so where we
left off was we were doing the side
panels so everything that you have taken
off I'm pretty sure that you know you
taken it off piece by piece and you have
uh recut it out out you have Siz it all
that stuff you use you cut out the
notches that were there and then you're
just going to sew it back together in
the exact same
order right so that is for this side
panel all the way around you're going to
sew it together this whole side panel
here the whole pink panel you're going
to sew that together each piece by the
seam so here's the seam for where the
zipper starts right here there's a seam
for that and this comes
around this comes around and then here's
the other seam and then here's other
seam where the zipper ends so that is
now one circular piece right and those
notches now remember those notches are
important because they tell you where to
place your uh side fabric onto the top
and the bottom panel so I use those n
notches to match them up with the seams
or if the top and the bottom patches had
a notch themselves then you match Notch
to notch like I said I will be doing
another cushion for you guys so you can
actually see I'm talking about but you
um you're going to match up your notches
right and then it's simp straight up
there make sure that you have leave a
space um your zipper could be it
shouldn't be all the way closed when
you're sewing up your top or your bottom
panel but leave like that much or a
little bit a little bit more as long as
you can get your hand back in there and
and zip it because if it's closed and
you sew your top and B bottom panels on
you're not going to be able to open it
back up and turn it inside out to put it
on your cushion so make sure that there
is a hole for you to go in and do that
so I sewed
on my bottom
panel right so that goes on first or you
could sew on your top doesn't matter or
you sew on your top panel
first right and it's just a you know
pinning pinning it hopefully you're
understand the pinning and like I said
said I will do another video on this but
you're going to pin it and then once you
sew on you're done so you you go inside
like this once you're done sewing you
open up your zipper all the way turn it
inside
out all right and you put your cushion
put it on your cushion foam is just a
little
much but yeah guys I was absolutely sick
when I'm searching high and low for this
footage and either it got
deleted or I don't know or I didn't do
it I don't remember I really don't cuz I
did both cushions but I know you guys
have been asking me Ashley Ashley
where's the cushions video I'm so going
to do I have to do another one now I
know that's okay though all right so
that's in and
then little more zip it on up if you
want to take your cushions off um and
wash them you definitely can um but yet
this is how I finished the cushions I'm
pretty sure that I got you far enough
where you could hopefully figure it out
and hopefully that my explanation was a
good enough um explanation for you to
get you through finish your cushion um
kind me email me Instagram me tweet me
if you have any questions I can talk you
through it we can FaceTime chat All That
Jazz and I will definitely get you
through the process of making and
completing your cushions for your couch
so this is the part two part three to
finish your couch will be coming up next
week all right guys thanks for watching
bye hey homies you can find more DIY
tips and tutorials at the handy homeg
girl.com and stay up to date by
subscribing to my blog
and my YouTube channel and you can also
follow me on Facebook Pinterest Twitter
and Instagram see you later guys bye