it is very very sweet because we are
very very sweet in the kitchen this
morning and I'm sure you're gonna love
our food theme today because we are
having fun with Sundays oh I love
Sundays and I'm sure you're gonna love
what our very very beautiful food
blogger Maurice bakumeter is going to be
making for us this morning
Maurice thank you for joining us it's
been a while yes how are you I'm great
how are you very very good good to see
you as you are looking very beautiful
so do you thank you so what are we need
to be making this morning I see bananas
yes we're making a banana split sundae
okay it's a caramelized bananas okay so
we're gonna start off by actually doing
the caramelizing of the bananas all
right okay so I think that's the classic
one hey that's the one that all of us
probably started out with when they
going to sundaes is the banana splits so
we start with 2 tablespoons of butter
all right some Demerara sugar okay I
have trouble with that word ha ha no
worries
god this is so beautiful this is what's
gonna give it this lovely caramelized
texture yes
so let's make sure I left it up or you
want to mix it up thank you just in case
I mess it up this is not easy to mess up
in yet
isn't it ok that's great so you let this
all malson like that
and you take a banana and you slice a
slice of length way all right and you
place a banana cut side down in the pan
for about two minutes and that'll just
live it you know caramelize and get in
all the delicious deliciousness looks
very good this is obviously you know not
a breakfast type meal you should have
this dessert well you know what I feel
about very very sweet things is the
earlier you have it the longer you have
to work at all that's a very good flavor
yeah I would I would be the one to have
this for breakfast okay
when I'm having chocolate cake for
breakfast tomorrow that's exactly what
I'm gonna say to myself well if you'd
like the recipe for a caramelized banana
split all you have to do is a mr. word
banana two three three seven two eight
we'll send you your pick and paste
shopping list and the link to the recipe
as well and you could be making this as
Marissa said is very easy recipe a bit
later on or in the morning if you're
like me yeah getting more beautiful and
golden as you can see the kind of me
mouth incredible I think that's the
butter I'm a big fan of fat are you oh
yeah yeah me I'm good fat as well you
can add it to just everything good and I
do as well when people say oh I don't
like but I'm like but why
that's like the best part right is it is
okay so can you give me the ice cream
all right I shall pass it along there we
go in these cute little containers yes
so we're using a strawberry ice cream
chocolate ice cream and vanilla and
vanilla okay let's turn that off in a
pull you scoop on the banana there we go
good job Maurice I'm trying to figure
out how to write this down both over
here you are just drooping on over there
some strawberry sadly it's like a three
color well we know that the ice cream
chocolate
are you a fan of sundaes as well yes I
am not just the day actual yeah I am I
love sand I love sweet stuff okay I eat
the main meal so I can have the dessert
Oh lovely I know people that eat the
dessert before the main meal yeah I feel
like that would be going too far for me
huh well let's go now on our Facebook
page what is your favorite sundae flavor
I mean there's so many of them and trust
me we're gonna be showing you some
interesting recipes for them throughout
the show but let us know on our Facebook
page because we really do love hearing
from you as you've seen here we're
making a very interesting one as well
for all of the sweet tooths out there so
we've added some chocolate chips I think
we can add a little man go for it
you can never have enough chronologic
last and then some whipped cream yummy
yummy yummy
oh I think this coming weekend people
are just going to this is one of those
weekend's where you really feel you can
go
yes you can it's Easter your little
family it's fine it is fun oh please
look at what what are you doing oh wow
chocolate sauce that is so decadent yes
it is delicious it should be I think
okay I need a moment from what Maurice
is doing that if you would like this
recipe once again for our caramelized
sundae
all you have to do is Miss the word
banana to three three seven two eight
and we will gladly pass this along to
you this is a recipe that must be made
and it's quite easy as well
here we go just the piece there is a
stones I can just imagine what that warm
banana with a caramelized you know
sugary buttery goodness is gonna taste
like with the ice cream and the cream
and the chocolate mmm and the chocolate
and the temperature and very nice and
more chocolate chips as well sad and the
cherry on top to finish oh and the
cherry on top now if you need to be
familiarized with the delicious tips
that we used for these caramelized
banana sundae for this caramelized
banana sundae recipe you can check this
out while I check this out
each together butter Demerara
and syrup place banana into caramel and
allow to caramelize on both sides scoop
ice cream into dish then drizzle with
chocolate sauce and top with cream
sprinkle with nuts and chopped chips
place banana in a bowl along side ice
cream then finish with the cherry on top
Maurice you have outdone yourself
thank you only a few moments in my life
that are going to be as amazing as this
one I think it's gonna be this one and
then maybe one day when I get married
and then maybe one day when I have my
first child but this one's gonna be in
there as well Hey here we go dun dun dun
dun
and yawns great moment this is a great
moment it's going there it's gonna be
incredible you need to get around us
okay I'm coming here we're gonna go to
an ad break but my goodness this is so
delicious Graham's gonna get in there
soon nice little sense