[Music]
thank you for joining us for another one
of seph's quick tips today we're going
to be talking about how to burp your
chocolate
fountain a lot of times when you
initially turn your fountain on an air
bubble will get caught in your Center
cylinder this air bubble will act as a
cork and it will impede the chocolate
flowing up your Center cylinder so that
it's not a full flow of chocolate when
it gets up to the top of the crown it
may then Crest over and as it Cascades
down each tier it will look drippy so
there's two assumptions that we're
making here the first is that you have
the minimum amount of chocolate in your
fountain that your fountain requires
this is seph's 18-in classic home
fountain it requires a minimum of 4 lb
of chocolate it will hold up to six I've
put about 5 lbs in the second assumption
is that you've melted the chocolate
properly both both of these are
absolutely necessary uh if you don't
have the minimum amount of chocolate in
the fountain frankly it's going to look
drippy it will not flow correct if
you've over or underheated your
chocolate likewise uh it will appear
drippy or you could have scorched it if
you heated it up too much and it simply
won't flow so the two assumptions that
we're working with is that youve put the
minimum amount of chocolate in your
fountain that the fountain requires and
that you've also melted it correctly on
each of the back of the bags of seph's
chocolate you'll find microwavable
melting instructions you can also melt
it in the base unit itself but we'll
save that explanation for another day
for today let's go ahead and turn this
fountain on and what I expect you to see
is chocolate going up the center
cylinder and then as it Cascades over I
don't expect a full and perfect curtain
we'll we'll talk about what to do next
just as soon as we see
that so it's pretty immediate you would
think that there isn't any error in that
Center cylinder because of how fast the
chocolate went up and cascaded over and
frankly
uh yeah there's definitely air in the
center cylinder because the chocolate's
just struggling to pour over each of the
tears um sometimes we do get questions
about how cold can it be right now it's
52Â° um what I'm going to go ahead and do
is I see the way this chocolate fountain
is running it's not running the way it
should um I'm going to go ahead and turn
the fountain off for about 15 to 20
seconds
and frankly the time doesn't really
matter what you're really looking for is
the air bubbles to pop out the top of
the fountain in the crown and also
you're looking for air bubbles to
possibly more than likely also pop out
at the bottom of the fountain right next
to the center cylinder as soon as those
air bubbles recede I simply turn the
fountain back on and you should then
have a full flow of chocolate going
up the center cylinder and cascading
back down and and you should have a
perfect flow nine times out of 10 that's
the only issue you're dealing with with
any chocolate fountain with any brand
manufacturer out there learn how to burp
your fountain and that will solve all of
your problems from sephra thank you for
watching if you have any questions give
us a call we are always here and happy
to help in any way that we can
oh
[Music]