got a fix bad brown a little brow hair
just try to go out to party like hello
my love's I'm coming to y'all raw and
real today with the vlog style again I'm
loving this vlog style it's just easy
for me it's do I can just hold the
camera right in my hands and we can get
sent one and poppin you know I'm saying
but anyways guys welcome back man I got
a lot of work to do yeah I got so much
stuff to do I'm over here I'm working no
saying but anyways welcome back to my
channel my love's today I decided to do
a how-to video of how to color how to
blend or how to color blend how to blend
I can't even get my word shape basically
I'm showing y'all how I blend colors
smoothly on paper and once I do start
the video don't pay attention to the
ball on the right the ball then make it
they just didn't make it to the video
the ball just it just um yeah it just
didn't work out so uh we're gonna say
that for like another video like I had a
color skin video or something but
anyways yes I don't know how long this
video is gonna be probably gonna be kind
of short but anyways I really hope that
this video helped you guys thank you all
for all of your suggestions on video
ideas on my community channel if you
guys don't know about the community
channel please keep your eyes open for
it cuz it's kind of like the Twitter of
YouTube and I can keep in touch with all
y'all there I think it's so convenient
it's just it's just perfect no I'm
saying like I love it it's just amazing
and oh gotta fix that brow a little brow
hair just tryna come out to party like
hello where did you come from can you
just get back in your party party bus
you know I'm sayin why are you why are
you there I'm sorry I was just getting
on my nerves that brow like that little
hair just always good south
but anyways enough of my talking let's
get started with this video you guys I
really hope that y'all learn something
from me y'all I'm still trying to learn
colouring you know I'm saying like
coloring is still like my weak point and
I need to practice with that this year
and my whole goal is to color more but
anyways yes let's get started with this
video you guys I hope you all enjoyed it
and I hope you all learn something from
it so yeah let's get started okay
alright in my love so let's get started
first I'm going to be showing you guys
the colors that I've been using I
decided to just go with a blue color
scheme so you know keep it nice and
simple so first thing I did was I made
three three circles just show you guys
the colors that I'm using and they go
from light to dark so I'll be using
three different shades of blue light
medium and dark so that's all those
letters mean right there so nothing
nothing too serious seem so these are
the color pencils that I'm using and
they are fabric cast oh those are my
favorite color pencils because I really
love how they're oil-based pencils and
they just they blend very well like
they're very smooth and yeah correct me
if I'm wrong when I said oil-based but
yeah they're all really good pencils but
first things first what we're gonna do
is we're gonna start out with our
lightest color because when I color or
when I shade with just pencil I make
sure that I just go really light you
know like I'm just I just make sure I
just do it very very light because you
know you if you go super dark at first
then you won't be able to go back you
know but if you're light you know you
just didn't gradually make things darker
so actually I kind of started off way
too well not way too dark but to me this
is way too dark but I started off a
little bit too dark but this is okay
because I want you guys to be able to
see it anyways so you just want to start
out like really really light first and
then you wanna just gradually build it
up by just going over it and you know
like if you see the little gaps that's
okay you just go over it again with the
pencil just take your time use the light
hand and just go over it cuz even if you
don't you don't have to use pressure to
like you know build layers because when
you just go over it multiple times with
that light hand
and it'll gradually build up okay so now
that we've got that as we go down we're
going to start getting a little bit
darker because it is possible to shade
with just one one color pencil you just
go from light medium and dark with the
color pencil depending on the pressure
that you use with your hand so there's
my really really light and then I'm
gradually going darker and also the way
that I hold the pencil right now it's
helping me to use a very light hand so
and also it helps me to shade a bigger
area of the paper since I'm holding the
pencil sideways and in art school they
sometimes tell you to hold the pencil
like this but whatever makes you
comfortable you know as long as you use
a light hand and that's fine we're gonna
go on with our medium and then we're
just going to do the same thing that we
did with the light blue start off light
at first go in the middle a little bit
so we're like crossing over with the
light blue and going down like this kind
of gradiate it towards the light blue
but for this process we're just
gradually building the colors up okay
now that we have our medium color down
what we want to do next is go back in my
color pencil box all I want to do next
is go back with the light blue and go to
the intersection of the medium and light
and I like to kind of crosshatch - I
don't know it just kind of um it kind of
stitches it together in a way if you do
it diagonal instead of this way it I
don't know for some reason it just helps
me to stitch together and it'll
definitely help to make for a smoother
transition too
[Music]
so just keep a light hand and go ahead
and cross over the medium with the light
sorry if I'm explaining this weird I
don't I don't even color as much as I
should like I'm still learning how to
color to like well not like I don't know
how to color at all but you know I'm
still learning like to get better
because I don't color that much because
this year my goal is to color more y'all
you know I'm Sam I'm gonna have a
colorful art book you know when I have a
sketchbook or a sketchbook tour that I
can show you guys that's full of colored
pictures just completed colored pictures
cuz I haven't done that in a while and I
actually haven't done that at all so
like I really want that to be my goal to
you know get out of my fear of coloring
my pictures oh but yeah anyways I'm
going back in with the medium blue and
I'm just kind of going back and forth
with these colors you know I'm just
going back and forth until I'm satisfied
and then you know I think in you'll
start to you know see everything kind of
fit together and mold together so yeah
it's not gonna look the way you wanted
it first but that's the joy in the
process of art so I'm going back and
forth with my lighting medium I don't go
a little further down so we could get
into the dark area
[Music]
they don't like to kind of crosshatch as
well because I give you a smoother look
to so cuz it don't have no white edges
of the paper because the reason why you
see those little white spaces in your
coloring is because of the paper type if
um you color what Bristol paper then
it'll be very smooth Bristol papers
primarily flat so it doesn't have a lot
of like valleys I guess you would call
them in the paper it's very small you
can't really see it unless you like use
a magnifying glass or something but it's
in the paper and that's why you see
those little white spots but it's all
good though you know singing so um yeah
but I'm gonna show you guys how to get
rid of that cuz you know I'm gonna this
is like you know the the cool and you
know sketchy kind of color pencils down
I'm gonna show you guys how to get it
real smooth and you know cover up all
those white parts I've got my light and
medium down I'm gonna go in with the
darker blue now and I'm gonna start a
little bit inside of the medium lightly
[Music]
gradually darken it up
[Music]
okay so now we can see that we have our
light or medium and our dark so next
we're gonna go since we just did our
dark we're gonna go back in with the
medium then we're gonna start going with
going on the section where the dark and
the medium intersect and coloring right
on top of that with the medium so now we
have this beautiful gradient of blue and
now what I'm gonna just do is just you
know keep going and with these colors
using the crosshatch effect and keep
going over you know the intersections
and stuff and fixing things up and yeah
basically just you know coloring over
and gradually using more pressure that's
what I forgot to mention gradually start
using more pressure using one pressure
and then you'll start to see everything
blend in flawlessly and you'll get that
nice blend of color that you want
[Music]
so I'm just kind of pulling the colors
and pulling the colors in to each other
basically
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
okay guys so this is the finished result
it's not perfect but you know I tried my
best y'all you know I'm still learning
how to color myself but I really hope
that this is able to help you guys I
know you guys did request this so yeah I
hope that you all learn something from
this that's the main thing that I
learned at least a little some song no
saying you can't learn nothing well man
but if you learn something then I'm
happy and yeah god bless you guys for
watching my videos regardless of me so
practicing and still learning myself you
know that means a lot that y'all still
want to learn for me even though I'm
still trying to learn myself so I really
appreciate that and I thank you all so
much for watching my videos I love you
all so much and I'm so blessed that God
has given me a community of support of
people like you to support me on my
journey like I'm so appreciative of it I
love you all so much and I cannot wait
to see what all the great things God has
in store for the future so thank you all
so much and yeah you guys peace love god
bless keep practicing keep drawing and
never give up
patience practice and passion is what it
takes and I pray that you all continue
to do that and that great things are
coming for all of you all as well so
thanks so much for watching this video
and I'll see you on my next one bye you
guys
I love you all so much and God bless
[Music]
[Music]
you