welcome to grandma's kitchen I got a GU
room for you today this is another
special request for a hot water
cornbread
okay so are you gonna need your coin
coin meal okay this is this is a cup and
a half we're gonna make enough for four
and a family okay and then you're gonna
need a half a cup of flour this is a
special request so you know who you are
okay and then we're going to need 1/2 a
teaspoon of salt and we're gonna need a
teaspoon of baking soda
all right and we're gonna need about a
tablespoon of butter and we're going to
need a small amount of sugar so that i
say about 1/4 of a cup all right we'll
mix it all together and then I'm going
over to the stove to get the water the
hot water it's okay I got some water
getting hot so I'm going over to the
stove to get the hot water ok I'll be ok
so we're gonna pour our hot water in all
right and we're gonna mix it up
a little bit more water
[Music]
the best way to mix it is with your hand
okay all right you get a little bit more
oh yeah that's about enough you'll make
it mushy see
okay
so we want we got a about a cup of hot
oil heating up on the stove so we gone
over to the stove
and we're gonna put them in our hot oil
okay so I met you at the stove welcome
back
I see it's gotta be doing like let go
see all right and you're making them
like you make croquettes okay and it's
the flour ain't doing enough
you just have to battling do enough you
just add a little bit more flour okay
all right so here we go gonna drop it in
see all right and use the cold water so
you can keep your hands boys okay all
right
yeah
[Music]
all right
okay
welcome back now see what it looks like
I'm here try it over you see how they
look okay and then we're going to drain
them on paper towel okay because we want
to drain the grease out of them okay all
right so I'm gonna finish cooking them
then I'll be back and I'll show you the
finished product
welcome to Grandma Donna's tea time is
tea time her grandma laughing with great
love and respect I greet you in the name
of Jesus I appreciate you and letting me
come into your home's at tea time may
the Lord bless you and keep you may the
Lord make his face to shine upon you and
be gracious to you may the Lord lift up
his countenance upon you and give you
his peace today the peace that passes
all understanding I had to create to be
soaked in the name of Jesus amen amen
amen amen amen
I want to talk about how to motivate
yourself because if we don't put what we
learned into practice then it's we
wasting our time so the hardest part is
to get to begin the devil don't want you
to begin he makes you feel that you have
so much stuff to do you ain't that
come on now even human Rockefeller
wasn't that busy even Bill Gates ain't
that busy so come on now and they can
make their millionaires and billionaires
you know so you you gotta prioritize and
stay motivated to get the job done
remember we
the army of the Lord okay all right and
we are going to have to certain things
we're going to have to do every single
day you know and remember what God has
not given us a spirit of fear but of
power and of love but it will sound man
everything can break down and burn out
okay or a crash all right
you must simply repair it so when you
feel that you're getting sluggish and
that you're not getting up doing what
you should do every day
then you gotta regroup you don't me you
must face it okay what's going why am i
sluggish maybe you need to get some
violence I take violence I don't have to
take prescription medication I thank God
for that
thank you Jesus but I do take vitamins
and I do you know I do natural stuff to
chew chew you have energy and to you
know because listen I cannot walk my my
girls we can go to the mall and I can I
think I can I come out walked in but I
take care of myself you know I'm saying
I use a lot of natural stuff and and I
do take vitamins I do take and I take
listen I don't take cheap vitamins or
less let me get that straight I don't
take I don't take the value just goes to
cheap I want to make sure that they a
good brand I take a good brand okay I
don't mind paying extra money cuz I'm 76
years old and I saw I have seen that it
works you know cuz I'm gonna living
proof you know I'm saying because most
of the people that I know my age they
they are in walkers or their own
crutches already got Kings so I'm just
saying I know that it works and so I
just if I know it works I'll go the
extra miles and I'll pay the extra cost
to do it right okay all right so uh you
must simply repair it if you are if
you're not motive you not motivated okay
and you must face it you must confront
it
and number one you must correct it find
out why wow so tired why am i so
sluggish you know me committing yourself
to remain unmotivated will compound your
problems until you lose everything
including your health remember them all
right and listen you got a motive it's
your responsibility to motivate yourself
okay is nobody else responsible but you
you gotta take start taking
responsibility over your own self okay
all right okay
you must keep going until you hit the
vein of the goal again see remember when
tippy had to grow go Russian California
those guys they kept they kept going to
they struck it struck a bridge okay we
gotta do the same thing and I like be
motivated and it was motivated it was
motivated why because they know that
they could get go we motivate because we
know that we can be more than conquerors
and we are more than conquerors and we
motivate because we in the army of the
Lord we Navy SEALs in the army of the
Lord and our captain's five-star general
is the Holy Ghost and he puts us every
day every second and listen he's a
gentleman he's not remember cuz he has
five stars he's a gentleman he'd not
gonna force you he's not gonna drag you
he's not gonna beat you up he going to
allow you to make your own choices and
we got to choose okay we have to choose
that we wanted you know that's what we
got to do okay all right you know me it
don't happen automatically I want you to
know that you must take your you must
take the necessary steps to keep moving
forward you know I mean and and and even
if you have to disconnect with some of
y'all oh you'll never change square
trends because you know some some people
don't want to change and they don't want
to see you change and they don't want
you but they figure that if you change
you may lead them at what ya
that's what you want to do the thing if
they die going the way you're going and
they don't have the initiative if they
don't have the same goals and
aspirations that you have okay
and it's nothing wrong with it and you
know you don't have to dislike them you
just can just cut yourself loose from
them okay by me you know because y'all
are on the same page okay your success
is determined about your ability to stay
motivated remember that all right and
don't expect your husband to motivate
you don't expect the preacher to
motivate you don't expect your sister
your brother nobody love you you you get
look you get motivated okay you you are
the took you responsible for motivating
your own self
okay and I hear a lot of people tell me
oh she don't make me happy but he don't
make me happy come on now
you know they expect people to motivate
them to make them happy
come on now no get that out of your mind
you are you have everything you need
inside you and you great and you can
motivate yourself if you just you want
to a new determine - okay if you
determine it will it will happen okay
the day will come that you lose your
incentive your energy or enthusiasm for
your dreams so because you know it
happens to all of us
you know I mean we won't give up on out
because you know they figure we are in
America in America we're like a
microwave Society so if it don't happen
we push the button in a microwave then
you know we without food right away
going everything quick and you know
hurry so if you don't have we get
unmotivated unmotivated but we got to
set them down and relax and it slow down
and simplify our lives and stay
connected to the mind you know I mean
when you find yourself getting sluggish
enough
pray pray more okay all right motivation
suppress is processing incentives and
rewards for your pursuing a design goal
so you and another thing we must do
start doing is write down our goals
that's very important it's it's very cuz
you know what when you write down your
goals you can go back and look over and
see how far you've come
you know if you got you got a reference
point you can you can look back and you
can see you know how how much progress
you made and if you count your blessings
you're really realizing understand that
you know blessed what you really think
you are ok I mean all right ok it's your
personal responsibility to motivate
yourself towards your dreams it's your
responsibility you know I mean and stop
blaming on other people because you ever
since the phone we've been blame we're
good at blaming we blame everybody you
know me we blame everybody stop blaming
people and take your heart out your life
and be responsible for it and know what
you got to do and do it you can do it
you gotta you gotta get you we're just
lazy
we just lazy but listen let's not be
lazy anymore let's think about who we
are what we can do and how we can do it
and write it down your goals and your
dreams and don't give up on never give
up on never a winner and we're winners
because we get a Navy SEAL we got Navy
SEALs and Army on the Lord winners never
quit and quitters never win so we're not
gone quicker we we gotta win we win it
ok alright thank you so much for grandma
time T time grandma doc welcome back now
you see this is our finished product hot
water cornbread ok so all you needed
something to eat with some beans green
peas whatever you want to eat with it
alright but there it is right there
and there you have it it's very fast
it's very simple it's very easy and it's
very delicious
alright so you know who you are
the
a special request so try and then hit me
up and let me know that you tried it and
that you liked it
alright okay alright remember I have a
cookbook dothis Mississippi soul food
alright if you are the one I will
autograph it and I was sitting it back
to you by return mail and I will give
you a free gift from me and you ordered
from eBay alright
eBay helps all the sales on the books
for me and you go on eBay and you um if
you order from eBay I will send you an
autographed copy but hands all the
finance and everything you can get it
from Amazon also but I can't I wouldn't
be able to autograph it so I prefer you
ordered from eBay because they I ship
them from myself from woody but you
order from eBay you it'll come directly
to me but on Amazon it don't come that
way so if you order it from eBay on eBay
you would get an autograph and then from
Amazon you don't get an autographed copy
but for me baby you can get an
autographed copy because eBay they have
all the finances and then they even
print the labels for me so I can do that
I can I'm the one the ships so I can see
that's why I can autograph it alright
okay so remember I need some subscribers
tell your friends tell your neighbors
tell your co-workers to subscribe for my
doctor's kitchen alright okay and you
turn your button on and you subscribe to
all right okay all right don't forget I
have a um my autobiography I have some
of that it's three dollars off its 14.95
if you are the one BB has them if you
are the one you would get autographed
copy and I'll return it to you by return
mail okay
this is a piece is it's a 31-day Journal
and if you order for me on ebay our
excited and I'll autograph our autograph
and I send him back to you by returning
me it's a 31-day journal it's very very
easy it's talking about inner peace and
it's a very it's a very good book okay
all right
and this is prison brief and I'm talking
about the mental prison I'm talking
about how to break out of your mental
prison I was in the free world and I
wasn't free and I didn't know it a lot
of people free but they don't know it
but if you have to have medication
prescription medication to survive
you're not you in the free world but not
free now I'm not saying if you senior
citizen and you need certain you got off
the rice or something you need certain
type of man that's a different story but
I'm talking about all these young folks
and all these people that's middle-aged
and haven't even rich 50 years old yet
and they taking all this medicine and
they'll do anything to get the medicine
you ain't a free run you ain't a freak
but you don't know that you thank you
free but you're not free and if you have
to have people of somebody to be happy I
mean you know your happiness is a state
of being you you you have it and it
extends from its out it's within so if
you have to have something on the
outside that make you happy you in a
free world in a free so there's a lot of
reason you could know whether you in a
free world are not free and do you know
that now you can check thick statistics
I mean the mental prisons and people
mentally is skyrocket in America it's oh
they're everywhere everywhere people are
in prison in in mental prison so this
book is very good like it's it it's on
time Prison Break that's what I'm
talking about how to break out of your
mental prison amen
all right so there's 1795 if
by one from our same way they all on
eBay
I autograph them and send them back to
you by return mail okay and this is
aprons we're gonna be they don't eBay
you can get your apron from eBay also
and this is great this is a color I have
right now
and the reason why I love it is because
look you can just make it the size you
want one size fit all it has nice
pockets it's very nice I love it and
this is the only color I have right now
is the red and in the black but
eventually I'll be getting other colors
but right now this is what I have all
right so these $24.99 and you get also
from eBay and I'll ship them out to you
alright happy eating to you