hi I'm Cindy from bee dance we're common
in this video I'm going to show you how
to use fabric dyes it's really simple to
do and you can create your own unique
color that no one else has so if you're
looking for a specific color your
favorite color and you can't find it in
fabric this is the video for you so
there's a few simple techniques that I
like to use for dyeing fabric I like the
rip die the best the others I found the
colors don't come out very rich with the
type of fabrics that I'm dying
there's the sink method where you just
use really hot water in the sink you can
boil some and put it in there to make it
a little bit hotter but usually I do
that when I want to really get my hands
in there so only make it as hot as your
hands can handle being in there for a
period of time there's the stove top
method you will never want to put your
hands in that pot because you'll boil it
and that will give you the richest
darkest colors there's also the washing
sheet top-loading is the best for that
I've tried it with the front-loading and
it just never quite comes out there's
always one knotted up piece of fabric in
there that's missed the color of the dye
so with that being said let's go ahead
and get started I build up such things
almost all the way with really hot water
add a little bit more you can use the
powdered mix but if you do that I put
them in a bowl here you'll really want
to mix it around with some hot water
make sure it's all dissolved so you
don't have little flakes of color my
favorite is a liquid but sometimes you
can't find that color you need you're
gonna need about twice as many of the
boxes to equal one container of liquid I
prefer when I'm switching colors and I'm
trying to make my own color to have
either both liquid or both powder
because it'll give you that same ratio
you'll know two to one or one to one
makes it easier than trying to convert
powder and liquid so in for this I'm
gonna go ahead and pour the liquid dye
into this hot water I'm gonna really mix
it around mix it really good be careful
where you set this you'll get dye on
your counter so you want to make sure
and bleach everything out afterwards
now I'm gonna take my piece that I want
to die go ahead and put it in the water
gonna squish it around make sure
all the color gets all over and seeing
how it's getting that nice rich color
and just get it in there more move it
around make sure you don't have any
white spots you want to look for
something like this you want to make
sure put it back in if you get that and
really really just wash it out there we
go now let's go ahead and drain it I'm
gonna put it on cold water and I'm gonna
rinse out the item really get it wet
nice cold water will stop the dyeing
process so it's really important to do
and then once you're all done with that
just wring it out get most the water out
a lot of times I'll take a towel that I
won't use for anything else once I've
got it really wrung out what I like to
do is I like to then roll this up
squeeze it all out and then I can take
this and hang it outside hang it
wherever I need it to be so that it can
dry once it dries I like to really wash
it out if you need to and you keep
seeing color come out add some salt to
the water or vinegar it'll help stop
that dyeing process and set in the ink
so once you've washed it and there's no
more color coming out then go ahead and
throw it in the dryer now remember I
always if I use the washing machine
method take some old towels from around
the house use some bleach and just
really clean out that washing machine
otherwise you're gonna stain all your
clothes after that and then in the dryer
make sure and tumble those towels in
there also so if there's any trace
amounts of color it'll definitely come
out from those towels that have been
bleached out already and that's a really
simple way to dye your costumes and dier
clothes thank you for watching our video
and if you enjoyed it make sure and
click here to subscribe because we're
gonna have some amazing DIY videos
coming out and if you want to get our
free complete dance costume DIY guide
click right here or go to be dancewear
comm slash DIY guide and lastly if you
have any questions or ideas for future
videos please leave it in the comments
below thanks again for watching our
video and remember be original be
colorful be dance wear calm