[Music]
hi guys I'm Laura Vitale on this episode
of Laura in the kitchen I want to show
you how I make my classic all-american
cream cheese frosting now before you
start with oh it's so unhealthy there's
so much butter and cream cheese and
sugar I get that but it's been highly
requested and it's not the kind of thing
that you need every day I certainly
don't but you know once in a while it's
perfect to top anything from a cupcake
to a muffin to a regular cake to cookies
even and you know I figured it's been so
highly requested I'm going to show you
how to exactly how to make it it's
simple and easy takes just a few
ingredients but hey it's a classic
American little it's a classic American
frosting so I have to show you how to
make it right so before we get started
let's go over them you're going to need
some confectioner sugar or icing sugar
or powdered sugar you're going to need
some room temperature cream cheese
unsalted butter some milk and vanilla
extract
does your ingredients big shocker right
easy and simple again don't want to hear
anything about how unhealthy this is
because if you know me you know that I
do cook you know I cook pretty healthy I
like to think but desserts are the thing
that you get lost in once in a while you
just need you know you have that craving
for something so I don't want to hear it
so you're going to put your butter in
your cream cheese in this bowl along
with your vanilla extract I just won a
little bit of it and all I'm going to do
is I'm using my handy dandy help make
handheld mixer year I'm gonna mix these
two together just to get them combined
and then I add my powdered sugar
it looks great now I'm going to add in
my confectioner sugar and slowly
otherwise you're going to get it a
facial out of this you're going to want
to mix this in until you have a nice
creamy component now that that's
combined I'm going to add in my milk and
mix that it and that is it now it is a
little bit loose at first that's what
you're looking for because once you put
this in the fridge for a little while to
set before you frost anything you want
to frost what happens is hold on what
happens is if you start with a really
thick consistency when you cool it it's
gets even thicker and then it's really
difficult to spread over your pumpkin
you know in pumpkin or your cupcakes or
your cake
whoa buddy I do that all the time but it
usually wait till you guys go before I
take before I put that down anyway all
I'm gonna do is put this into a bowl and
I'm going to set this in the fridge for
me to use on my pumpkin cupcakes which
you guys are going to have to wait for
another episode to check that out but
for now I'm going to just cover this
lick the spatula once you guys are gone
pop this in the fridge and it's ready
for me to use any time I want to use it
that's it super simple and easy an
American classic that I think everyone
should know how to make takes a few
ingredients but I'm telling you what
this is best this is the best cream
cheese frosting my friends and everybody
I make it for say they've ever had
because it's the consistency it's really
what makes it so that's it symphonies in
the cupboard pop in the fridge I'm gonna
see you next time and I hope you guys
enjoy spending time with me to get this
recipe another school www.and kitchen
column last unit
my
[Music]