hope stle baby where are the vastos
we're here to
[Music]
be hi I'm Marco vashro and today I'm
going to be showing you how to make
garlic knots with my mom because she's a
great cook not as good as my dad not as
good as my dad do not say that so first
we're going to start with some pizza
Bell sometimes we make it sometimes we
buy it on a busy week we buy it right on
a busy week we buy yes first thing we
need to do is roll out our
D Mom good job okay so now we're going
to cut it into 1 in strips so now we're
going to fold them into
knots Mom what you doing that looks good
doesn't it this one flat try this one go
around like this and tuck it under there
you go good job
job so now we're going to brush it with
some olive
oil we're going to let these rise a
little so we're going to make some
garlic water okay so now we're going to
add the 3 oz of butter which is almost
the whole
stick I love butter Mom it tastes like
vanilla ice cream oh really now we're
going to take five cloves of garlic and
we're going to chop it up make sure
that's
five Mama use the knife please not until
you're you're an adult H that's going to
be in like 70 years all right we're
going to add this to our butter we're
going to get a handful of parsley and
we're going to chop that up
too watch for your finger okay we're
going to add the
parsley a nice big pinch of salt can I
do that I want to do that go ahead good
job put it in perfect we're going to mix
this all up M I wish you guys can smell
this from home now that these garlic
knots have RIS
now we're going to put them in the oven
you're going to bake them at 400Â° for
about 14 minutes or until golden
brown okay be careful the Pan's hot okay
we are going to brush this delicious
butter onto the garlic knots mom don't
be cheap with the butter mommy's never
cheap with the butter all right you
ready to taste yeah go ahead go in
there how is it good delicious yeah
that's how you make garlic not whole B
and St
baby for more of these recipes go to
tlc.com/worsttattoos
[Music]