hello my name is Isabel Morton as many
of you know I attended the 2017 - phones
M show which is one of the largest gem
shows in the world
there are so many amazing treasures of
the earth there including some very
special crystals usually we hunt for
quartz clusters this year I brought home
some clusters that we don't usually
carry they were so beautiful and had
really good prices so I thought I'd
offer them to my customers if people
like the idea of me picking out special
treasures I might continue to do that
we'll see I'm primarily here to serve
you and your needs so this year we have
two special types of crystal clusters
celestite and amethyst we have three
amethyst crystal clusters I chose them
from about a hundred amethyst clusters
and these had the most consistent color
and had a pleasing shape this is one of
them this is amethyst
0:01 you could if you had an amethyst
necklace you could spiral it around like
this the amethyst this particular one
has a nice flat spot so you could also
drape an amethyst necklace over it but
really no other necklaces would work
other than amethyst I noticed that the
amethyst cluster does rejuvenate the
amethyst necklace but really these
amethyst clusters are for uplifting your
home and this is amethyst 0:01
and here's amethyst
0:02 if you've noticed all of these have
a rich purple color you can also set on
its side or stand up here's some
amethyst spheres and what that might
look like spiraled around MSS zero zero
two and here's the heaviest one amethyst
zero zero three can stand up there we go
on that side or you could lay it flat
you lay it flat your necklace could
potentially be draped on top the
amethyst cluster can help broadcast an
amethyst necklace throughout the room
the energies of amethyst but it really
doesn't work so well with any other
gemstone this is amethyst zero zero
three okay here's a small piece of
celestite this is celestite number one
and this has very consistent powder blue
colored crystal very sweet real stone it
tells probably best if you just laid it
on its back like this
perfect for a little home altar or at
your bedside or even on your desk your
cell Estate number two these crystals
are a little bigger and they're on the
bottom of the cluster too there's some
matrix in here and this also sets nicely
on its back
okay here's celestite number three this
is an awesome piece it has so many
little nooks and crannies in it like
little caves of celestite mostly large
crystals but there are also smaller ones
growing as well which gives us a really
interesting look to it big crystals and
small crystals and then this very
interesting way it's grown so this is
celestite number three and it sets down
very nicely a beautiful addition to a
mantelpiece
here's our biggest celestite this has
also large crystals and small crystal
here's the back of it the matrix and you
can see the cells die crystals peeking
through this rock matrix so little caves
I love these caves are always so
interesting turn it around
[Music]
this is definitely a heavy one here we
go
it sets very nicely also if you wanted
to put it on a stand you could do that
so it was more upright although it does
stand by itself in that orientation
this is celestite number four okay
here's our celestite collection as you
can see the color is all a powder Baloo
this is number one seller to number
three and number four