if you are fed up continually painting
your floors choose one of the high
performance paints from the online
resistant range the hard wearing gloss
finish of our paints provides an easy to
clean and chemical resistant surface
which is ideal for commercial and
industrial areas subject to heavy duty
daily traffic up in Scotland a customer
with an industrial lorry maintenance
workshop did exactly that they even went
one step further by using a contrasting
color scheme of red and gray they
created walkways for their employees to
navigate safety through the workshop to
the internal office block and to and
from the exits we travel to their
warehouse to follow their progress and
see how they were getting on on-site we
met their installation team where they
were busy finishing the floor
preparation ready for painting because
of a few rough patches in the existing
concrete floor they opted to use an
industrial floor grinder to help create
a smooth even surface which paired with
an industrial vacuum removed any excess
surface dust and debris once clean they
measured out the two walkways down
inside of the workshop and marked them
out with durable floor tape to prevent
contamination into the central area
first up was the red for the walkways
the clear hardener component was emptied
into the red resin paint and mixed
thoroughly using a mixing paddle
attached to a drill until the uniform
color and consistency was achieved the
mixed paint was then poured into a paint
scuttle as the contents become very warm
using a paintbrush in small roller then
set to work painting the edges corners
and hard-to-reach spots of the walkway
then using a wide short pile roller
attached to an extension handle they
applied the remaining paint in one thick
even coating working it into the surface
with long even parallel strokes the high
build formulation of the paint ensured a
good film thickness so one coat was
sufficient if a second coat is required
on your project it can be applied as
soon as the first coat is drying
although more than one unit was required
to cover the floor surface of the
workshop only one unit was mixed at a
time to ensure an even consistency for
the best result we recommended that they
reworked the previous two to three
square meters with light parallel
strokes on completion they clean their
equipment using resist all safer solvent
and change the paper rollers ready to
start the gray using exactly the same
process the gray paint was me
together and decanted into a scuttle
before being applied to the central area
of the workshop with a roller the epoxy
paint can also be used on metal surfaces
for added protection and so was applied
to the surrounds and the access panels
located in the floor the warm and dry
conditions on the day created the ideal
conditions for painting the workshop and
the shutters were also open allowing
good ventilation throughout the floor
paint is best installed at approximately
15 degrees Celsius
however for colder environments we offer
a cold cure paint with temperatures
between 0 and 10 degrees Celsius on
completion the floor tape was removed
and a dividing walkway line was later
painted once a workshop floor had cured
the Lorre workshop is now fully
operational with its brand-new
hard-wearing floor perfect for heavy
traffic moving around for more
information on the gloss floor paint
using this product click the top right
of this video now order from us online
we look forward to hearing from you