hey guys and welcome back to another how
to tutorial and today i'm going to show
you how you can make this really awesome
working hot tub so guys stay tuned and
i'm going to show you how you can make
it right guys to make this really cool
working hot tub we are going to need all
the blocks that you can see right in
front of me we are going to need quartz
stairs quartz slabs spruce trap doors
now this is a new feature in minecraft
1.13 so you need that version to be able
to get spruce doors soul sand and water
buckets now once we have all of these
blocks guys we then need to find an area
of where we want to build our hot tub
now the first thing we're going to do is
grab our court stairs and we're going to
build the outer frame to our hot tub now
this block here is going to be the back
of our hot tub so i'm going to place two
blocks down like that and then two on
the end either side so this is the back
of our hot tub right here so now we're
going to do is start turning it around
to make a square so i'm going to put
three more on this side like this and
then i'm going to go around this side
put three more like that then i'm going
to connect these two together just like
that now this is going to be our hot tub
shape right here now you can make this
any shape you want i'm just going for
this size right here now we need to get
our spruce trap doors now we need to put
these around the outside of our hot tub
now fun fact guys all the features that
we're going to be using for this hot tub
today are using the new 1.13 features
now you can either use the new snapshot
to make it or you can wait till 1.13
comes out but once that's released you
can definitely make this in any of your
worlds really easy so once we've done
that and we've put the trapdoors all the
way around we get this cool looking
frame for our hot tub and it looks
really realistic so now we need to do is
go on the inside and where we see this
grass in the middle we need to dig down
two blocks so one two just like that and
do that on every single one just like
that now at the bottom of this hole
we're going to put soul sand like this
and then where we see the dirt around
the edges we're going to replace that
with quartz slabs we're just going to
put some quartz slabs in there just so
it looks a lot better and we can't see
the dirt at all so it's going to do that
all the way around now this is all of
our hot tub complete so what we need to
do now is actually put the water inside
and now this is where we get our work in
hot tub so if you didn't know in the new
version of 1.13 you can put water in
places that you couldn't put it before
so in us in the in our stairs right here
we can place water in the corner of our
stairs which makes it super awesome and
doesn't make it look glitchy or anything
like that now if i put water all the way
around as you can see we get this really
cool looking hot tub that actually has
bubbles coming out of the bottom of it
now with the bubbles what is causing
that is the soul sand that is underneath
the water in 1.13 soul sand produces
bubbles in water and i think magma
blocks also produce bubbles but if you
put it all together like this guys and
you look at it from this angle we get
this awesome looking hot tub that you
can just put in your house and it looks
super realistic because you actually
have bubbles and if you're on a server
or anything like that you can actually
sit down on the stairs and make it look
really realistic but there we go guys a
really simple hot tub that you can make
in the new minecraft 1.13 but if you
enjoyed this tutorial today and you want
to see more just like this and you never
want to miss an upload from me all you
need to do is click on the little bell
symbol next to the subscribe button and
you will be notified every time i upload
a brand new tutorial but thank you so
much for watching i really hope you
enjoyed it and i will see you again in
another how to tutorial
you