hi guys today I'm going to explain to
you the experiment how to blow a balloon
using vinegar and baking soda we all
know that we blow balloons with our
mouth however I'm doing this
experiment thinking that when mixing
vinegar and baking soda in a bottle
it'll make the balloon blow my
hypothesis is that when mixing vinegar
and baking soda in a bottle it'll make
the balloon blow because vinegar and
baking soda might produce gas and since
balloons need gas to inflate they will
do the following the materials I used
for this experiment were one plastic
bottle B one balloon 1/2 cup of vinegar
and 1/4 teaspoon of baking
soda first you have to pour the vinegar
into a bottle at least 5/2 cups of
vinegar would be enough then you put the
1/4 teaspoon of baking soda into the
balloon you close the bottle with the
balloon and you shake the bottle the
result of this experiment was when we
placed the balloon filled with baking
soda over the plastic bottle with
vinegar inside the balloon expanded the
conclusion for this experiment is that
the vinegar and baking soda caused a
chemical reaction which created a
formation of carbon dioxide that help
the balloon inflate thank you for
watching bye