welcome to another video of do you know
to do today we have another cushion
problem can you explain that I can and
the reason why you have cushion problems
well most of the complaints are from
cushions is because obviously you use it
every time you sit down they take a lot
of abuse these particular problems been
bothering this person is client of ours
for about four years minimum she's had
work done on before and she wasn't happy
with the results so she gave it to us
hopefully we can make her happy if your
cushion is matting in the front and
getting real flat smashed down in the
front and it doesn't look as plush and
his crown is at once then when it was
new this could be your problem and we
can help you
deathly so keep watching
here we are again we're just testing
all right try to save a dead ship so
we're gonna simply take you step-by-step
on how we solve this problem first thing
is to get the cushion out of the cover
and then get that foam out of the duvet
wrapping all right now I see you doing
that I'm going to cut the other part of
the phone that we're going to glue to it
yeah cuz we already know the size from
the other one right never going to need
so this is our day
I don't really like fast forwarding it
seems a little cheesy you know so as you
can see this is the foam core inside
that duvet cover or that feather
wrapping but a little word of caution
when you're opening up to get out the
foam core make sure you don't go into a
feather pocket you don't have feathers
everywhere you can see they're sewn like
this here where this is opened up in the
foam core can come out so what I got to
do is get this out I'm going to show you
how I came to the conclusion that we
just need to make this foam a little bit
longer and that's all it is so it's not
going to be easy but once you find out
the first problem if you have a
two-seater unless this is a chair you
have to take this thing out but this is
a loveseat so we have just two we're
going to deal with that you don't need
to do the second one what I would do is
just peel this back like this hear that
enough so I don't get glue on the cover
glue this glue your foam piece that
you're going to stick on because you
know the measurements you've already got
everything you need and then just put
that onto the foam core and then close
this back up and it'll match the first
one you did but for the viewing sake I'm
going to pull this out of here and show
you how we came up with what we did
try not to move the feathers too much
where they're pooling in one area try to
keep it as flat as you can just do the
best you can one thing I don't like in
particular that this factory did is they
didn't put pockets in here there should
be pockets that keeps the feathers from
shifting from the back or to the front
they didn't do that so I could literally
shake all these feathers toward the
front or toward the back so the better
quality ones I mean it's a decent
reputable manufacturer but they could
have done another step that might've
even brought it up even higher is put
some seams right here the the better
ones do that this one didn't do that so
I want to set this aside over here bring
the foam over isn't this lovely and
we're gonna take our tape measure
I remember we measured the outside cover
and it was 28 and this here is 26 cut
now the left to right wasn't a problem
okay so we didn't deal with that but it
is a problem with the front to back
front here back there two more inches I
think would do it because 26 plus 2 is
28 and that's going to make this foam go
toward the front so what I'm gonna do is
I don't like spraying indoor so I'm
going to take this outside I'm going to
spray on with grant cut is the one right
here which is 2 inch piece of foam right
there and that should be perfectly fine
that's going to give us that much more
room toward the front of the cushion
okay so when we put this on glue this
one rather I'm going to put this back
into the debate or feather covering
incidentally when you do spray spray
both services spray this and spray the
actual foam core itself that gives a
real strong bond so that's what I'm
gonna do next I'm gonna peel this little
label off go out there and spray and be
right back ok so it's all glued and
ready to go all we got to do is get it
back in its cover right now we cemented
before that we felt like this foam was
worth saving we do now how do we tell
that it's worth saving from this you
know
that's a great question you know the
complaint was that the Klein didn't like
it shifting from the front to the back
okay so when we pulled it out of the
duvet cover we saw that it was very few
no firm keeping its buoyancy I used to
shave yeah look like it was in good
shape and you know it we don't like
throwing things away if we don't have to
and the great thing is you get to give
clients good news because it's going to
be less expensive so that's the best
news yeah they love that it's not gonna
be a complete replacement so that's what
we determine like a this film is not bad
I jumped on the phone and and told her
that I think I can solve the problem
without replacing all the foam and she
said okay great but I think the first
thing really excited was you know less
cost I did tell her that first but
nonetheless I think she was happy that
she could save it as well
and if you can do that you're gonna save
yourself money and you're gonna save
keeping the stuff out of the landfill
you're gonna keep it out longer than it
then it would have yeah right it still
has a long life you know it's not like
this thing's got like a couple weeks
he's got years
yeah ears ago right right so just keep
it going and that's what that's what we
did so that that's a good question
that's how we could tell that the
buoyancy is there the shape was there
but most importantly the comfort is
there she didn't complain about that she
complained about the shifting and we
think this is going to solve the problem
in fact we know it's going to solve the
problem so let's get it back in this
tube a cover and we're gonna show you
how it's gonna look all right so you're
going to want to start with the halftee
and the reason why we say that because
obviously it's half of a t-there's it's
missing the other leg if you would we're
going to get this started
by actually let's start by going in like
this try to work the T in first for the
half T
compress it down try to keep the boxing
that is this the band whatever you want
to call it border lined up and keep
flipping it over like I said before this
one doesn't have the sound pockets which
I listen oh I wish I wish I wish it did
because the feathers would stay in one
area now reach your hand up in this area
for the halftee and work it up in there
okay this looks pretty good this one did
a little bit better than the first one
because the other one a lot of the
feathers pilled right here in the center
I see too much activity going here
toward the back so all I got to do is
shift these forward some ways you can do
that since this does not have seems like
one here let's say you like one here one
there usually it's three one two three
that keeps the feathers from shifting
from the front to the back since this
has not had that you can turn this
cushion up and shake it and bring those
feathers toward the the middle and they
are going to work their way back but at
least you're getting them toward the
front and evened out before you close to
the back which we're going to show you
how to do that really easy real fast
so all I have to do is take my needle
and thread like this and close up the
back all right now you could use if you
want staples yeah you could definitely
use staples yeah that's really fast and
easy but just because it's a client of
ours if it's for you just use staples if
you want if not so it's shot but we're
gonna go ahead and use needle and thread
right so we're gonna do that and get
right back and put it in the cover and
be done with this
so a fast way to tie off a knot all I
did is what I think some people refer to
as a as a whip stitch or a potato sack
stitch you know because it's like you go
from the outside you're just like going
from the outside the seam and you're
you're making a loop okay instead of
like doing carefully inside of the seam
and then back out I'm just taking the
seam and just looping the seam itself so
a quick way to tie a knot at the end of
a of a whip stitch I think that's what
it's called is we're going to simply go
through like this okay get your needle
to go through and then wrap this around
your needle yeah that's like three four
times pull it through like that and then
it it ties a nice little knot or it
tangles itself okay and then I'm going
to cut this and then cut or tie knots
there so let me reach in over here and
then simply tie knots like that maybe
just you know maybe just two maybe three
whatever and that's fine so what I think
they call as a whip stitch like that and
then at the end tie the needle around
the knot pull it through or around the
thread rather cut the excess and make
knots okay so the sewing is all complete
we're going to simply put the cover back
on this is a half tee as we said start
with getting the half tee in there
unfortunately I'm just slipping the half
tee in there like so turn it toward you
just like that find the other end
remember hold your your zippers tight
you don't want to bust them that's
another job goodness you just add into
it slip this in turn this up
go about halfway down the cushion yes
press down to so hold your zipper and
press down get over top of your arm
right try to keep the boxing straight
hand with your left right that's right
it's a mess if you break the zippers
I've done it before it all the Dacron
any threads out of the way of the teeth
of the zippers or the zipper all right
all right now as you can see we're kind
of massaging the feathers to the front
because this thing doesn't have channel
channels so it'd be evenly distributed
if it did have channels but and you know
doesn't have it
you know channels are the best to keep
them in place but we'll keep working
this forward a little bit but we do know
she's not gonna have the problem that
she complained about and that was lack
of support in the front right it was
sagging and because most people want to
set up front lay back you know enjoy
their evening and that's that's
understandable but it shifted this foam
toward the back so if this is your
problem we think this is your solution
you may not need to replace all your
phone you might need to put a piece of
foam in the back shove the foam toward
the toward the front and there's no more
saggy slaggy looking cushion right might
look everyone for many more years and
you don't have to throw it in the
landfill no no so I mean it's a
perfectly good piece of foam than that
too much furniture is being thrown in
the trash it doesn't need to be so a
repair is always best replacements are
necessary but this doesn't look like
that was the case yeah so we always
enjoy your watching if you haven't
already please subscribe or at least
give us a thumbs up and please do
comment write and Topher
thanks see you next time now you know
what to do
okay mails not a good video man nice
thanks that all right so we got to clean
up is we got a big day tomorrow
unfortunate like well dinner's ready and
it's getting a little late so I'm sorry
no you got to do this every time I'm
cleaning up on myself