today we're talking about an eight-speed
today I'll show you the ship pattern as
you can see it's got the same shift top
as a 15 speed but that's for low low if
you're backing up work you're down the
hole you gotta crawl out of somewhere
I'll get to that one in a minute
so you're setting you shift this bad boy
so there's first second third fourth
fifth six seven
and eight now if you want to use that
Lolo pretty simple
I would recommend starting out and Lolo
okay now I can crawl out of just about
anything and then same thing if you want
to put in Reverse you can have that
capability to shift sorry to shift into
that backup really slow if need be if
you're crawling out of the hole or swamp
of some sort of whatever I haven't have
to need to really use it that often but
the option is there so anyhow this isn't
a truck with a Cummins I believe it's an
M 11 motor and see the dash gauges don't
work all that great anyhow when you rpm
shift this thing you're gonna find that
because and I'm not like a super trucker
by any means but you're gonna find that
because the gears are just a little bit
steeper you might have to use a
combination of the clutch to break
torque so you can shift into the next
gear it's not quite as straightforward
as shifting a 13 speed or an 18 speed so
you'll find that if you get into one you
know you'll just have to kind of feel it
out like you do every other truck that
you start driving it took me a little
bit to get used to this so anyhow hope
this helps and you can go out there and
be a successful truck driver have a
great day