[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
hey guys it's angelin here so some of
you have been watching my videos for
quite a while now and first off I'd like
to thank you guys for sticking around
and second of all you might remember
this tie-dye video video that I made a
really long time ago and back then I was
going through like a major tie-dye phase
where I was just like so into tie dye
and that video is actually one of my
videos with the most views that is not
Rainbow Loom related so I thought that
in the spirit of Summer I would recreate
that video with a little bit of a Twist
so here is that video today I hope you
guys enjoy it so in today's video I'm
going to show you guys how to make
watercolor pastel tie-dyed t-shirts and
the method I'm showing you guys uses
eyes today which is what creates that
really soft color colorful effect so I
hope you guys enjoy it this t-shirt
right here is one that I made when I was
in that tie-dye phase and this is using
today's technique and I love this shirt
this is probably one of my favorite um
tie-dye shirts that I've ever made and
if you guys aren't into the whole
swirled tie-dye t-shirts I'll also be
showing you guys another technique to
make a really abstract pattern so yeah
if you guys would like to learn how to
make these shirts then keep watching so
in case you guys are wondering I'm using
to lips onestep tie-dye kit today here
are two kits that I have but today I'll
be using the neon one like I said
earlier I'll be showing you guys two
different techniques starting with the
swirled tie-dye pattern so for this I am
using the rubber bands from the kit
first off I'm pinching the center of my
shirt between the bottoms of each sleeve
and turning my hands so that the shirt
folds in spirals like this I'm trying to
make crisp folds in my shirt rather than
having it crumpled up and this will help
to give a better tie-dyed effect later
on
after twisting my shirt I am wrapping
four rubber bands around it to hold it
in
[Music]
place then I am placing my shirt on a
rack over a bowl and it's ready to be
covered in ice it is easier to keep all
of the ice in place if you use a Sie but
if you don't have one then the rack also
works I'm basically adding enough ice
onto the shirt where all areas of the
shirt are covered but if you want a more
watercolored pastel effect then you can
add even more ice on top of that then I
am taking my bottles of powdered dye and
squeezing the powder directly onto the
ice in random
[Music]
places instead of a rack in a bowl you
can also use a rack placed directly over
your sink if you have a black sink I
wouldn't recommend doing this if you
have a light colored sink though since
the Dy might stain it and for the more
abstract watercolor tie dye I am just
taking my white shirt and crumpling it
up on my rack instead of twirling it
around after that I am repeating the
same process with the ice and powdered
dye as before
[Music]
and after applying the powdered dye you
want to wait about 5 to 8 hours before
touching your shirt again if you want a
more pastel shirt with more white space
then wait less time and if you want a
more vibrant shirt then wait more time
and don't worry if you still have ice on
your shirt or clumps of powdered dye
left over after waiting your desired
amount of time you can just throw the
ice away or in the sink or whatever and
I washed and dried my shirts together
according to my K
instructions and after washing and
drying here are my finished watercolor
tie-dyed
t-shirts so that is it for today's video
overall I really hope you guys enjoyed
it this ice dyeing technique is my
favorite way to tie dye t-shirts I think
it is the most foolproof way to make
t-shirts and they always come out so
pretty and I love all of the tie-dye
t-shirts that I made using this method
and yeah for those of you that want a
little more information about how long
you should leave your Dy sitting in your
shirt shirt this shirt right here that
I'm wearing I left the Dy in for about
10 hours so the dye was sitting in here
for quite a while and this shirt right
here I left the Dy sitting in it for
about there's hair on the shirt I left
the D sitting on here for about 3 hours
so here are two different extremes this
one right here has a lot of white space
and the colors all came out pretty
pastel and then this shirt right here
the colors ran into each other a little
bit more so there's no white space at
all so it kind of just depends on what
kind of look you're going for so anyways
if you guys enjoy this video please
don't forget to hit that thumbs up
button for me also if you haven't
already be sure to subscribe to see more
of my videos and you can also go to my
Channel's main page and hit the little
bell icon if you would like to receive
notifications for every time I upload a
new video and lastly all of my social
media sites are in the description box
down below like always I'm most active
on Instagram so be sure to follow me on
there and I'm talking super fast cuz my
camera's about to die but yeah once
again I really hope you guys enjoyed
this video and I look forward to seeing
you in my next one bye
[Music]