[Music]
at some point you may accidentally rip
or cut a hole in your Splash wire dry
seat today we're going to show you a
durable lowprofile way to patch these to
start off you want to place some tape
over the damaged area on the outside of
the suit make sure the Garment is lying
flat and that the tape is holding the
material in or close to its original
position this is to ensure that the f
won't bunch or shift during the patching
process now turn the suit inside out a
patch on the inside looks better and is
less susceptible to being torn off make
a patch out of similar material that is
at least 2 in wider than the affected
area circular or oval shaped patches
work best as corners and straight lines
tend to snag and peel the patch up now
trace the patch onto the
suit you can use Aqua seal or seam grip
to BW the patch down we prefer seam grip
as it is more viscous and allows the
patch to flex and move with the suit if
possible we suggest using kotal with
these adhesives as it shortens their
curing time and significantly speeds up
the repair process next mix the seam
grip and kotal at a ratio of 10 to1 now
paint a thin layer of glue onto the suit
and the patch you may want to paint a
second layer of glue if it appears that
it has soaked into into the
material after 10 to 15 minutes test the
surface of the glue to see if it's tacky
you can use the knuckle test to check
the glue your knuckle should stick but
come away clean without leaving a mark
in the surface of the glue if the glue
has dried Beyond tacky simply wipe it
down with
acetone you have a few hours before this
trick won't work so there's no need to
panic with the glue tacky lay the patch
down by Rolling it from one side to the
other being careful not to trap any ear
bubbles between the two layers with the
patch down roll it out in at least four
different directions this will help mesh
the glue together and remove any
incidental air bubbles next paint
another layer of glue around the edge of
the patch this doesn't need to be very
wide just a/4 of an inch on either side
of the edge will help prevent the patch
from being peeled up once all the glue
is cured turn the suit inside out and
remove the tape in some instances the
tape May stick to the glue you can use
some acetone to help remove it to
protect the area even more you can add a
small layer of Ole seal or seam grip
Over the Hole or tear again this doesn't
need to be very big just a/4 in past the
affected area you can use tape here to
make nice crisp
lines though be sure to remove the tape
after you have painted on the
[Music]
glue if you have any other repair
questions please give us a call or visit
our website at NS web.com
[Music]