[Music]
add some extra butter to the recipe
consider your sugar to butter amount
carefully if you have more sugar than
butter you will usually have a harder
flatter cookie but if you have a little
extra butter you will have a softer more
chewy cookie even though it's a little
more calories to add to your system they
will stay much softer if you are worried
about calories and whatnot get unsalted
butter or put in a little more oil
instead don't let them burn if cookies
burn they will start off hard not just
turn hard take them out a little after
they turn golden brown if you make them
perfectly you can keep them soft for a
while make sure they're not wrong just
be sure that you don't leave them in too
long find the perfect time for you to
bake them let the cookies sit for a
little while allow the cookies to cool
for about two or three minutes and after
transport them to a cooling rack for
about 10 to 20 minutes by doing this
they can drive quicker and stay fresh
make sure that they are totally cooled
before you put them away add some
applesauce if you use applesauce for
about one quarter of the amount of oil
called for in the recipe your cookies
will stay a bit softer and give your
cookies a little fruity taste store your
cookies correctly keep your cookies in
an airtight container and shut it tight
if air gets in because it isn't closed
correctly the cookies are more likely to
harden put the container in the
refrigerator it will keep them cold just
be sure to let them defrost for a few
minutes before eating them but shut the
container correctly before placing it in
add a slice of bread this is a classic
trick used for many cookies adding half
a slice of bread to the cookies
container makes them absorb the moisture
at the bread and stay fresh and soft it
will become hard in a few days though so
be sure to change it apple slices work
just as well but they will continue to
rot so you will have to change them
every day however if you aren't adding
applesauce to it it will give it a bit
of a fruity flavor