you
[Music]
I'll preserve eucalyptus leaves for
dried floral arrangements
[Music]
if you re fortunate enough to live where
eucalyptus can be grown you may have
thought about preserving some branches -
using dried floral arrangements or reeds
in order to keep leaves flexible use
vegetable glycerin available at most
drugstores in many craft stores to
preserve your eucalyptus branches using
glycerin takes a bit longer than air
drying but glycerin preserved leaves
will be less brittle it will also make
them easier to clean and preserve their
pleasant scent
[Music]
things you will need
garden shears or sharp scissors that's
double glycerine hammer tea kettle heavy
vase or container
step one
choose a warm dry place to preserve your
eucalyptus whereat won t be disturbed
for two to six weeks
cut eucalyptus in the middle of its
growing season when the plant s
respiratory system is most active
[Music]
step two
[Music]
cut branches at least 18 inches long and
strip the leaves on the bottom six
inches of the branch remove damaged or
shriveled leaves
[Music]
step 3 boil some water added to glycerin
in a large heavy bottomed vase or other
container use two parts boiling water to
one part glycerin
step four shred the bottom three or four
inches of the branch with a meat
tenderizer or hammer so the wood is
split plunge the branches into the
glycerin solution covering the shredded
portion completely
[Music]
Step five
leave the branches in the solution for
two to six weeks the leaves will darken
a bit and then will become smooth and
soft from the top of the branch down had
new solution as the branches soak up the
glaze
when they are preserved all the way down
trim off the bottom of the branch
[Music]
[Music]
you
[Music]