okay let's make some two-to-one sugar
syrup for the be pail feeder now this is
not a complicated thing I've looked all
over the web for recipes and everyone
has a different recipe and it's weird
that there'd be a different recipe
because this is just simple math so I'm
going to make a pretty large batch today
and we're going to start off with a 16
quart pot this is also roughly 15 liters
I'm also using a full 25 pound bag of
sugar this is also eleven point three
three kilos of sugar 25 pounds of sugar
12.5 pounds of water we're going to do
this in metric roughly 11 kilos of sugar
to five and a half kilos of water now
twelve and a half pounds of water is
also six quarts of water six quarts of
water 25 pounds of sugar that's all it
is
and now we boil you want to use just
plain sugar basically granulated white
sugar that's the stuff right there not
powdered sugar just pure white sugar
we have boiling water now I'm going to
put the sugar in in two parts this is a
25 pound bag of sugar and it doesn't
look like it would fit in this pot but
it just it just does its magic I'm going
to put about two-thirds of this bag into
the boiling water maybe more like 3/4
and now we stir the heat is still on the
pot so we're trying to break up the
globs of sugar and just keep it moving
in there and it will melt and dissolve
into the water now you don't want to
boil the sugar water you just want the
heat to stay on so that the water stays
warm and continues to melt that sugar
but you don't want this to boil so this
is that first round of sugar has
dissolved I can see the bottom of the
pot I'm going to put the rest of the
sugar in
heat is still on as soon as this breaks
up I'm going to shut the heat off and
keep stirring there's still some globs
of sugar here they need to melt all
right I don't I don't hear any more
sugar on the bottom of the pot turning
off the heat and just keep stirring
because there's still sugar that has not
totally dissolved it's floating around
there you go this pot is way too hot to
safely handle right now it's not boiling
but it's it's very hot and it's
dangerously hot so leave it where it is
for at least half an hour let it cool
down and then we're going to put it into
containers syrup has been cooling for
about an hour and now I'm going to
transfer it into containers these are
six liter or six quart containers
whoops
ready for the hive first time I did it
it was it was like magic let's see if we
can do this today quick flip okay and
that's it