hey Steve you tele here for land state
and land Academy it's that time of this
week the week again Jill just asked me
because she's getting a number of
questions from our customers how to
create or locate a GPS coordinate based
off of a plat map or based off just some
information that you might have about a
piece of property so I'm going to take
you inside the computer right now and
show you exactly how to do it and let's
say five minutes or less join me hey
thanks for joining us inside of the
computer we are going to locate a piece
of property as an example located piece
of property to find out how to create or
find GPS coordinates when we're
researching whether or not to buy a
piece of property we provide this as
generally as a service when we sell
property to people but everybody seems
to lately be real interested in - really
interested in generating their own GPS
coordinates so I'm going to make this
quick and dirty and simple it all starts
with the plat map folks step number one
with any type of real estate is getting
a plat map some of the more urban
counties like let's say Maricopa County
in which is where Phoenix is in Arizona
they have all that stuff online and they
make it really easy for you to find some
of the more rural counties like the one
that we're going to look at I kind of
deliberately chose one that's a little
bit tough so we can learn this
properties in Modoc County it's about an
acre and we had to actually send a way
to get that plat map we literally talked
to the County Recorder gave her our
credit card I think she charged I don't
know a dollar twenty-five or something
like that and she sent us this plat map
I made it released for us it's this
obviously it's this yellow property here
that we're trying to locate and I gave
it a little a little stamp there too so
step number one get the plat map let's
say you got the plat map
and I want to find my property I already
have a legal description because we know
how to look for it that way and in this
case this property's legal description
is as follows lot 10 in block 9 of Cal
Pines unit 1 B subdivision in Modoc
County according to the plat in
California so somebody came along and
subdivided this property like this this
paragraph says here we put this in our
blog you know a 1970s subdivide or came
along and purchased a very large
personal property like a hundreds of
acres put the roads in subdivided it
submitted the required maps and
infrastructure and then you know we took
raw they took raw land and created a
subdivision and here it is this property
happens to be on Shasta Drive and leav
you circle those are kind of the
landmarks that we can see we're going to
zip over to Google Earth we're going to
type in exactly that type of thing we're
going to in this case I'm just going to
try and copy and paste it right from the
legal description that we pulled and
let's just let's clean it up a little
bit let's type something like let's just
here we go Shasta View Drive
in Cal Pines California search
that's a pretty darn good first search
as things go Google Earth I'm not going
to I'm not going to even address the
concept of what we how we did this
before Google Earth
they have Google Earth isn't and this is
free by the way has made this so simple
it's just it's a treat to do it so
here's Shasta View Drive but we don't
you don't know anything about Shasta
View Drive we need a second second
reference point leave you a circle let's
start looking for it
well here is leave you circle now I I
went ahead and made this real easy for
education purposes and I already
highlighted the property so you can see
that again I deliberately chose this
because it's kind of counterclockwise we
could maybe make it a little easier and
view it in a different way but I hope
you get the point
this is leave you circle this is leave
you circle
this is Shasta Drive this is Shasta
drive and they intersect right about
here right where the property is so why
are we all here for this podcast slash
blog anyway to find the GPS coordinates
so follow me here I'm going to stick my
cursor right in the middle of this you
can see it right here I'm going to
scroll in so you can see now notice
these numbers down here I hope you can
see my cursor from there wherever my
cursor is these numbers go so this is
that this is how we find GPS coordinates
so in this case if we can read it right
now I'm going to move my cursor so you
can see it see down here again the GPS
coordinates in general are 41.4 0 9 6 9
1 and the second number is negative 1 2
0.68 1 4 0 1 it's that simple
folks that's simple but please remember
it always starts with a plaid map this
applies to just about every area in the
country GPS coordinates apply all over
the planet they're literate literally
you can find any point on the planet
with GPS it's an X and y-axis situation
but the concept of these legal
descriptions they only apply while they
apply it everywhere in the country
except Texas Texas is on a very
different railroad type survey situation
and that's a topic for a different
podcast slash blog hey thanks for
joining me I'm Steve you tella
as always check us out at Land Academy
org thank you