[Music]
this has got the fix-it guy today we
have a Maytag 2000 series washer that
isn't draining so I removed the few
screws from the bottom panel and took
the bottom panel off and now I'm going
to put a clamp on the big black hose
that goes between the tub and the drain
motor so I can just prevent any water
from leaking out when I remove the Cloyd
trap if you don't do this it's okay it's
just that some water will come out so
I'm putting the lower panel down to act
as a basin to catch any water that might
still be left so I do my lefty loosy to
unscrew the coin trap and you can screw
it back in if you fill it up with water
or you can tighten it back up and then
get rid of the water and do that
numerous times until all the water is
gone not much water comes out because I
did clamp it and the coin trap looks
really good put it in my index finger
now over to the right inside there's a
little hole and you want to feel in
there you'll feel the little impeller
and it should be able to move it won't
move completely freely it'll move and
then I'll feel like it's kind of stuck
and then it'll move and that's normal
there's a little magnet that kind of
holds it in position so that's normal
but if it doesn't move at all or if it's
really stiff it could mean that
something's caught on the impeller you
might be able to grab it with some
needle nose pliers or a little hook and
get out the obstruction but this
impeller seemed fine so I'm taking the
little power connector to the pump off
and I'm gonna use my multi tester to
test for a voltage for AC voltage and
put my probes into the power supply for
the pump and then I'll turn on the
washing machine and ask it to go to
drain and spin I just want to see if
it's sending power to the drain mode
so I'm turning it on I'm setting it for
spin and drain and and I'll press the
start button I'm just gonna look for
voltage so never really got any voltage
and that's pointing toward controller
error so it's not the drain pump but the
controller itself that lives up in the
upper right-hand corner needs to be
replaced so I'm just putting everything
back together putting that power supply
back on to the park but the pump seems
fine but these are just some things you
can check and usually you find
something's clogging the coin trap that
we pulled out putting it back in right
now or you might find that the impeller
is a little bit stuck but this one seems
fine so there's just a couple things you
can you can check so I'm just tightening
up a coin trap and appreciate you guys
watching please subscribe when you get a
chance thank you