[Music]
thanks for tuning in today we have a
chat
he's gonna teach us all the steps on to
do your growl okay so we're not gonna
waste any time
walk your chat dolls he's a professional
he does it every day and it might have
to watch the video twice because he's
gonna talk fairly fast and there's a lot
of information just pounded out in this
short video we're single on Christiana
doing drywall explained either black
joints Percy you want to do this just
thinking up all we got right here
there's one as you can see is very plain
[Applause]
the bevel is a flop is actually pebbled
out with Pulver when you put your teeth
on it and wait for join it is actually
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
et to move on to gun the bevels are the
blocks and we're done your eyes step for
the gates of your engines angles it's a
4 inch night like these cluttered on
both sides of the angle start on one
side
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
this is your regular standard one don't
you set of snips senator
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
when you're doing page and be like to
use this yellow pale blues in it and it
sets up really really hard when it comes
to coding it will be either a blue box
or your D box and it doesn't do easier
to sound and taking one through your
beads
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
both sides you should be able to see me
like our old sides so when you go in to
knock your cells you can see the
daylight in between the blade of my
knife and the bead on both sides that is
what you're looking for and to make sure
your beat is square once you see that
I'd give it a final wife all right I'm
gonna show you a little uh little trick
here that I use for my beads are set and
you're on you have a longer walk wit
opening like this when you get your beat
set I really like to take a little bit
of mud I'm done right where your
intersection is they're everywhere Jesus
join together put your head knock how to
float it a little bit
there you go the reason I do that is for
every one side of the globe these beads
say anything that apply to my bike get
your application on for competition
cut your happiest and then when it comes
time to pull it out you don't get there
you don't get the old ratchet comes out
corners all sunk in it are you a duck
right this makes a nice smooth
transition so when I pull after all my
cakes are done rickets and roping bucks
flats all my angles and then we do all
my beads let's all make these rip plates
let's pick through that set up overnight
dry and when you start quoting like a
single all-purpose blue box of my car
Elsa green which has no blue at all just
ease of your saying and when it comes
time to comb in light blue things the
same way my box first then my beat and
then I pulled all my flops into my beads
across my box so there's a ton of great
information in there that's like Jack
said let this sit overnight let that dry
let the mud kind of suck tapes in let
the glue set up this is an ICF house so
if you're wondering why our screws are
so far away is that these are the staff
ties in our ICF wall and then we install
the border were only four inches away to
our door so just keep that in mind it's
a little different that's it for now
thanks for watching if you enjoyed the
video please subscribe to our YouTube
channel or check us out on some of the
following