summers coming and in Canada that means
it's Caesar season the seas are also
sometimes called a bloody Caesar it's a
Canadian version of a Bloody Mary and
it's a staple for barbecues brunches
basically all of your summer
entertaining Studios are so popular
Hanna I've heard that over 350 million
are made each year this summer we have a
new secret to mixing up the ultimate
champion summer drinks the new French's
Caesar I am so thrilled about this mrs.
limits because friendship Cesar uses
100% Canadian tomatoes no artificial
flavors or colors no added msg and no
glucose fructose or high fructose corn
syrup isn't that fabulous
so awesome French's Caesar mix comes in
two varieties friendships not your
ordinary original Caesar cocktail mix
and friendships not your ordinary fully
loaded
Caesar cocktail mix now if you're
wondering with a difference between a
Caesar and a Bloody Mary Bloody Mary is
made with tomato juice while a Caesar is
made with a blend of tomato juice and
clam juice if that sounds like an
oscillator combination do the history
behind the Caesar help explain a bit the
scene that was created by Walter shell a
restaurant manager of the Calabrian in
1969 he was inspired by the Italian dish
spaghetti with clams and work must
affect his recipe soon the Caesar became
a Canadian classic but don't worry you
don't need to start mashing up plans to
make clam Becker French is event all the
hard work for you and the foundation of
your Caesar is all ready to go one of
the best parts of making a Caesar is
making it your own you can keep it
simple and classic or go all up with
added flavor spices and garnishes
first prepare your glass by rubbing a
lemon or lawn around the outside edge of
your glass next roll the outside edge of
the rim and sell result or your own
variation of Grima next add ice now to
make a classic caesar you can use the 1
2 3 4 method 1 shot a vodka of course
you can make it a double if you wish
two dashes of hot sauce three sprinkle
of salt and pepper and four dashes of
Worcestershire sauce then add 4 to 6
ounces of caesar mix the shape I like to
add some lemon and lime is mine
stir I'm going to add some celery some
garnishes and I'm going to add some lime
so here's my version of a Canadian
classic caesar delicious I'm already $4
but as I said it's fun to personalize
your Caesar and make it to your liking
you can add barbecue sauce barbecue
spices horseradish is a really important
one if you want to spice these either
and don't forget those garnishes all of
pickles cheese hands anything you can
think of for a Caesar perfectly made for
brunch how about a bacon and egg Caesar
for my bacon and egg Caesar I'm going to
use sprint receivers fully loaded with
this mix it's all ready to go
of course you can still add and zip it
up to your own liking but you can use it
as it now for the fun garnishes some
celery since it's a brunch Caesar how
about some ham and cheese I'm going to
add two pieces of bacon
going to add in a hard-boiled egg add a
pinch of pepper so here is my bacon and
egg Caesar and my classic two incredible
Caesars made with friendship
Caesar cocktail mixes now you're ready
to infuse your son Reggie Ginny with the
ultimate Canadian summer drink Cheers
[Applause]
[Music]
you