[Music]
welcome back my green loving community
today I want to talk to you about
another one of my favorite plants the
rubber plants or its cousin the
variegated rubber plant they're gay
rubber plants really cool kind of has
that little camo style look to it really
really beautiful plant but a local plant
is definitely one of the plants that I
actually started off with when I first
started getting into plants I had a fit
early fig I had some Pozos I had a
staghorn fern and I had a rubber plant
one of my favorite parts about the
rubber plant is how durable it is so I
love a bottom is then I can place them
and direct sun spots in my home so a lot
of you who know me know that I preach
bright indirect light so a lot of my
plants take up most of those spaces in
my own but what about those direct Sun
locations I'll leave those for the cacti
succulents and yes a rubber plant the
rubber plant loves direct Sun it also
loves obviously bright indirect light
but in my home I like to place them in
as much direct Sun as possible because
that's where I've seen them thrive the
most after that it's all about how you
water them so when you're watering your
rubber plant you want to make sure that
the soil is dry at least 2 inches you
take your finger just like your other
plants place it down in that soil see if
it's dry if it's dry to the touch then
you're going to water but make sure that
the water comes seeping out of the
drainage hole once it comes out of that
drainage hole like I've said before
you're gonna take that base tray full of
runoff water and you're gonna dump that
and place your plant back in its spot
the one key thing is to make sure you
don't over water your plants give me
that it's in the direct Sun location it
might tend to dry out faster than your
other plants so you want to be mindful
of that but always water when dry now
let's talk about how to duplicate
propagate how do you do that you ask
well it's simple the rubber treat is a
tip cut what you're gonna do is
to the tip of one of its branches and
you're gonna cut it take at least three
healthy leaves and then place that
cutting and move wrong water close but
not in the exact same spot as where the
mother plant is living you want to make
sure that you're placing your cuttings
and bright indirect light not direct
sunlight direct sunlight will burn the
leaves and all the time
kill the cutting what I like to do is
like to make that cut place them in cold
water and place it on my cradle wall now
you might not have a cradle wall like I
do but if you want one obviously you can
get one what I like to do is I could
place it in a wall and then over time
watch as the roots develop the water
gets a little murky a little a little
yucky we're gonna do some and dumped it
out and refresh it with fresh water I
didn't have to do that every two weeks
or so so from where that cut with me on
the mother plant you should see at least
one or two new branches grow so don't be
you know afraid that obviously when you
make that cut killing the plant the
plant will want to thrive and continue
on its life so it will shoot out a new
branch so another thing you're gonna
want to do is with your rubber plant
just like all of your other plants is
make sure that you're taking a time to
clean the foliage so all I could do is
fill a small bucket with dish soap and
water take a rag and dip it into that
water just wipe down all the leaves now
some people ask why you spending so much
time wiping down all of your leaves well
for one it takes all of the dust off
making your plant obviously look so much
better I mean don't you like to take a
little bit of the dust off yourself I
mean something you actually might need
it a little bit of tender love and care
I think that's very important your plant
will also love it
second it also puts you in the plant the
more time you spend with it the more
you're aware of its needs or if there's
a bug or two possibly lingering around
your foliage either underneath or on top
the more time you spend with it the
better you will understand it and you're
able to care for it
lastly and I say this about every single
plant you have talked to your planner
just check in on them see how they're
doing maybe even give them a name if
you're feeling like you want a personal
relationship with your plant
I suggest you
so yeah that's it that's how you care
for your rubber plant I hope this helps
[Music]
[Music]