[Music]
okay so let's talk about floors or
what's going on on the bottom of your
hot tub now still standard on all Arctic
spas is our weather treated wooden
pedestal base but much like our covers
we do offer a better alternative and
that alternative is called our forever
floor and our forever floor is a stamped
fiberglass pad that's attached to the
underside or bottom of your hot tub and
it is the strongest toughest most
durable floor put under a hot tub by
anybody it basically eliminates the cost
and effort required for site preparation
for your tub because this floor and as
far as we know it's the only floor in
the industry that you can basically put
on any flat level surface
so no pouring cement you know and the
substantial cost of doing it to put this
tub on and if you move the tub the pads
part of the tub and it simply goes with
you so you can move it in your yard and
you can move it from home to home to
home without incurring that cost again
of pouring pads to put your tub on the
second big benefit of this floor is it
completely seals the underside of the
tub you know there's still lots of tubs
out there that have no floor and you
know if you flip them over all you'd see
is foam well the big issue with that is
is critters you know
mice wasps hornets bugs spiders I mean
anything that can get into that foam if
it can get there you know it is the
ritz-carlton for critters up inside a
hot tubs if they can get into the foam
so we've completely sealed it so that
will never happen
it is simply the finest floor that you
can put under a hot tub period
[Music]