my name is leaming I'm from China and
from Chengdu and Molotov his concept is
from Chengdu as well
Allentown is a traditional citron dining
concept
it's about people you should call it
hotpot citron is a very big promising in
China it's famous because of its spicy
food we very much like to share our
history and culture in the cuisines ways
a different part of the world whether in
Sintra is very moisture and cold in
winter people need to have something
really hot so that's why the hotpot
saying became more and more popular
Martha's goal is trying to bring the
real authentic street food from Chengdu
to here you can't find another
restaurant in Northern Virginia like us
the furnitures were shipped from China
directly there's a very important
ingredients we use it's called Wachau in
Chinese we call it in English citron
paper corn it it will create a filling
on your tongue we call it tingling
sensation and that's a key thing of
making a good hop across
I feel more happy when I see people are
eating different food in their life have
never eaten because you can describe how
happy they are and how surprised on
their face Chinese food is not about
just General Tso's chicken we have a
whole food world are waiting for you to
explode