when darkness prevails brother Jacob go
home there's man in the C ground take
his Shing to the
B off to
the well this is the very very beginning
of probably the dumbest thing I've ever
done foodwise um this is couple pounds
of ground up Boston butt that I did uh
last night and I'm about to stuff them
and do some homemade and
dewy and there we go I got about 2 and2
lbs of Van Dey there uh all stuffed and
ready to go on the
smoker all right well those are
done well the stupidity continues uh we
got the pig here uh it's 57 lb pig big
uh big cooler here so I'm going to brine
this uh I'm going to mix up the brine
now which will basically be uh 1 cup of
salt per gallon of water not sure
exactly how much I'm going to need to
cover the pig but I'm going to do uh a
bunch of gallons of water with salt and
uh probably add a couple pounds of honey
and then uh probably a sleeve of smashed
up Garlic um just to see if it gives me
any flavor I'm pretty sure it will and
then I'm going to brine this pig for um
probably 3 days so I've got uh about 7
gallons of water 3 lb of honey I haven't
added any sugar yet and then 7 Cups of
uh kosher salt well it's in there it's
totally
covered um it's probably got close to 40
bulbs of garlic uh BS cloves of garlic
diced up and thrown in then I got to
wait maybe 2 days uh and then I'll start
bring the turkeys uh the turkey the duck
and the
chicken so it's uh Friday night pig is
still in the big cooler in its Brine and
then I just dropped 15 pound turkey into
this brine it's about 4 gallons of water
in that cooler um so I did four cups of
salt and about a half a pound of dark
brown sugar so I'm going to let that
turkey brine probably about um 15 to 18
hours it's a early Saturday afternoon uh
turkey's been in the brine for about 15
hours
so I'm going to dump that brine um mix
up another one throw the two ducks and
two B uh two chickens in there uh right
now I'm going to throw uh some smoke on
that turkey just for the hell of it I'm
not sure it'll do anything but I'm going
to go with it anyway I'm going to smoke
it on heavy smoke for about a half an
hour with uh apple and mosqu so we'll
see how it
goes here we go that's the turkey
smoking up pretty good so like I said
let that go maybe about a half an
hour uh go from there
Mi up another batch of brine it's uh
about 2:00 right on the button uh I got
uh two chickens and two ducks the ducks
are buried under there um all four birds
are somewhere
between 6 and seven lbs a piece and then
I've got 7 lb of beef short ribs um
right here that I'm going to uh use as
the cow
portion uh pig is still in that big
bottom cooler there it smells
unbelievable well here's all the meat
all the birds and everything ready uh
two chickens that were brine two ducks
uh smoked
turkey uh beef short ribs dry rub on
them and there's the uh homemade andoy
that I made uh I don't know if I'm going
to have time to do the jumbo but I'll
get the Ando in there somewhere oh and
then there's linguisa yeah I did make
linguisa so that's everything that's
going to somehow get into this pig
all right so we got UI linguisa and the
chicken breast little salt and pepper uh
I quickly realized that I'm going to
have to use two cutting boards and keep
flipping it cuz there's no other way to
flip
them all right so I'm up to duck chicken
thenua and and Dewey problem is every
time I flip it while the uh linguisa
comes flying out of here I thought
crumbled would be a good idea bad idea
all right I didn't want to have to cut
the ribs but I had to there's no way I
was going to get all the stuff in there
there is the uh tur duckin
andisa whatever you want to call it a
leftover turkey that's going to go on
the other side of that and there are the
beef short ribs um and I'm just going to
eat the stuff on the sides and bring
them out to the bottom to seal it all
off or um I don't know I don't know I'm
going to do it and then that's my
Frankenstein big huge B baking pan that
I don't know how the hell I'm going to
get it all in there but I'm going to
give a
shot okay wow that was significantly
easier than I thought it was going to be
God this looks like just a mask right
this is
disgusting uh now I think all I'm going
to do is really just lay these beef ribs
right over the top and uh and then fold
it up and Truss it
somehow well it's certainly not pretty
but I think this is actually working I
think I've got it uh I don't care if
these strings hold the entire time just
enough to keep it shape and get it in
the pit is all I care about so um next
I'm going to tie the four legs kind of
right um kind across and over the belly
so basically it's big pig package so
we'll
see all right now it's just the front
legs I think I'm just going to fold them
I'm not sure I'm going to try to tie
them then it's a matter of trying to get
them into the big huge roasting pan
somehow so far so good
though all righty well again
significantly easier than I thought it
was going to be uh just rolled it in
there no problem um little bummed out I
took the head off
now well it's uh 9 about 9:30 at night
on Saturday night I got the pit all dug
out uh get some firewood
here uh let me see here pits all cleaned
out looking
good so uh going to get a bonfire going
here try to get this thing uh get this
thing
cooked well it's about a little after
12:30 uh Pig's in smoking
good so uh we'll see it's uh about 8:00
on Saturday morning uh Sunday morning
rather so Pig's been in there about 7
and 1 half hours so I'm going to go take
a temp and see where we're
at just took a temp uh uh in the center
it's only still about 120 um I'm
actually surprised I went through a lot
of coals last night uh I shouldn't be
too shocked it's like 4Â° out so uh I had
the air really dampened down and I had
it completely covered in tin foil so um
I'm going to uh cover it back up open up
the air intakes let it really Stoke up
and then I'm going to leave it uncovered
for the next couple of hours I wasn't
expecting this to be done until around
noon so going another 4 hours or so to
go so I'm not too concerned about the
temp yet um and a little concerned about
the charcoal though you get get a video
of it yeah we got to all right it's uh
what 20 3 this thing's finally done took
forever to cook but it's finally done uh
all right hold on who's all right let's
see what we got
here ooh steamy oh that looks good mhm
pig that's some nice crispy
skin all right let's fire that let's go
all right yeah we're going to eat that
all right let's let's yank this thing
out of here very slowly pig fat
ready oh yeah set right on the edge yeah
let's set it right there on the edge
right there right there that's good all
right well we got to get some plates
there's uh homemade hot barbecue sauce
on the stove so what all is in there
Brian all right here's from the center
out it goes and Dey wrapped in linguisa
wrapped in chicken wrapped in Duck
wrapped in turkey wrapped in beef short
ribs stuffed in a
pig for yeah this this doesn't suck
we're trying to eat our way down into
the rest of the turd ducking do by just
ripping through the ribs we'll see what
we got to hit the jackpot we'll know
when we're done when we hit the andoy in
the center
we hit we've hit the hit the mother
we've got smoked turkey in here we got
linguisa we got and Dey go yeah we just
m the
short Going H million
viewers this right here anybody want
half of this anybody want half of
this
Lord that is Crush Wicked SL we we've
gone serious meat damage oh my
God there's still a ton left but good
God we've done
damage when I first decided I was going
to do this I was doing it almost on a
dare and I had no expectation it was
going to be really good uh I knew we
weren't going to waste meat but I didn't
think it was going to be that good it
was phenomenal I would not change a
thing maybe tweak the brinds just a
little bit but other than that I thought
it was fantastic and I will definitely
do it again