[Music]
hey guys you're back with topless Baker
now the other day on snapchat I was
talking about cold brew coffee and you
guys are nuts for it you're like I need
the cold brew my life so I thought I'd
do a little colder recipe for you so
when I was traveling in America I
discovered cold brew and the beauties of
cold brew and it's actually really
simple to do yourself and I'm not a
coffee expert but I think what I've come
up with it's pretty easy and actually
tastes really really good so this is
kind of inspired by Starbucks okay so
I'm going to call it a Starbucks cold
brew coffee so I bought some Starbucks
coffee do you think you can get it from
their stores or it's in supermarkets as
well and what I'm going to do is a 1 to
6 ratio so one part coffee six parts
water if you want it really strong I
haven't done anything stronger than this
you could use like one to four so 75
grams of coffee ground coffee put it
into a French press okay so that is all
in and this is my confession of how's
the years I've been drinking coffee out
of this since I can remember so it looks
a little bit old and rusty but if I
bring into the studio today reminds me
of good coffee times all right to this
you add filtered water okay so if you've
got a really posh tap and really good
water that will work but I use bottled
water and it's room temperature and it's
450 grams you want to wear and you're
going to pour this all over your ground
coffee so once you push that down it's
kind of covered in water there's no dry
bits left you're going to put the lid on
top push the plunger down just to meet
the beans okay don't plunge it yet
because you're going to do that in a
little bit now cold brew usually people
say you put it in the fridge but what it
actually does is when you put it in the
fridge it doesn't really allow that
coffee to dissolve and they can make it
a little bit weak so leave this room
temperature for 12 hours okay so the
best thing to do 9 o'clock at night 7
o'clock at night make this leave on your
counter
come back in the morning boo cold Brews
ready to go we're going to come back in
about 12 hours we can plunge it chill it
and make our delicious cold brew coffee
so after 12 hours what you want to do is
just pause this down very slowly and
deal with a bit of the coffee granules
falling to the bottom that's absolutely
fine push that down and then we're going
to transfer it into another jug and once
you fill this up now it's time for this
to go in the fridge okay so the pallets
time at room temperature now we're going
to kill this thing down and look at the
deep color it's got that means it's just
basically full of caffeine it's very
strong and it smells incredible from the
stick a little mist it's going to go in
the fridge for a couple of hours Jill so
a cobbler is out of the fridge and it's
nice and cold now it would just be
brewers it wasn't cold
it wouldn't work and to keep it
authentic now I don't know the recipe
but I thought I'd get a Starbucks cup
but it's good right this professional so
a Starbucks order is not complete
without your name so as if I was walking
up to the counter hey can I take your
order
tapas Baker one cold brew please okay
let me just write your name down so go
to rice tapas bake home look up perfect
and I can even read my own handwriting
look at that that is authentic I should
go into Starbucks and ask for topless
fiction and be funny and fill it up
that's all you got to do fill this up I
like it nice and cold loads of ice pour
this in and because we're going to add
milk you're doing to fill this all the
way there's a lot of ice in there and
then add your milk now I like a little
bit of sugar in mine so it adds sugar
syrup as well which is always delicious
because I'm not sweet enough so pour
your milk in just like that I like white
milky coffee
I'll be honest and then I'm gonna give
this time I need a little bit my I do
like lots of ice look at that with cold
where you get this rich rich color
unlike kind of brewing hot coffee and
letting it go cold
look how dark that is I mean you just
know you're going to be awake once
you've had this delicious cold brew and
there we have it complete for the lid
now really if I was a barista I probably
should have filled up a bit more I'd
return this
have a sip it's so strong I love it that
was the thing about cold brew it's
really strong compared to normal coffee
you're going to get a little less
acidity but it's going to pack a kick
and it's going to wake you up with
Roma's I have on these at like 4:00
o'clock and I couldn't sleep for the
rest of the night there you go guys that
is my version of like a Starbucks cold
brew now I don't know what their recipe
is but it tastes down good and it's
complete for the top of Staker Starbucks
cup so hope you enjoyed it if you make
it let me know always tag me in tapas
Baker and see you guys next week bye
but it's only go into a Starbucks would
be like yeah can I was stopped the
station I'm smelling through the whole
smells incredible and it smells like
Kathy's and once you filled up now this
goes in the fridge okay so we're going
to chill it after and once it is filled
up now it goes in the fridge to chill
okay so if salad time at room fan