all right so here is a package from
cubes let's open this so this is a
fairly big order so inside we have the
YJ mini Bratz cube and a slightly bigger
YJ mini Brad cube three by threes then
we have the MFA cube I can't remember
the name of that Sun sure 2017 real
looking forward to seeing what this is
likes I do really like the original Sun
sure this is the the one land Moors a
cube and then this is the down
sung-yueng don't if I'm pronouncing that
right 3x3 and then we are for the frame
work pyraminx or something by limb cube
nothing else in the box
alright so let's start off with the die
on sunshine Swaney 17 so this is what
the box looks like I can't remember how
the original sign shoe box lots pretty
sure it was it did a fly look on it like
this one but I think the design is
different and not really sure what that
means
lots of three sub onion let's open this
and here it is so uh yeah let's see how
it turns whoops so that's interesting so
it's like the corners cupped I guess
that's quite interesting
I don't think of a single 3x3 way you
can kind of like take this part off the
the corner so because the corner cup
fell off I've forgotten where it was
while I was doing the the section move
so our to solve the cube and well
solving it feels very strange it doesn't
really feel like the old Sun chef it's
got like a real a weird kind of bumpy
feeling like hold that the puncher is so
that's quite strange I was expecting it
to feel similar to the original and
sancho I wasn't expecting it feel really
bumpy like this also expecting it to
feel quite crisp like the original Sun
show or is this it's like it's a lot
smoother but bumpy at the same time if
that makes any sense very similar to to
the punches oh yeah really word but uh
let's see what the conic one is like
[Music]
let's try reverse
[Music]
see how the collar coin is not see part
really reverse doesn't seem brilliant
but maybe I was going to say maybe the
tension is just need to believe in but
to be honest you're idiots all they feel
as old they are loose enough so I don't
know let's do the checkerboard pattern
on this and let's scramble this so after
I've scrambled this I'm going to compare
it to the 2017 long high really show the
2017 long high doesn't feel real a
bumper like this one let's say so this
is D 2017 blond high yeah so Jessie
doesn't feel bumpy at all the actually
feels a lot better than the the 2017 Sun
sure bar cube feeling better than
another one doesn't necessarily mean
that you'd be to get a faster time on it
I guess it's always possible that I
might be able to get a faster time on
this even though I don't think it feels
as good as the long time so uh-oh almost
complete with the cops are surely the at
the pieces so try and get one out
so there's a corner
and there's a notch this is very greasy
so it's already being lubed let's
compare these to the original Sansha
pieces so here is the corner compared to
an original zhanchi corner as you can
see they look a lot different I mean
this stock is just straight wise this
one is a kind of bulbous
let's compare the edges so they just do
look quite similar in fact they look
almost identical except for this look
smaller than this one all right so let's
take a look at these onion so the Sun
Gyun is not a reboot of an older dye on
speedcube this is a totally new one
see I pretty much the same as design
shoebox except the color is different
let's open this there is I think you can
also get these in black as well
so let's sell this turns well that feels
really really nice the plastic sounds is
all it's quite hard and feels totally
different from the 27 teens I'm sure
feels a lot better actually
it doesn't really feel bumpy at all and
feel smooth maybe slightly crisp the
plastic does feel quite hard anyway
doesn't feel a soft plastic at all so
yeah let's take a look at these pieces
[Applause]
so let us say Connor
and there's a niche well the pieces look
really interesting
the others feels like a real and ice
cube I did really want to get the
prototype without one or two American
cube styles were giving them away as
prizes but I was too late they'd already
given them all away so but I've seen a
couple of videos showing the prototype
and it seems that the prototype is
pretty much exactly the same as this it
doesn't really seem to be any
differences I saw so let's see what the
conic one is like so the corner cotton
is really really good and let's see the
reverse yeah the reverse isn't so bad
let's put this into a check of off pan
oops so that is in the check of our
pattern and yeah let's scramble this so
you can you can sell with this one
they've gone for like an all-new design
is the like the 2017 sunshine the 2017
one hi when you look at the pieces they
look a lot more closer to the older die
on speed Kives
whereas this it's like it's a lot
different from the older dine speed
cubes like the way the pieces look when
you take them out so that is a scrambled
down Ssangyong so listen up let's open
up this one so this is the funds Lim
cube framework pyraminx
so I think maybe this is like a 2x2 not
really sure you can turn it like that
and send the edges can you turn like the
points let's see no you can't do that
now I'm looking at the car and I'm
seeing like what's on it so I'm lining
up the court there with the court there
I never do that all the way around I
should be able to turn it in a totally
different way
that is really really interested in
these two pieces are coming apart whoa
I'll just snap them together like that
so it's the kora - bye - I'm not really
sure but yeah that's just scramble bus
I've got some blocking going on there
but yeah I think I'll just leave it
there so that is a scrambled framework
pyraminx let's take a look at this long
run mosaic cube so I think this is the
exact same puzzle as the meffert's
mosaic cube it's just the pieces just
shapes different like suppose the earth
DeLonge unbox the beam London have been
making these boxes for years and years
now and I do really like the design all
you've got all these little pictures on
it so yeah this does seem to be the
exact same puzzle as the meffert's
mosaic cube it also looks just like a
bubble eyed puzzle as well so is it
basically a bubble I'd type of puzzle
I'm not really sure I'm straightaway I'm
noticing that this feels quite heavy
actually but yeah it looks really really
nice so I see all this turns so yeah I
think this puzzle on the turns by the
corners and it turns pretty much fine
art or yeah so there's only one thing
left to do and I'm nice to scramble this
so yeah I wanted an original mosaic cube
by muffets four years or I could never
find one they just so rare so yeah I
guess that will do so that is ask
rumbled long one more take cube so let's
take a look at this MFA one so this is
called the Summum and it seems that this
is some kind of a Mixel cube so the mix
up series of puzzles is one of my most
favorite series and I've got this in
sticklers see how that looks really nice
interesting shade of blue they've gone
with that it's not it's not really like
a proper blue it's almost I don't know
kind of almost teal maybe on this son of
cups does the MFA hold on so yeah let's
see all this turns it's not see but it
feels it feels like there's a lot of
pieces moving against each other kind of
it feels quite rough but it's all it
turns good enough so let's try the other
part so basically I'm turning the 3x3
part of the puzzle and let's try and
turn the other parts of the puzzle not
really sure it's up the what to do
hmm
that's not working
ah there we go yeah that sounds pretty
much fine right just our key off so
let's see what laconic Whitney's like I
don't think it matters that much when a
puzzle like this but it does kind of cut
a bit so yeah let's scramble this Oh
actually wait no let's put it in a check
of our pound first just sell it looks so
there isn't a check of our pun and yeah
let's scramble this so I'm going to
scramble it as a 3x3 first oh that's
interesting as I turned this it's in
this lawyer huh that's kind of weird
see I don't I'm not sure if it's
necessary to scramble this like 3x3
first before scrambling like these bits
and doing shape-shifting but I always
like to scramble puzzles without
shape-shift in first and then go into
the shape-shifting so yeah let's go into
the shape-shifting our solution our
surplus go into the shape-shifting so
I'm not really shape-shifting it right
now I'm just kind of scrambling it with
mix up moves
so if I was wanting to scramble this
fuller I would probably make sure all of
the pieces will split up before going
into shape-shift and you can see some of
the pieces still need to be split up but
don't really feel like trying to
scramble it fully right now because I
just want to you know get on with making
the video so let's start doing some
shape-shifting
you can see already this is stance a lot
pretty crazy so yeah I guess I will
leave it there
this bit doesn't seem to wanna turn I
think I've not got things properly
aligned hmm that's weird
oh it's because of this but yeah I'll
just leave it there so that is a
scrambled MFA Sun one so the only cubes
are left now of these 2 YJ pill old
small three by threes so let's take a
look at this three point five centimeter
one first so it's a mini Bret cube
[Applause]
there are some instructions let's open
up the other one so this is 4.5 CL and
also have another mini Bret cube that I
got quite a while back on it's this one
really small one on a keychain so let's
just sell these turn that feels real and
ice yeah this is a really nice 3x3 just
feels a little tighter than that one
well yeah it still moves really great
let's do the check of our plan on them
so this check of our pond will just
compare the sizes of these see this
small one so I think I've got every size
of YJ mini brat cute no let's just have
a quick look at the pieces if I can get
one out so there's a nudge
and a corner and I'm guessing these will
be exactly the same
let's just have a quick look at the
conic way it's not amazing but it's okay
reverse isn't not great at all
yeah Corner coin on this one it seems
were such a lot and yeah let's scramble
these let's crumble this one this one
feels real and ice actually feels quite
drying kinda scratchy kind of thunder I
realize I feel them but usually when
keeps feel like that after you've used
them for a short while they don't feel
like it anymore
I guess because like as the break-in
that just kind of gets smoother and so
yes all those are two scrambled mini
Brad YJ three by threes so yeah sold
today from cubes
I got a framework Thermomix mf8 someone
a downs on shoots when it's on in which
it doesn't feel that great to be honest
a down Zhang Jian
a long on mosaic cube and 2yj mini bread
cubes so yeah that is pretty much it
thanks for watching
you