[Music]
this is Chef Tony marola the executive
chef at whome Family Farms we're going
to be talking about different kinds of
squashes we're going to be talking about
a corn squash here's our a corn squash
stem in Blossom in and what we're going
to do is we're going to take the uh stem
and do remember squash is very very hard
sometimes very difficult to go through
okay again a sharp knife basically is
the way to go rock your knife back and
forth and which way it'll get down into
the stem and this way you get it cut so
we got the the um stem off and we got
the blossom end off and what we want to
do is we want to cut down on the uh on
the egg corn squash split it in half and
what we want to do is we want to remove
the seeds you can take all these seeds
out remove them with a spoon or or a
knife and just take them out with your
fingers and just remove get the seeds
out of the way um a little bit of
vegetable oil a little bit of brown
sugar some maple syrup stick it in the
oven uh flesh side down like this in the
oven and let bake for 45 minutes until
it gets tender to the touch thank you so
much for um watching this video and I
hope you enjoy it
[Music]