hello welcome to typical pastry today
we'll be making mandazi and I'll show
you how I prefer to make mine if you
don't know what one does it is it's
pretty much a donut you can't in fashion
so I'll see guys how I do it and
hopefully you get to give it a try so
let's get started so right here we have
four cups of flat that we'll be using
and right here I have about 3/4 of light
brown sugar that I'll be using and I
know you can see a difference I'm using
a different kind of cup more like a
coffee mug so right here I have almost
half half a cup of milk lukewarm so just
want me to a little bit and then two
eggs and three tablespoons of vegetable
oil and you can use your everyday oil
that you use
right here I have one teaspoon of baking
powder and then right here I have one
teaspoon of yeast and so we'll just mix
all the ingredients
[Music]
[Music]
so we'll start with putting the dry
ingredients into the squad
and then right here I'll put some local
water though I want I will suggest not
to put this all at once you put it as
you go so we'll just touch with a little
bit that's mixing it
[Music]
at this point I get down on the football
and just do my thing
so you just work on it and you know to a
point where it's not you know so sticky
anymore as you can see not too stupid
and kind of soft but not you know it's
not going to be super super soft so what
we'll do and then take some oil and
apply it on top like this
[Music]
so the next thing I do up to applying
the oil on every side and then you can
place it make sure you place it
somewhere that's really warm and counted
room temperature just you know you might
have to leave it covered for about three
hours so since I'm going to turn on my
oven and just put it on the top of their
cook top so that the heat can help you
know spit it up so I'll just leave it
there for like one and a half hours to
two hours I forgot to mention but this
budding use the wool amount of water
that I had in this cup ended up just
using about 3/4 of the water so you
don't have to use all your water if
that's why you keep a little you know a
little mount of water as you go alright
soft an hour and a half we'll just take
this out as you can see his rice dog and
dumpling about the size
[Music]
softer rolling it out you'll just cut it
into shapes or how you prefer so to me I
just do it isn't way
[Music]
so in a pan or whatever pan that you use
for the frying put some oil and have it
on medium hits and to know if your oil
you know it's good to go just place a
wooden stick and if it starts doing that
just oh thanks buddy
or you can just cut out and loop it
someone does eat of the dough and just
put it in there and you know you can
tell if it's ready or not so we'll just
go ahead and dip that there rise up and
you see that it's becoming to the other
side the bottom side it's telling to
sink golden brown you can start to turn
it so that the other side can cook too
[Music]
good it's a bit like that pretty much
done so you just take them out and then
you just put it in a bowl and I like to
use a good Picasso that they can't so
Ken had the extra oil so it was fun
cooking with you guys hope you get to
try it's so easy so simple and you will
love the results so thanks for watching
and until next time let's keep it to
Pikeville fishing
[Music]