hey there how's it going everybody
welcome back plant abundance here today
I'm going to be sharing with you an
extremely easy technique for eliminating
all those unwanted garden weeds in this
garden bed here the first thing I'm
going to be doing is removing some of
the plants I want to save these are the
Egyptian walking onions a perennial
onion and last year in the summer
this patch became completely inundated
with Bermuda grass it started to
actually crawl out of the bed into the
pathways as well became a real nuisance
so I really want to take care of this
now while we're still in the winter and
the dormant season before those weeds
start to re-emerge so I'm going to
actually be transplanting these out
around the border of the rest of my
garden
plants in the Allium family like the
onions do a great job at helping to
deter different pests from the garden
which is why it can be a great technique
to plant these around the border of your
garden bed or the border of your entire
yard
[Music]
and you can see here I've got some
really nice rooted onion starts most of
these growing from the bubbles of the
Egyptian walking onions I've also got
some rooted bigger bulbs that were under
the ground so I'll be taking care of
planting these out at a later time let's
get back to the sheet mulching project
so now what I'm going to be doing and I
want to get under the edges of the
border as well as those weeds can grow
out so I'm going to be laying down some
construction paper this can be picked up
at your local big box store like Home
Depot in the paint section it's commonly
used as a drop cloth or you can actually
pick this up online and I'll include a
link below in the description if you're
unable to get it locally it's quite
affordable very easy to work with and
just one roll of this paper will get
many many garden beds and pathways done
so it's an extreme value now of course
you could use free local source
cardboard if you're able to get your
hands on some of that I find that this
paper is actually much easier to work
with
it'll also break down quicker and all
this paper is is the same exact material
that you'd find in a brown paper grocery
bag so not only is it going to help to
completely stop any weeds from
reemerging but when it breaks down it's
going to actually add nutrition to the
soil
[Music]
and you want to overlap each layer of
paper so I'm just pulling back the
woodchips a little bit to expose a
couple inches so I can get a good
overlapping with the next layer and this
goes by really quick which is the best
part
and it's so effective that once you put
down a sheet layer like this you're
probably going to eliminate the weeds a
hundred percent
I had never sheet mulch this garden bed
originally that's why I'm having to do
it now so you can see over here in this
area I've got a couple different plants
that I don't want to cover up with the
sheet mulch material I've got some
oregano and also some comfrey so all you
do in that case if you want to save a
couple plants is just put a couple cut
outs there so that the plants can reach
through the paper and get that
photosynthesis and as you go along you
can just put the wood chips on top
especially on a windy day this will be
helpful keeping the paper in place over
here I've got a different variety onions
I want to save so same technique just
punch a hole through the paper so
there's really no need to stress out
over doing weeding in your garden I know
that's one of the main pet peeves people
have when it comes to gardening and I'm
telling you this sheet mulching
technique it works wonders so whether
your sheet mulching a garden bed or
you're doing your pathways in the end
it's all worth the small investment up
front to get this work done
now we're done I'm just doing some final
finishing touches just kind of leveling
out these wood chips pulling out some of
the bigger sticks and that's all there
is to it now if you don't have wood
chips available oftentimes you can get
these for free from your local arborists
just check online or call around to the
local tree service companies and see if
they'd be willing to drop off a load of
chips for free hopefully but you could
use other materials such as leaves grass
clippings straw even rocks well that's
gonna do it for now
I hope you found this video helpful or
entertaining in some way if you did I
sure would appreciate a thumbs up and if
you haven't already I'd like to invite
you to subscribe to the channel new
uploads every week and I'm constantly
updating on all the different projects
going on out here and so with that I
wish you a great rest of your day until
next time this is Dan from plant
abundance calm take care I'll be talking
to you again soon
[Music]
you