when using the easi all easy foamer and
total body wash do not wet the animal
prior to application of ezl products you
may pretreat stained or especially
soiled areas but pre-wetting creates a
barrier between dirt and the ezl product
and reduces effectiveness grip and
squeeze the nozzle handle to apply the
easy all products as needed it will
appear as light foam or solution with
bubbles and dissipate fairly quickly
allow product three to five minutes to
set on surface before rinsing disconnect
the spray nozzle from the applicator by
pulling back on the Quick Connect
included in the EZ all bathing kit is a
nine position rinse head to attach the
rinse head insert it into the Quick
Connect nozzle on the foamer lid by
aligning the four guides and snapping
into position rinse animal thoroughly
choosing the desired wrench setting and
sew all solution dirt and debris is free
of the animal skin and coat
spray-on rinse off it's that easy