my name is hza and I will be showing you
how the proper way to throw a yo-yo
first okay but first if your string is
not the right size you may want to get
that trimmed so first you take the yo-yo
put it on your middle
finger and then you and then you put
your middle finger down the kind of
crease on the yo-yo and then all the
and then the two fingers next to it go
on the side of the yo-yo and your two
other fingers can just stay out and then
throw the yoyo down and then slightly
pull back up and then it should return
so don't pull it like
this I mean no well no that was the
correct way let me show you the wrong
way the wrong way to throw a the wrong
way to pull a yo-yo would be
like this let me show you this is the
wrong way to pull back a
yo-yo then it'll go all crazy crazy and
stuff and then it even just flies up it
doesn't rewind it just flies up so the
proper way to throw it would be to here
let me show you let me just tiut the
string up the proper way would be throw
down slightly pull back up okay and
another way that might it might take you
a little more practice but it looks
cooler if you do it this way the same
thing just do the same thing with all
your fingers but then turn your hand
upside down and put your middle and then
put your thumb down the crease and then
you throw it backwards flip your hand
and pull back
up wait okay I'll show you one more
demonstration okay let's show one
[Music]
more so again
middle finger here all the same fingers
but then turn it upside down put your
middle finger down this crease and use
your back finger and your middle finger
kind just throw it down then pull it
back up and one tip is that sometimes it
may just start spinning like spinning
crazy that's because your string may get
like all wind it up cuz it goes like
that so then if that happens just try
unwind
then just try unwinding your like just
let it spin so all the turns get out and
those are the two simple ways to use a
yo-yo