hey guys welcome back today on the M
tidy artist I'll be showing you how to
make mercury glass mercury glass is a
type of glass with a really silvery
appearance this type of glass actually
doesn't have any mercury or silver in it
it's just a really shiny beautiful
vintage looking silver it was originally
used to provide the reflective coating
for mirrors I was at a restaurant about
a month ago with my husband and the
entire restaurant was covered with these
beautiful vintage looking glass mirrors
and I inspired me to figure out how to
do this and do a tutorial also I have a
tutorial coming up for vintage glass
mercury Christmas ornaments and they're
a lot of fun and also something that you
see popping up all over the place and
home decor so let's grab some supplies
and get started the first thing you'll
need is some krylon looking glass mirror
like paint I purchased mine on sale at
Hobby Lobby I would definitely call your
local craft store to check and see if
they have it before you head over there
to get it also I will put a few links
below on places that you can buy it
online the next thing you'll need is a
spray bottle that has half white vinegar
and half water in it and you want to
make sure that it has a fine mist spray
you'll also need some paper towels and
then some glass vases I got mine at the
dollar store it's really cool how
amazing these turned out from a simple
vase from the dollar store you'll need
something to do your work on I just
recycled an old bag and the first step
is to make sure that your glass is nice
and clean
then grab your Looking Glass spray and
shake it for at least two minutes you
want to make sure that it's nice and
mixed up before we start creating our
glass and then what you're going to do
is start to spray the spray paint inside
of your vase in short bursts spray the
paint as evenly as you can in a very
thin layer you don't want it to pool up
too much if the paint does pull up and
start to drip a little bit on the inside
it's absolutely fine just kind of tilt
the glass around so that the inside is
covered as evenly as possible and then
you'll let it dry for about 30 seconds
and grab your vinegar and water spray
and making sure it's on the fine mist
setting just spritz the inside of your
glass several times what will happen is
everywhere that the droplets of vinegar
and water touch on the paint it will
start to lift the paint off then you're
going to grab your paper towel and
lightly dab the inside of the glass this
will lift the paint off wherever our
water and vinegar has touched leaving a
more weathered and less shiny finish on
our glass and then you're just going to
follow these those same steps again so
after we have dabbed out the inside and
it's completely dry
grab your looking-glass spray and we're
going to spritz in another layer so in
short bursts sigh your paint you don't
want to overdo it and to get it evenly I
kind of tilt it around if it pulls up at
all I tilt it around smart you can see
on the side there as it starts to dry
you can really see the shiny mirror
effect and then grab your water and your
vinegar spritz that in again you don't
want it to pull up too much let it sit
on your glass for about 30 seconds and
then grab your paper towel and begin to
dab again and you're just going to
follow these steps over and over until
you have the effect on the glass that
you like I did about four or five layers
and you can see you can get different
effects with the paper towel if you pull
on it more it's going to pull off more
of your paint where if you dab it it's
just going to lightly take the paint off
so kind of just play around and see what
effects you like on the glass may
sure as you add each layer that you're
putting the spray paint in as evenly as
you possibly can and make sure that
you're covering the entire inside of
your vase it's really cool to see your
simple vase transform into this gorgeous
glass vintage looking vase on some of
the vases I made I did about eight or
nine layers of the glass and the vinegar
and water solution I would do at least
three or four layers and it just depends
on how shiny and how whether do you like
your glass to look I just keep adding
layers until I'm happy with how it looks
I really love how this vase turned out
and at this point you can be finished
you can be all done with your glass vase
it's absolutely gorgeous or if you'd
like to add a more vintage touch you can
add some flat black paint to the inside
so I lined the outside rim of my vase
with some painters tape and then I took
my flat black spray paints just a krylon
black flat paint and I spritz the inside
with two layers make sure to let it dry
for about an hour between layers if you
happen to get any on the outside rim of
the glass or if you get any of the
looking-glass spray paint on the outside
of the glass just spray some of your
vinegar and water solution on a paper
towel and wipe out wipe it all off it'll
come off very easily and that's it guys
you're done you have this really cool
gorgeous looking vintage glass base this
would be a really fun table decoration
for Thanksgiving or for Christmas and it
would also be a really nice gift for
anyone for the holidays thanks for
watching guys if you have any comments
or questions please post those below
please be sure to check out my mercury
glass Christmas ornament video and if
you haven't already subscribed please do
please click on the subscribe button and
thanks for watching guys - see you next
time