at the amaryllis our so super kids drink
that we all remember from the eighties
and it was that sickly sweet long drink
that was sort of amaretto and neon green
sour mix it came off and gone so one
we're gonna be serving today is the
recipe from a buddy of mine Jeffrey
Morgentaler
and it's more of a take on a whiskey
sour things sweetened with amaretto and
it's it's just a beautiful play on a
kind of cheesy drink first we're gonna
start with 1/2 ounce of egg whites we're
adding egg whites like you do to a lot
of Stowers just add some consistency a
different texture and some foam to the
top of the cocktail followed by just a
splash we're gonna record arounds a
simple syrup the amaretto itself is
already pretty sweet so we don't need to
add any additional sugar on top of that
next we're gonna add 1 ounce of fresh
squeezed lemon juice at Earl's we have
almost a thousand bartenders who have to
squeeze fresh lemons and limes every day
because to make such a huge difference
in the cocktail brightens it up and
truly makes it a fresh real drink next
we're gonna add 3/4 ounce of Bulleit rye
so this is an american rise it's gonna
be at least 51% rye which adds some
spiciness to the drink and balances out
a lot of the sweet notes from the
amaretto amaretto we're gonna pour about
an ounce and a half and top the entire
drink up with ice
given that we have egg whites in here we
need to give it an extra hard shake to
make sure that we emulsify them that's
cold
now we're gonna strain this over fresh
ice we're easily do this because the
fresh ice isn't gonna be beaten up like
the shake and ices and it will stay
colder a little bit longer and it also
looks a lot nice for the presentation
finally we're gonna garnish this drink
with a straw a cherry and an orange zest
and there we have it
hi I'm reddit our