[Music]
so you guys this might be something
really really quick just informative
video because a lot of people do ask me
which cats do I prefer to make a wig
with or what do I use to make my wig so
I use like a different type of cap on
maybe several wigs like so it's not
always the same cap that I use when I'm
making away
I do switch it up very frequently so I
do have some that I'm going to show you
guys real quick but first of all I use a
mannequin block a wig block making head
so these are what I use I do have about
two others - two others I have a total
of three and they range in head
circumference so this is a 22 inch so
that way if it's like an average head
size and then I do have smaller ones
these are pretty heavy I do like to sew
with them basically sitting down and
I'll just have this portion of it like
just between my legs so that way I can
just kind of drip it this is the long
net one which makes it a lot better for
me there is a shorter neck one with a
little bit shorter I do prefer the long
neck ones only because of the way that
I'm making I mean I'm sitting on the
couch and I'm just grasping on my leg so
that's why you so also use like either t
pins or these you know pins from
Walmart's that are really good - you
have to make sure not to get the ones
that are too cheap because they will
fall apart like the heads of them will
definitely come off trust me I've
already been there um also I do use just
curved needles
I probably thread about I do thread
about eighteen of them at a time so that
way I don't have to keep dragging them
as I sew eighteen that's probably more
than enough I think I goes in PI like
fourteen thirteen or depends on how many
tracks I'm slowing in or how close I'm
sewing it but for the most part once
I've threaded all of them
I don't have to go back and forth and
thread anymore that is the part that
comes to be like really annoying and you
have to keep going back in threading I
cannot take that so I did buy like a lot
of curved needles I do prefer the longer
curved needles because they're just more
comfortable when you get used to some
thing is just a lot more comfortable so
I do have shorter ones but I prefer the
really long ones because they're just
much more comfortable the wig caps that
I use like I said they bury it could be
one thing it just depends on how I feel
so this one right here is the spandex
dome cap these are a dollar ninety-nine
at your local beauty supply store and
this is by the brand dream world
this is just for sewing weeds wigs you
far superior quality I do like these
especially for lace fronts because they
are they just fit a lot more snug so
that's the one thing that I do like
about these a lot it's like a silky type
of texture the band is big okay and the
cap is just a regular kind of like silk
texture dome cap it's not see-through
but it is really good for like sewing
lace frontals
and even if you want to sew it closed
your wig it's good too but I think like
when you're sewing the closure wig on
this particular one it's kind of it just
fits so if you have like a lot of hair
then I wouldn't suggest this particular
brand because it's like a just fitting
cap and sometimes just with the closure
it can be pretty tight you know I'm
saying like just being but I do like the
overall durability of it especially
because the band is so wide so this is
like one of my go-to all so I'll use
this brand right here which is the cute
bit collection this one is blonde is
just for platinum hair just imagine that
it's black
now this one is also a spandex dome
style wig cap this is a you know a
little bit different it stretches a
little bit differently um to me they
also do make the mesh ones which is a
little bit lighter and material and
unfortunately didn't have any more of
those but I like to get those as well
lately I've been using what I do get the
mesh ones because I've noticed that in
size they have changed you've gotten a
little bit smaller so I do use the extra
larges when I am making like a closure
which I will use this particular brand
it will be the mesh extra-large okay I
like the mesh ones because it's a lot
more readable it's hard to find the
blonde ones like that but this brand is
really good these one a little bit more
as the beauty supply store mixer
concept is all still the same I'm like I
said I'll leave them in black and I also
use the ones that say mesh and you'll
notice it says much right here at the
bottom and it's a spandex mesh dome
style we cap those are the best one it's
all in my favorite they make life a lot
easier when it comes to sewing your wigs
okay I'm making a wig also if I want to
make a U part or if I want to make just
take a regular wig for the closure or a
lace front so I'll also use this one
here which is also my dream world and
this is the deluxe multi-use weaving cap
one size fits all I have been using
these to start with these were my very
first ones that I've ever used for
closures and also for youth parts and
lace frontals so these are what I
started off with there are so many
different brands but you have to be
careful because with different brands
the netting is totally different meaning
cheap rips all that stuff so I like
dream world I got them from eBay I
believe and also from the beauty supply
store so what dream world as you guys
can see right here with this is the cat
part this is we would sew like closure
or your fronts or whatever and then in
the back area there's the adjustable
straps there aren't any hooks but that's
okay now also on the side there's your
chest but it's breathable like look it's
seat I like them because of the ear tab
but they're also very flexible and it's
less weight on your head but here's the
thing I have gotten like a lot of weight
like were made like by other people that
send me them to remake for them and I've
noticed or I've also that a braiding way
that was made on one of these these are
not supposed to be on the outside like
because the seams are on the outside I'm
saying like the inside does not mean
that these are supposed to be announcer
and I think people take that into like
and I'm gonna put it on the actual
mannequin so you guys can see what I'm
talking about so when it's sewn of
course it does look like this is the
outside because the seams are on the
inside the little white tag right here
is on the inside you know that means so
people would think okay well I'm gonna
throw the hair up here but then you have
to think about it when you get a
in the mail you buy which is your Justin
stripes on the outside no they're on the
inside so we have to turn it inside out
you have to turn this inside out and you
have to sew on the seams so that way
when you're putting on your wig and you
want to make it fit properly you have
the adjustable straps right there okay
nobody is seeing all of this if you feel
self-conscious you can cut away a little
bit of the excess like material I do
that sometimes
don't get carried away but this is the
actual outside this is where you would
show the hair at the adjustable straps
have to be on the inside of the neck
these are really good I like these
they're breathable
this is one friend that's really sturdy
there's another brand that's also very
sturdy I have yet to find it I've had it
once and then gonna find it also I will
purchase these from time to time on
Amazon now you can get these from
Aliexpress they do um they are a little
bit pricier Aliexpress will
charge crush shipping / wig cap but I
just bought three of them on Amazon and
four of them and that was just fine for
me so these are these wig caps right
here and these are the ones that have
the adjustable straps and the hooks
right here on them and it does have like
the silk base on the sides and then on
sides it has the mesh cap so these are a
little bit better than the deluxe ones
okay now as far as being meaning it's
better they have hooks on the straps of
the nape so that's a plus okay no big
deal I'm not really likely to turn about
it this portion right here is material
which is great not not worried about it
too much but it does make sewing a
little bit easier for those and then
right here you can have a little bit
more space so it would probably
definitely fit a closure but you know
either way you're gonna cut away at this
no big deal these are great I do like
these a lot so I'll get them from like
Amazon and you can also get it from
Aliexpress and then there's these ones
right here which are also another one
that I've tried out in the front of
these you have like a kind of like
velvet or felt material same concept
except for there is no fabric in the
middle it's all how
fishnet type of fabric but either way it
also has the adjustable straps in the
nape so that way you will be able to
read hook your way but you guys those
are the wig caps that I use I hope you
guys found this before motive on that
note I gotta go gotta do another week
video I love you all stay deep and
evilicious make sure you rate comment
and subscribe share this video with all
your social media friends and family
even ones that you don't like and I'll
see you guys on a second video
[Music]
[Music]