this is a flatbed water it's a cutting
table and it works like a second air
hockey table and Reverso and it stops
charlie now and then
Parrish runs up and down the table
cutting head goes back across the
terrace that gives you the XY digital
control yeah what we use to cut all the
pieces up you know you can see the shape
here is a panel of a cell that we've
been working on and so it takes a couple
hours to cut all the pieces up you
change out materials for different
applications different spots in the sale
and then they get stuck together yeah
and and so huge machine of different
machines for different applications on
the sale
now when we build a sail everything is
stuck together you know we have this
right here of these tapes and basically
everything is is stuck together with a
with a really sticky mm-hmm two sided
tape
you know in the old days we used to do a
lot of sort of what we call free
assembly where you'd be joining the
panels at the sewing machine with no
tape oh yeah and and sometimes you would
have just a little jig which would get
the oh the seam overlap right yeah you
would just be sitting there feeding it
in so the sewing machine operator it had
to be pretty good otherwise you know not
only are trying to sew straight but
you're trying to join the panels yeah we
don't do that anymore everything's done
with the tapes just to no one you get a
stronger scene but - you get a more
accurate construction but that part of
it really hasn't changed very much
I mean sewing machine technology goes
back a hundred years some of our
machines that machine there is 25 years
old that's cool and you know this is a
brand-new machine we've got a couple of
years ago it's just a little bit heavier
with some digital controls for some
pacific stitches but you know the
concept of how the machine works is a
hundred years old
that part of its you know you dates back
to the you know turn-of-the-century and
you know certainly predates wind surfing
the whistling technology
and then of course we
down to the river and test them out yes
everything just long sales make them
make sure they work make the changes
that we need to sometimes you make
another generation of the sale or two or
three and then when we're when we're
finished then we send our pattern to a
factory in China that does all our sale
production yeah and they make them
pretty much the same way we do here it's
just on a little bit bigger scale and
you know different steps broken down for
the efficiency of the production and
then we import the finished sales back
as you see here these are all the other
things to finish sales and then we do
distribution to windsurfing shops all
around the continent in some
international export to
you