what's up you guys walking back to MoMA
news channel so today I am making a
recipe that you all have been waiting
for I know I'm a little late you guys
wanted this like during Christmas and we
received but it's cool cuz it's still
cold outside so I'm still in time so I'm
bringing you guys today
Apple solar recipe and today I'm kind of
bringing taking it back kind of to like
my first cooking video where I brought
you guys on a little trip to the grocery
store so I brought you I'm bringing it
to the grocery store with me so we can
get all our ingredients I'm in this
bougie-ass near ahead I hate [ __ ]
living in this [ __ ] neighborhood it
kind of sucks cuz when you live in a
bougie ass neighborhood the Mexican
aisle is like so or like the Hispanic
aisle is like so small like they don't
have a lot to pick from but we're gonna
make it work so just roll with me and
you guys are gonna see all right so the
first thing we're going to get our
veggies so we need you're gonna need a
team one is so I already have my little
bag right here we are going to need
cabbage
and you're going to need Ravenel
and you're gonna need one whole garlic
and you're gonna need one yellow onion
now you guys are gonna see the [ __ ]
wack ass I love Mexican food and
Hispanic food that we have in this
bougie-ass neighborhood so it's just bit
the little lass Isle and then like I
hate their chilly section like it's so
[ __ ] small and there's only like one
band but it's okay because we're gonna
make it work
so you're going to need a big bag of
chilli California or the California
chili because see you're also gonna need
conch oh man
you need one of these a big one the next
thing you're gonna need is two big cans
hominy I like this friend I mean I've
never really used another brand but my
mom has always stayed faithful to this
brand so this is the one I get so you
want to get two big cans don't get the
little can this is a little kind you
need the two big cans you're gonna need
those tiles I'm not really picky with
the brand I just get whichever ones but
i'ma grab some of these so make sure you
grab those fell out
all right so for the chicken I'm going
to take one of the picnic packs
so one picnic nut and then I'm gonna
grab two packages of the half breasts
and make sure you get the one that has a
skin on do not get the breast fill it
make sure you get the half press with
the bone and the
skin on it so I'm grabbing two of you
alright guys we're back in my house now
we got everything that we need to make
our posole so let me show you guys what
I've done so far so purple solar you're
gonna need a big pot like this I
strongly recommend you use a big pot I
already rinsed the chicken with cold
water and I put water in it so the next
step I literally barely put it on the
stove so the next step is we're going to
grab a head of onion and we're gonna put
it in our pot make sure you put the
whole head of onion in there and also
try to remove some of the skin I removed
most of it so we're good so I've already
tried so I try to take off most of the
scan from my from my garlic you don't
want to take off too much skin because
if not it's gonna fall apart and you
don't want a bunch of like little garlic
cloves all scattered in there because
somebody's gonna be eating Palala next
thing you know they're gonna be [ __ ]
eating a whole bowl of garlic so trying
to make it whole and we're gonna dump it
in there so as of now I'm not doing any
salt and just because when's my chicken
starts boiling then I'm gonna put some
other console man there or the chicken
bullion whatever you like to call it and
I know you guys repair like why are you
putting chicken bullion if there's
really natural chicken broth in there
this is gonna give him more flavor so
you can use salt if you want instead but
I highly recommend that you use the
chicken bullion to give it flavor so
we're gonna let it boil for a little bit
I'm gonna wait maybe like twenty to
thirty minutes for it to boil once it's
boiling a little bit then I'm gonna add
some of the chicken bullion okay great
so now the next thing that we're gonna
do is we're gonna grab our bag of Chima
chronic Bonilla and we're going to
lean them and then working it clip them
I was almost out of ammo hi um how do
you say it in English
rinse I know we're gonna throw that
we're just gonna let them sit in the
water basically the purpose of letting
them sit in the water we're gonna leave
them in there for about an hour or two
um the reason why we're gonna put them
the reason why we're gonna let them sit
in water is just to let take your stuff
in yeah so if you're in a hurry you know
got time for that [ __ ] option number two
is to boil these um you can boil them
for maybe two to three minutes but do
not let it pass more than two to three
minutes cause if not it's gonna give it
like a sweet or like a sour flavor and
you don't want that so I'm gonna and
since I do have time I'm gonna let them
sit in water for about an hour and so
let's take your socks off the net but if
you're a busy pitching you don't got
time for that then you can boil them for
about two to three minutes okay so we're
gonna open it up so you keep this near
mothers yeah I took the stem off and now
I'm gonna take off the seeds and make
sure you clean these super good you want
all the seeds all
and now you're gonna rent it
[Music]
gonna rinse it and then throw it in here
you're gonna use your whole bag so make
sure you're gonna use your whole bag so
make sure you clean and let these
they're all the whole bag okay guys okay
so now we are going to add some consumer
which is this you wanna add like three
big spoonfuls depending on how salty you
like it is how you're gonna go it but
normally I always add about four spoons
and make sure you could use a big spoon
like this don't be like me when I don't
be like me using a little like spoon cuz
it's what I did you gotta make sure you
guys use these big spoonfuls and they
gotta look like this so you want to add
four of these this is what's gonna give
your passaglia flavor and then at the
end once it's ready if it's still not to
your liking you guys can always add more
but this should be just enough for those
that don't like it so soul sleep like so
salty and flavorful but honestly this is
what gives you guys this is this is what
gives the persona flavor
and I think that should be fine after
you're done just want it spin it you
just want to mix all of it in and then
we'll go back and start tasting it and
once the chicken is more cooked alright
guys so your Chile's should look like
this so it's been about an hour already
and they're soft ready so I can start
making my salsa for my pasola your
cabbage your chopped up cabbage should
look like this super then this is what
it should look like so chop up your
cabbage then now I'm gonna cut my
radishes so I'm gonna show you guys how
I cut mine so I cut the stems off you
want to cut it from both sides and you
could eat yours whole it doesn't really
matter but I like to do mine spin like
in circles I just so I just chop it up
in circles just like that can we do
another one just to demonstrate to you
guys you cut off this cut off the other
side and you just do it in circles like
that
[Music]
alright guys so now I'm gonna show you
guys how to make this tomato like sauce
that I make it's kind of like kind of
like a topping for your posole it's not
spicy but it gives it extra flavor it's
real easy to make so what you're gonna
need
so I've already chopped up my my 2
Tomatoes I just chopped them up like in
half so it's easier to blend and then I
grabbed about this much onion so this so
much and you're gonna use for the water
we're gonna add about maybe about that
much water so you don't want to put too
much because you don't want a super
watery and I'm going to add about this
much salt not too much okay so now I'm
gonna grab my bag of oregano and I'm
gonna use about this much you don't want
to use too much cuz oregano has a very
strong flavor so just a little bit and
then you're gonna grind it in your hands
you're just gonna go like this
make sure you grind it super good
and just that little bit that I put in
there's gonna give it a good flavor
and you mix it make sure you mix it
super good this is a mess you get if you
get your Mickey posole this Lancer is a
mess so I highly recommend that you make
this salsa are you guys so now my
Chile's are nice and soft so I put them
inside the blender and then where I had
them I'm sitting in the water I'm gonna
grab some of that water and the water
super dark cuz of the chili and I'm
gonna use our same water to make my
salsa and you don't want your son
thought to be hallow watery but you
don't want it too big but
and if it's your first time making it
just add as you go you don't have to add
it in all at once
and you don't have to put salt in the
salsa just because you already flavored
your purity flavored this with the
chicken broth and the actual chicken and
the ending and all that so you don't
have to flavor the salsa all we're gonna
all we're gonna use for our salsa for
the pasola is water and Chile's alright
so you see how my sons are kind of thick
so I definitely need to add more water
so now I'm gonna add more water
so I added about two two-and-a-half more
of these of water your club so your cell
should look like this like not too thick
and not too watery oh you need a
strainer you need one of these the
purpose of this is to make sure none of
the seeds fall in there or whatever
didn't get blended well like the
chillest it'll just stay stuck on here
Fred can you'll put up two how many for
me please yeah okay so now we're gonna
throw it in there and you're gonna do it
little by little
[Music]
so make sure you do this little by
little cuz this [ __ ] gets a little heavy
and if you're not making a big pot like
this then you don't need to use all the
chilies you could probably use like half
of the bag but if you're using a big pot
like this and I do recommend you use a
whole bag so you see how all the thick
stuff is getting stuck up here so that's
why we use a strainer okay so we got all
the good stuff out okay so now we're
gonna mix it and the salsa is what makes
our pasta live read and don't ask me for
no green posole or no wipers oh man
a [ __ ] doesn't make that color I make
the red one so you guys figure it off
you guys wanna know how to make the red
one okay so right after you throw in
your chili or your side now you're gonna
want to throw in the hominy so what
we're gonna do is we're gonna dump out
the water that's of the hominy you don't
want none of this water so you're gonna
throw it all out
okay now we're gonna throw it in here
okay
be careful guys this is dangerous
camerman talk back here yes just getting
roll over here
so what I'm gonna have to do is I'm
gonna have to take some water oh because
you're not gonna be in that front my
second can so I'm gonna take some of the
juice out and while you're doing that
you can also take out some of the fat so
see all the fat that on the top or like
all the oil you can take it out you're
not gonna get all of it but I mean you
could get most of it okay now I made
enough room again throw all your juice
but I need one of those old leading like
in London because a [ __ ] is not trying
to get dirty over here oh she got on my
flat you guys alrighty guys so my boss
Lola is almost dead now are you gonna do
is wait about fifteen to twenty minutes
just hold up the side side and the
harmony could cook together with the
chicken and just you know give it a
little more flavor so we're gonna let it
chill and cook for about fifteen to
twenty minutes and then we're gonna be
able to eat guys so stay tuned okay guys
so it's been about 20 minutes and my
posole is ready to go girl so you know
I'm ready to eat so I'm going to show
you guys how I prep my possible I also
wanted to mention a lot of people use
pork in their posole
um I don't we try not to eat a lot of
pork here at my house just cuz pork is
not that good for you not to lie it does
give the pasola a good ass flavor so if
you do like to eat pork feel free to
throw a pork in there you do have to
cook it for a little longer because you
want to make sure the pork is cooked
good but um it's optional you don't have
to throw pork in it you could just do
you could also do chicken just like we
did so just one of them apples all in my
bowl so now what I'm gonna do is also I
forgot to mention
make sure you chop up some onions and
then I just have my cabbage here and I
have my lemons here and I have my salsa
remember it's not spicy but it gives a
flavor so first time I throw in my
cabbage
and you throw it at the top like that so
then I'm gonna throw some onion on here
I mean I'm gonna throw some flour on
there now I'm gonna grab my salsa and I
won't put up top
and you're gonna squeeze some lemon on
their top IG delicious recipe
let's [ __ ] fire alright so now you
know we don't eat anything without
Tapatio
so we're gonna throw some Tapatio in
there okay so I can't even explain how
many times I got bitched at for my last
video because a [ __ ] didn't do the
fetish bite so I'm gonna do my fetish
fight for you guys I'm not gonna pick
the bowl up because it's [ __ ] a hot
ass but um let's see let's take my first
bite I'm gonna get some love on home
why
we try to hate fire so that is how I
prepare my volleyball now I'm going to
show you how to make the pasta so we
meet my family we make these tostadas
there are made out of the pasola so roll
with me if I can show you guys I kind of
jumped ahead of you guys
so what you do is you grab a tostada and
then you smear sour cream on the bottom
of the tostada on top of the sour cream
you're gonna get chicken from your
posole and you're gonna shred it and
you're gonna put it on your tostada then
you're gonna put cabbage on top I'm
gonna throw a little bit of onion I'm
gonna grab some sour cream and I'm just
gonna put a little bit on the top I'm
gonna grab some of my salsa and I'll put
a little bit on the top also
I'm gonna grab some radish and I'm gonna
put some radish on top i'ma put some
lemon on it
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
and now I'm gonna grab some Tapatio and
I'm gonna throw some Tapatio on there
this is [ __ ] fire you guys if you
guys have never had these tostadas you
need to make one when you make your
pasola
it's so [ __ ] good I guess I'm gonna
do my fetish pie for my tostada mm-hmm
I feel like I'm doing like a samurai
right now bong alright guys so that was
my super easy persona video for solid is
they're great yeah what Saul is not even
hard to make you guys I don't know why
people act like is so hard like it's
really not that hard to me so I hope you
guys enjoyed this video I hope I'm not
late
still called so he's talked about time
and do your little soul man um send me
videos pictures tag me in your pictures
if you need making your pasola don't
forget to hit the like button don't
forget to leave the subscribe button
tell me what you guys think about my
recipe and thank you guys so much for
watching a momentous channel