good morning friends I am Patti L Hawk
the author of upcycle with decoupage and
some of you may have seen the table that
I used chalk paint and a transfer over
last week that turned out like this
but this table has a glass tabletop and
you can follow these instructions I'm
about to give you for any glass tabletop
and what we're going to do today is add
some reverse decoupage on the glass
tabletop so that it can go over this
table that we did the first thing that I
did was I took a napkin and these small
curved scissors to cut out my floral
images and you don't want to separate
the napkin until after you've cut
everything but then you want to place
them down where you think they would
look the nicest on your table so I'm
just moving these around a little bit to
see where I would like them to go and
now that I'm happy with where I've
placed everything I'm going to dampen my
fingertips and now I'm going to separate
my images so that I'm just left with the
top layer and I'm placing it facedown so
the image is facing away from me
and down towards the table now I'm
taking some napkin decoupage glue I
poured a little bit out onto the surface
and I am placing it in the center of the
napkin and moving outwards you really
want to use the napkin decoupage glue
for this because it is a much more
absorbent medium and this way you don't
have to put it down on the tabletop
first and we're trying to avoid getting
the glue on the table if you get a
little bit on you can wipe it away here
like I'm doing because it is a little
bit challenging this part trying just to
pull that
decoupage glue out to the ends by the
way I'll have these products listed on
my website and the link is right below
this video if you want to go over there
and have a look at the product or
purchase any of the product and I'm
going to go around the rest of my glass
surface and apply these napkins in the
same way but I also did a couple of
other things I took a pen and wrapped a
wet paper towel around it and went
around here again just to remove any of
the excess glue because we don't want
any of that showing through to the other
side it's best to do this while the glue
is wet you really don't want to let that
dry and get caked on so if we do this
now we'll be much better off in the next
step and what I'm going to do is just go
around the rest of the table remove that
top ply of the napkin add the decoupage
glue in the center and pull it out and
because we're using the napkin decoupage
glue it absorbs that much easier and you
want to apply light pressure here so you
don't tear the napkin and I put this
aside to dry and I did notice that I
still left a little bit of the glue on
there so I wanted to remove it and I
took one of these straight edge razors
and just went around some spots right
put a little too much glue I did remove
some of the napkin accidentally so you
want to avoid this part if you can and
now that everything is dry I'm going to
take a nail file and you can see on
these edges here I overlapped a little
bit not onto the table just off the
surface of the glass and I just took a
nail file and I went around to all of
those places and filed and you just want
to file in one direction file downwards
and make sure your piece is completely
dry you see it leaves a nice clean edge
and just go around the whole surface and
get rid of any of those pieces that you
may have overlapped on the side and if
you want to apply a top
so you would have to apply it the same
way here that you did with the decoupage
glue try not to go over the surface so
I'm going to flip this over so that you
can see how the napkins look we did a
reverse decoupage so now I flip the
glass over you can see that the napkins
stand out a little bit more because
you're looking at the front side of that
and because the surface below is a very
light color the napkins will pop they'll
stand out and you can see now that we've
got the transfer underneath and the
reverse decoupage on the glass and
another thing that I love about this
because all of the work is done on the
opposite side is that I can take my
favorite glass cleaner and spray it over
the surface and wipe it away so if there
are any spills on this it won't harm our
work because that's all done on the back
and I can have a nice clean table if we
spill something on it or if the iced tea
glass starts to sweat a little bit and
here's how our table looks now that it's
all complete and here's how it looks if
you just want to leave it plain if you
want to have a little bit more of a
fancy Tea Party or something you can
just put the table top right back over
this or just something to protect it if
you're having guests or just sitting
outside with your table I'm keeping this
outside on my porch next to a little
chair where I can listen to the sounds
of the birds read a nice magazine and
relax and I think this is one of my
shortest videos guys thank you so much
for subscribing it is a huge help to me
over here upcycle with decoupage is also
on Facebook if you go over and like and
follow the page you'll be notified every
week when I put a new video app and in
case you missed it I will have a link
below to last week's video in case you'd
like to know how to do the transfer over
H off painted table as always I'm going
to leave you with a few pictures from
around my house and we took my dad to
the shore for Father's Day
we'll have a couple of pictures there
where we had dinner and I love hearing
from you guys I'm sorry it's taking me
longer and longer to get back to you but
I will get back to you as soon as I can
if you've got any questions thanks again
friends I'll see you next week with
another video bye bye
you