great yeah so much fun delightful so
delicious and fun to make yeah we're
talking about a flip waffle maker why do
we need I'll show you what that means
first of all when you flip I have a flip
waffle maker what happens is you can
turn it upside down like this so when
you put that batter in for the first
time it's gonna adhere I'm not really
the stick because it's nonstick but it
goes down and gravity pulls that batter
into those deep pockets that way so when
you turn it this way now it's gonna have
gravity pull the rest of the batter down
into this pocket so what it does is it
creates beautiful deep pockets and nice
light crispy waffles here you get a
little sip of water to wash down my pots
well you deserve before we start wolfing
down waffles yes yes because that's the
only thing you'd use at waffles you wolf
them you waffle so here's how easy it is
to make you take about 6 ounces of that
batter that's about 3/4 of a cup okay
and you just spread it around here but
you don't worry about it if it overflows
who cares right there's a drip tray down
there so you pop that in spread it to
the side close this I liked it okay this
handle really is for storage purposes
but I like to use it as a little lever
to turn that over and then down here is
a timer so you can press this timer on
and you can set it to 5 minutes because
that's roughly what it takes but of
course up on the top of the waffle maker
you also have a dial here to control
whether you want it light medium or dark
so all of these things help you make the
best waffles
to meet the way to know when a waffle is
done is to look for no more steam
escaping did you get that's it no more
steam escape yes I want to make sure
you're paying attention because I know
the waffles were a distraction well you
know what foods in general is a
distraction but I will tell you a lot of
folks are loving this clearance price
$29.96 Meredith this is a for payments
of 749 we have colors this color is
eggplant most limited here's your blue I
have it for you are we calling the
stainless stainless look at this and we
have the red so very very busy lots and
lots of you are loving this savings
remember you're looking at four payments
of $7.49 and we bring home a beautiful
waffle maker that is much like the ones
you have in those hotel buffet right
when you go
and they had the batter and you put them
in the little cup and you pour it in and
then and you make the perfect perfect
Belgian waffle this is that Belgian
waffle shape exactly and the reason they
call them Belgian waffles will I don't
know why they call in Belgium but what
Belgian means is it deep pockets it's a
deep pocketed waffle and then you just
flip it over it's fun it's easy you make
all these you know a great way to reheat
them is in the airfryer or you can make
a whole batch maybe on the night before
New Year's Eve like New Year's Eve you
make them you pop them in your airfryer
the next morning you have a beautiful
New Year's Day waffle celebration and
look at all the different kinds we've
got here - David so here we have some
blueberry waffles of course delicious I
like to cook bacon ahead of time and
stick that in the waffle batter hello
yeah and then regular waffles chocolate
waffles here is some of that bacon and
cheddar waffle look how beautiful it is
cooked bacon and cheddar right in your
waffle already oh love it okay I'm gonna
have to be all over that in a moment
hey let me tell you also that if you
want the eggplant I have 500 left I have
a few more blue red and stainless or our
most popular choices so don't wait on
these this is the cheese bacon waffle
right so bacon and cheddar waffle yes
you can put maple syrup on that I think
it's perfectly legitimate do you not
playing there you go
how's it I know
so you see if you you know in the south
you can tell me this waffles and chicken
and gravy all right so not just for
breakfast I like to think of waffles as
breakfast or dessert but you can
definitely have them to soak up all that
beautiful gravy - when you're having
fried chicken a chicken and waffles with
the cheesy bacon waffles you see there
look at that look at that I don't white
pan you might not get up from the table
for a while after that never have to
roll me away from the table all right
now I will tell you this thirds pricing
means that we're down to our final
quantities 800 of these are gone when
they're gone for good we wave goodbye to
this particular model that doesn't mean
we'll never have another waffle maker
only here again this will have this
model back
so let's encourage everyone to take
advantage of this get the color you're
after that eggplant
most limited blue is available stable
most popular so what are we making here
miss Meredith well here we've got an
apple waffle right so we took some
apples just saute them just so at light
leave ahead of time and then pop them
into the batter now you know there is a
great batter recipe on Blue Gene chef
calm it's also a basics recipe you can
find a great basics waffle recipe if you
go to QVC's youtube channel type in QVC
the basic waffles and you can also use a
box mix there you go there's one that
makes especially crusty and easy waffles
crusty crusty and easy you know that's
if you were to be crusty and easy you
push those words together like that what
would that be well it's a great waffle
mix anyway love that mix and you can in
fact take a waffle mix of that and add
things to it so you can add some pumpkin
to that and make pumpkin waffles right
okay I know all these different things
you can make here is your chicken and
gravy with the waffles but let's put a
little bit of well you don't we have
coming up we have the chicken fried the
Heartland chicken fried chicken coming
up so there you go we've got you covered
we got your waffles
we've got your chicken you've got
everything right and there's a little
bit of caramel sauce to go with your
apple waffle and maybe a little bit of
whipped cream whipped topping yeah what
do you think yeah look at that so you
see this is fun right I think it's fun I
always like to start a celebration so
New Year's Day is a great waffle day you
know for breakfast Christmas day great
waffle day for breakfast but any special
day like anybody's birthday is a great
way to start the day is to have waffles
because they're fun to make you can have
you know everybody can get involved in
doing it and this is a good time it got
a little too much batter and this one no
worries though the drip trays doing a
mighty fancy job there's that drip tray
yeah picking up all that extra now if
you want eggplant 300 left here it is in
the blue 600 left in the blue I've got
it in stainless Oh
600 left in the stainless and finally
red only 1100 remain this 30% savings
and clearance pricing will all disappear
once the item is gone
I'm gonna come back and take a look at
this one just to see how it's going be
and that's the thing like you can come
back
you can check anytime you want but look
how beautifully that is coming along it
needs a little more time so we're gonna
go ahead and let it cook a little longer
there's that timer going off down here
you can just press that and reset it
this timer works independently of the
waffle machine so you set it for
whatever time you want but when you stop
seeing steam you know how you can see a
little bit steam here it's when you stop
seeing steam you know your waffles done
well exactly and if you'd like your
waffle a little less crispy like I do I
like it more cakey oh look at this one
then you'll turn it back to the lighter
the setting and then if you like it more
crispy you turn into the darker side
exactly so beautiful and remember you
can make waffles ahead of time they
freeze really well you can put them into
a zipper sealable bag reheat them in the
oven or in your air fryer leave him
alone he needs to cool
touch him don't talk to him for a while
he's angry right now he's like you woke
me up too early baby's room all right
darling one more item level are one more
no it's a one-day only item look good
and it's great and it something
everybody needs lots of there you go
what is it about you're gonna definitely
I think hey yeah that's where I'm going
all right and Meredith will save you
some money
Loren Edmonds is here from st. st.
Claire foods out of Memphis Tennessee
and she's southern and she knows