[Music]
hi guys today I'm going to show you how
to grow beets from seed I like to use
heirloom or open pollinated seeds since
the seeds that I harvest later will
produce vegetables identical to the
parent plant first off if you're going
to plant them in a container you need to
get a large container much larger than
the one I'm using with plenty of
drainage holes fill it with soil and
water it thoroughly likewise if you're
planting it directly into the garden you
want to start off by watering the soil
first just so that the seeds don't get
displaced when you're watering it
after next you want to take water
bottles and cut the tops off after the
soil has settled you want to take the
seeds you want to plant the seeds half
an in
deep and 3 in apart and as you plant
them you want to take the water bottles
with the top cut off flip them upside
down and twist it into place creating a
mini
Greenhouse next you want to place a
container where it gets plenty of
sunlight until the seeds
germinate it's been 4 days and the seeds
have begun to
sprout at this point you can remove the
plastic bottles and you could reuse or
recycle them it's common for some seeds
to give rise to more than one
seedling if this occurs take sterile
scissors and cut the seedlings leaving
one to
grow it's been 5 and 1/2 weeks and the
beets have grown significantly from the
day the seeds germinate to the time of
harvest is about 50 to 70 days depending
on the variety if you wait any long
longer to harvest they will become tough
and Woody there you go guys that's how
you grow your very own beads from seed
[Music]