[Music]
hey guys this is summer rain and it's
time for plant one on me I have some
questions today both that came in
through YouTube and also Instagram this
one is through is by christina de la
mora christina by the way thanks for all
your comments I know that you're one of
the top commenters so I appreciate that
and this is a good question by the way
christina is there a benefit to the
plants if you water them at a specific
time of the day for instance warning
afternoon or night or can it be any time
of day so I prefer to water my plants in
the early morning hour so as soon as I
get up on Sunday which is like my main
plant day I mean I water throughout the
week but on Sunday that's like kind of
when it's between me and my plants and
as soon as the early morning hits I am
watering my plants and the reason for
that is a number of different number of
different reasons firstly as it starts
to increase in the day especially in the
summer months it starts to get really
hot and you could if you accidentally
put like water on certain leaves plant
leaves you can actually burn the leaves
and it's not necessarily very healthy
for the plant and keep in mind that most
plants unless it's maybe a succulent or
calf dying
the stomata which is usually on the
underside of leaves sometimes on the top
of the leaves start to open again and
the plant will start to breathe in
carbon dioxide and actually put out
oxygen and this is a you know in a way
it's kind of way to breathe so when
we're putting water in the morning the
plant has all day to kind of soak up
that water and the issue is if you kind
of put it at night that's when the plant
is starting to rest it starts to get a
lot cooler you don't have the
on the soil any longer and it could
actually stay very moist in the soil and
that could be a detriment to the roots
in particular it's not you know be-all
end-all it's like if you're watering
your plants at night and that's the only
time that you could water them it's
better to water them and not water them
at all but just make sure that you don't
over water your plants because that is
the number one cause I think of plant
killing in the home is actually over
watering your plants as opposed even
under watering your plants although I
haven't seen any kind of scientific
literature out there it's just one of
the things that I think we get so happy
to actually water our plants that we can
actually surround them so stick to the
morning hours afternoon to get too hot
particularly in summer and also in at
night that's when the plant is kind of
resting and you you'll just have water
sitting in the soil or in the basin and
you'd rather have that water be
transpire from the plant during the day
or evaporate out of the soil if it's
open so you don't have it in wet soil so
hopefully if it answers your questions
Christina okay and the second question
for this episode is from Oh dress I
forgot to put your name so sorry about
that
I usually like to call people out and
sometimes I just really forget to put
people's names when I transcribed them
and I transcribed them because I get
questions from like all over the place
so I'm sorry about that but it's a
really good question how do you keep
your moranto looking good the color of
my leaves is more pale or paler than
they should be and don't seem to be
growing passionately I don't
specifically know what's wrong with your
moranto but for those two of you who
don't know what am Rana is it's a prayer
plant so it's like one of those really
beautiful plants that have like gorgeous
marking sometimes it's striations and
they look like they're painted and the
bleeds
kind of come down during the day and at
night they they fold up report
repeatedly because they want to hold
fast to the water and this is a plant
that truly doesn't like bright light so
if you have a space in your house that
has a little bit more indirect light
it's away from the wind slightly away
from the window
Omarosa will survive swimmingly well and
amarosa
as far as like the genus within a larger
you know prayer plant family I find the
murasa is the easiest to take care of
them and you have collisions you have
two non thieves you have Phaleas you
have a host of others and I find the
marathas to be the easy easiest so to
answer your question I if it's starting
to look like the release is bleaching on
gathering that it's probably too close
to the light so what I would do is start
to remove it away from that light you
know there could be some other issues
where you might be under watering your
plant but typically when it starts to
bleach or starts to turn a little yellow
or crispy around the edges it's probably
it probably means that you're not giving
enough light and maybe not even enough
humidity so I would try to put it in
less well lit conditions and start to
spray it or miss it like if you just
have a little mister and you could just
start to spray the leaves maybe put it
in your bathroom if there's not a
tremendous amount of light in your
bathroom and if you're taking hot
showers that kind of atmosphere will
probably perk up the plant a lot more
but if your martha's not looking good
right now which is like primetime
growing season then I would try to make
those tweaks because right now like I'll
show you some cutaways of my Mehran test
they're looking really good because in
the spring and summer times they pump
out a lot of new leaves and they lose a
lot of their old leaves and old leaves
will turn yellow and then just a little
Vaness and then you could eventually
when they're yellow enough and crisp
enough you could just slice them off but
I pretty much like let my leaves and
necks until they're almost ready to to
fall right off on themselves so I do
hope that answers your question I don't
know if your exact situation as you
didn't clarify anymore but I found that
my my moranto and my other prayer plants
will fold up their leaves they could
look a little bleached if it's too close
to the light and I'll just pull it you
know foot or two away from from the
window hope that helps and if you have
it yet please subscribe to the channel
and you can follow along on homestead
Brooklyn and also tune in to the blog at
homestead Brooklyn com
there's a lot more things that I talk
about in depth I have a lot more
interviews on the blog as well and you
can even sign up for the newsletter it's
a quarterly newsletter I don't send it
out too often but it has some really
cool things that are happening like
workshops that I'm giving in my my hood
I'm also doing garden tours and just a
way for for you to experience a little
bit more plants in your life and also
more plants and in the community that I
live in so tune in more and thanks again
for all of your questions bye