flambe is a procedure in which alcohol
mostly spirit is added to a hot pan to
create a burst of flame it's very
theatrical there are a range of flambe
dishes and these are often served at the
garrard on in the restaurant in this
case gas is being used but whatever the
fuel always check that it's in good
working order
for this type of trolley you would not
use a cloth normally the flambe trolley
would be set up with all the equipment
needed in advance to save time and to
speed up the service but check that all
equipment is spotlessly clean polished
and well presented and be sure that the
trolley or the service table is wiped
down between each use place all the
materials you need on the side always
push don't pull the trolley to the
serving station in front of your guests
in this case we're preparing crepes
Suzette thoroughly preheat the pan and
then add the ingredients for the crab
only a small amount of spirit is needed
to produce a brilliant flame and for
safety keep the trolley away from
curtains and hangings and place the
flammable spirit away from the heat
source always know where the flame
dampener is just in case there is a big
fire risk
you must warm the plates in order to
serve a flambe use a dish warmer and one
that's warmer than usual since the
serving technique is meant to be
attractive you will use different
equipment to that but you would use in
the kitchen flambe is an impressive
display and the aroma of the alcohol in
the flames certainly creates a unique
restaurant atmosphere arrange
attractively onto the serving plate and
present to the customer