hey guys it's jwes welcome back to my
channel I am here today with another
video about a common household product
which has many exceptional uses now you
know I love making videos like this I've
already made one on fixed paper rub I
made one on witch hazel I made one on
Vaseline I'm a big big fan of finding
new uses for products that people might
already have lying around their home I
think it's a great way to save money and
economize often times these can be used
as a natural alternative to products
that have more chemicals I also just
think it's really fun to find new ways
to use old things so let's get started
today we are going to be taking a look
at original blue Dawn soap Don is known
for saving Wildlife during disasters and
emergencies and oil spills this is an
incredible product that can be used for
so many more things than just washing
dishes and I'm going to teach you what
they are now let me just specify this
video is specifically what you can do
with original blue Dawn soap who is not
paying me for this by the way I just
really like this product in this
interesting but I do not want you guys
to go out and buy the pink Dawn lavender
scented with gain and FIS and all that
stuff now just the original blue Dawn
okay okay that's my little
disclaimer the first alternative way
that you can use original Dawn soap is
to remove excess hair product buildup or
Oils from your hair now you might be
thinking really I'm going to put dish
soap in my hair yes Don is known for its
ability to remove oil from a multitude
of surfaces one of them is your hair how
awesome is is that so once a month sub
out your shampoo with Dawn soap you'll
see it removes all the excess hairspray
and leave-in conditioner and all those
things that kind of build up in our hair
it also removes excess hair color so if
you've gone a little crazy on a color
job and you need to lighten it up a
little bit immediately wash your hair
with some Dawn soap also if you or one
of your kids happens to get gum or wax
or anything oily in your hair that's
really hard to get out put some Dawn in
there and watch how quickly it comes out
the next thing you can do with Don is
unclog your toilet so don't worry about
spending all that money on Drano take a
cup of your da soap pour it in your
toilet wait 15 minutes then pour a
bucket of hot water from waist Hep into
the toilet and you will see how quickly
your toilet
unclogs so as I mentioned Don is great
at removing oil from hair and this also
applies to the skin if you're a person
who's naturally oily skin all the time
or maybe it's just that time of the
month or maybe you're going through some
kind of hormonal changes and your Skin's
a little bit oily and breaking out just
use one to two drops of Don with some
warm water in place of your cleanser and
your oil problems should clear up really
quickly just a few drops of dawn in a
spray bottle makes an amazing
multi-purpose cleaner which is good for
glass lolium tile bathrooms grout you
name it literally just Dawn and water
put it in a spray bottle Shake It Up
multi-purpose cleaner just saved you
five
bucks da also makes for a great pre
manicure soak soak your nails in some
warm water with one or two drops of dawn
for just a few minutes and you will see
how much softer your cuticles become
it'll also help the Polish adhere better
to your nails because it removes all of
those excess oils from your nail
bed so if you have a green thumb or a
garden or plants or herbs you may know
how frustrating it is when one of those
plants gets an infestation of harmless
but still annoying pests like aphids or
little fruit flies so just the same way
you made your multi-purpose cleaner with
one drop Dawn in a spray bottle of water
you can spray the same solution onto
your plants and it's a safe
chemical-free alternative to all of
those harmful insect removers that you
can buy at the store that you really
don't want to be spraying on something
that you're going to eat or be living
right next
to if you have poison ivy which knock on
wood I haven't had since I was a little
child you can actually rub the affected
areas with da and it will instantly help
the inflammation go down and it will
also Aid in relieving the
discomfort this is something I've done a
bunch for my own dogs even Bo who has
really really sensitive woo lost my top
sorry even B who has really sensitive
skin I just use Dawn soap in place of
their puppy shampoo if I run out or if
I'm lazy or whatever the reason is but
it doesn't matter because honestly it's
super super good for them it doesn't
harm them or irritate them at all and it
leaves their skin really nice and smooth
and it leaves them really
clean so if you have a pool you know how
annoying it can be to clean it takes a
lot of Maintenance might take a pool guy
or girl but if you have Dawn soap you
can make your life a whole lot easier
just squirt some Dawn into the middle of
your pool give it a few minutes and when
you come back you'll see that all of the
debris all of the sunscreens and lotions
and everything have magically risen to
the top and separated to the sides of
the pool so you can just go around with
your little skimmer and remove it from
the
edges so if you get any kind of oilbased
stain on your laundry like lipstick or
grease or gum even certain inks just
pre-treat it with Dawn instead of shout
or oxylean or whatever else you have and
then wash it normally and the stain will
come right
out this is another one I do all the
time it has literally been 2 years since
I have bought makeup brush cleaner
because Dawn soap is truly the best
thing ever at cleaning your makeup
brushes your makeup sponges your beauty
blenders it works so quickly it removes
all of the dirt and oil you can even use
it to clean and preserve the sponges
that you use in your sink for your
dishes this is a nice little emergency
life hack if you suspect that you have a
hole or a puncture in the tire of your
car mix a little Dawn and water and
brush it onto the tire anywhere that you
have a hole will form a
bubble if you do not want your glasses
to fog up you can simply rub some Dawn
soap onto the lens of your glasses and
wipe it off you don't need water just
rub on the Dawn and wipe it off and the
film that it leaves behind is completely
transparent so it won't Cloud your
vision but it will prevent any other
dirt or oil from sticking to your
glasses so you can see clearly and your
lenses won't fog
up if you are dealing with squeaky doors
or hinges you do not need to go out and
buy WD40 anymore just rub some Dawn
wherever it squeaks and your doors will
be quiet as a church
MK my dogs for some reason like to eat
the weeds in our grass so I really do
not want to spray them with chemicals I
refuse to spray them with chemicals cuz
my dogs are eating them um but I also
don't want to have a bunch of weeds
taking over the yard so original blue
Dawn is one of three ingredients you can
use to make a really natural and
effective weed killer all you need is 1
tblspoon of dawn one cup of salt and 1
gallon of white vinegar shake it all up
spray it onto your weeds and watch them
go
away the last thing on my list is a
really cool one which I love to do
myself Dawn soap makes the most amazing
ice packs seriously here is mine I
brought it out for you all you do is squ
some Dawn soap into a plastic bag and
put it in the freezer you don't have to
spend any money getting them at the
pharmacy it even looks like the ones
that you buy and it's nice because it's
so malleable that you can really bend it
and put it on wherever you like I hope
you guys found this list of amazing
things you can do with Dawn soap helpful
if you haven't already done so go down
there and subscribe to my channel Julie
cakes and make a new video every
Saturday a new Vlog every Wednesday I
would also love to know in the comments
below what you found to be the most
interesting interesting uses for Dawn
soap and also especially if you have
other uses that I didn't list in this
video please let us know so we can try
those out too I will see you next time
thank you so much for watching bye