well hi everybody Andrea here um I hope
you guys are having a good day today
it's Wednesday night for me right now
and I'm recording this and I'll have it
uploaded to you on Thursday morning um
my feet are killing me right now cuz
today was my monthly shopping trip and I
shopped for many many hours and I am
really tired but I thought today instead
of doing just a normal chat video I'm
going to um show you guys how I make my
charts Chrissy was wondering
specifically about how I set up our
chores right now and like I said I'm
always changing things and doing
something different but I will show you
what we're doing at this particular
point in time and then just so Trish was
wondering exactly how I make a chart so
I'm going to try something new today
which is I'm going to try to do like a
video screen capture thing and show you
on my computer how to do the charts so
um I haven't done this before other than
just messing around with it to try it
out a little bit so I think the audio is
going to pick up all right I don't know
we'll have to see how it goes and
hopefully you can see but um we'll go
ahead and give it a try and see how it
goes so here we
go okay so I make a lot of my charts
with Microsoft Word sometimes I use my
printshop program but um generally I
just use word so I go and I start a new
blank
document
and this I'm going to make today a full
size page chart but you can change the
size of it by going to uh page layout
and then size and here you can pick to
do I sometimes I like to do the
5x8 where is that
at here's 4X 6 5x
7 oh here here's a 5x8 that's the size I
use for making the goal charts for the
kids uh let's see if I switch
orientations here you can see this is
um let's make it a little smaller this
is the kind of a um page I would use to
make those smaller go charts but for
today we're going to stick with the
regular um
page now I got to figure out how to put
it
back all right and I'm going to put it
back on Port portrait um I always like
to use this narrower margins just cuz I
can get more on a page so I go right
here to the margins and click narrow you
can make custom margins by clicking the
custom button and then changing the size
there but I just usually use just the
narrow ones so then I'm going to go back
to the Home
tab and I like to have no spacing on my
words so what that means is when I push
the enter key it doesn't leave a space
between paragraphs it just goes right to
the very next line so I usually choose
no spacing and I'm going to call this
morning
chores so I type that go down to the
next line and then I'm going to insert a
table there's the
dog um you can do a table like this
where you just choose how many uh cells
you want but I us just go insert table
and then I'm going to type in I want to
have a column for every day of the week
and one for writing down the chore so
that means I need eight columns and I'm
not really sure how many rows I'm going
to need so I'm just going to put in 25
and you can delete rows or add extra if
you need to once you get
started so here's my um table and I'm
going to make these cells here only half
inch wide
so I'm going to go to table properties
excuse the dog back there he's making
grunty noises and going to put in half
an inch for
those and you'll see that made it a lot
smaller here and then for where I'm
actually going to write the chore I
think I can go up to like 4 and a qu
probably yeah maybe yeah it looks all
right and then click okay so now I have
one wide column for writing the chore
out and then these will be where we mark
down um where the kids initial is so
here I'm going to write chores or chore
I'll do Sunday
Monday oops
Tuesday Wednesday Thursday keep doing
that Friday and
Saturday and I want to make it look
funner so I'm going to change my font
here I'm going to go back to the Home
tab
and I've been liking this font lately so
I'm going to choose that
one going to make it a little
bigger I also change this font here and
Center
it okay so that's the basic way to set
the page up then from here you can start
typing in whatever chores you want to
do so I'm not going to do more than that
but I'll give you those for examples now
if you were doing a kind of a chart
where you wanted to alphabetize um this
is where you would you would select all
of this
and you push this little button here and
that'll let you
choose
uh it'll let you sort um by column so
I'm going to put chore and then um it
doesn't matter on those because I don't
have anything written in the
others put them all the bottom because
these are blank ones I could have only
highlighted these for and it would have
done the same thing but you can see it
put them in alphabetical
order for me um that's not how I would
do it normally how I do it is for a
chore list is I put them in the order
that I want them to be done so I think
through what needs to be done before
other things need to be done so for
instance loading the dishwasher comes
after emptying the dishwasher cuz we got
to put away the dishes that are already
clean before we reload the dishwasher so
you know I think about what order they
should go in and then I type them in
that
way um something that only needs done
maybe a few times a week or once a week
like let's see what's something here um
oh taking out the downstairs trash we
have
a trash can downstairs in our
library and that only needs to be done
once a week so I'll show you what I do
to show that so let's say I want that to
be done on Wednesday so I take these
cells here and I choose to fill them
with this little Paint Bucket color
there's lots of colors to pick from you
choose one and I color those in and then
I color those in so that when the kids
are actually doing the chores then
they'll see that it only needs to be
done on this day and these ones are
blacked out so they don't need to do
that chore that day so then if you want
to fancy it up a little bit you can I'll
highlight this top row and go to design
right
here and it's already selected to be 2
and a/4 point line and I click borders
and you can see here if I just want the
cells that I've highlighted if I just
want the bottom line to
be uh thicker then I would click this
one or you know top left right I want
all four of the edges to be thicker so
I'm going to click the outside borders
button and that makes a nice
um outline around the whole thing and
then I actually want to do this whole
section down here so I'm going to click
that again and click that and then it
makes it kind of look a little bit
fancier so this is what we've been doing
right now for chores and we have a big
long list I'll show it to you when I'm
all done with the video but um we have a
a whole list of things and then every
day I just have the kids initial as they
do them so whatever comes up next in the
list if it's something that they're able
to do then they would put their initial
here and then the next kid to come along
would do the next job initial unless
they're not able to then they would skip
to something like the little guys or
something they can't do so they'll skip
down and sometimes I need help reading
Eden's the only one that is um young
that does this she's six so sometimes
she feels like she is confused about
which um chore she should do so she'll
ask for somebody to help her read the
list but that's what we're doing right
now at the bottom of our page I have a
second um table so I'll insert another
table and it has three
columns and five
[Music]
rows we do we call them
zones and each one of the bigger kids
has a zone that is their job just to do
tidying up so anytime that's one of
their chores in the morning is to check
their Zone we call it and then anytime
that stuff needs tidied up I'll tell
them to go check your zones
and then they just go to that room and
they'll just pick up anything that's out
whether or not it was their stuff they
just clean up whatever needs cleaned up
in those rooms so we have that on our
list so that
um we can remember whose zone is
currently who who currently has each
Zone and they do switch from time to
time so that somebody doesn't get stuck
with the same rooms all the
time
so I'm not going to do the whole thing
but you get the idea and then you can
also just make the fonts look
nicer like we did the other
ones and then I'll go ahead and put a
nice border around this one again go to
the design and click around the
borders and and if you want to have your
words centered completely not just
centered um left to right but actually
top to bottom also then you can
highlight your cells and then um right
click and then choose cell alignment and
you pick the box that has it like you
want it so do that and that moves all
those words to be right in the middle of
each cell so there's another little way
to make it look a little more
professional um I
think that's everything I can think of
to show you that's pretty basic and it
doesn't take very long I usually have a
list um or I add to my list I should say
as I go on so I like to leave some blank
lines at the bottom because especially
when we're first starting something new
I always forget something so I'll leave
it blank and then I'll just handw write
it in and then the next time I go to
print one out I will go ahead and type
it up and add it in there where it needs
to be so so there you go and um
let me get my other one that's already
done and show it to you okay so here's
the one we've actually been using um you
can see that this one is all used up
from this
week I'll show you down the side here
kind of what chores it is that we do
snowballs are Bunny and Knuckles is the
dog and things like this like filling
the oatmeal basket and the dog food
bucket and the flour and sugar buckets
up stairs that just gets done once a
week and I try to split up those extra
jobs so they're not all on the same day
um just so that we don't have like an
extra long day anytime and then things
like these um trash taking out the
downstairs trash and the one from my
office we put that on Wednesday because
Thursday is our trash day when the trash
man comes so I just like to do that the
day
before anyway so those are some of the
things that I try tock pay attention to
when I'm making out my
lists um one of the things I've been
liking about doing it this way which of
course I'm sure this will change here in
another few months I'll probably come up
with some different plan but for right
now I've been liking this because uh
with everybody initialing what they do
it helps me know who didn't do something
very well so if the job needs redone I
know who to go back to and have them
come do it
over
so I hope that was helpful to you if you
guys like having those kinds of videos
it was not hard to do the little screen
capture thing if there's something else
you want to see how to do um let me know
in the comments and uh go ahead and like
the video if you liked it and if you are
new I would love it if you would
subscribe and we will oh let's see I'll
be putting out
tomorrow will be our field trip that we
took to see the new baby calf so we'll
be doing one of those videos tomorrow
and then I will not see you guys again
until next Monday morning there will be
a new video out so um we will see you
again soon have a great day bye