hello from the garden shop in this video
we're going to show you how to install
your rubber edging so you can see it
behind me here where we have already
laid our first section of edging now
we'll just show you how to continue the
process with laying each section so just
uh two things you will require you'll
probably need a power drill and a rubber
mallet or Hammer so the first thing to
do is then to take your uh your post
edging and then place it h right
underneath your edging like so so that
it lines up roughly with the top of the
uh rubber edging and it slots here into
the grooves as as it is here okay they
Willl that on the ground with the screw
provided simply just drill in the screw
into the uh
post and that's simply it we've already
done on the far end so now I'm just
going to position the edging in in place
here and then hammer it in with the
Mallet so it's a 2 m length so you're
getting a good coverage with each uh um
piece of edging lining it up with the
previous
length okay that's it there and now I
can to Simply Hammer this down into
place so you can use a rubber mallet or
a hammer to just make sure
it's hooked in with the previous length
[Applause]
okay and then you simply just want to
straighten that up once we get the other
side straight then you'll have a perfect
fit between the two edgings okay so
that's simply it h few more Taps
there and there you have it that's a
simple process of how to position your
Chrome rubber edging from the gardens
shop.