[Music]
welcome to this nespresso assistance
video on descaling your lattissima blood
in order to obtain a perfect cup of
coffee time after time we recommend that
you descale your lattissima plus machine
when the cappuccino button shows a
steady orange light the Nespresso Club
offers you a descaling kit that is
specially designed for your Nespresso
machine you will see how simple it is to
descale your machine turn on your
machine before starting remember to
remove any capsules
[Music]
and see the capsule container the drip
tray
[Music]
and the water tank
[Music]
fill the water tank with approximately
500 milliliters of water and the
Nespresso descaling solution open the
entrance panel and attach the hot water
nozzle the cappuccino button will flash
in orange to indicate that the descaling
mode is active put a container holding
up to one liter under the coffee outlet
and the steam nozzle press on the
cappuccino button to start the descaling
solution will flow through alternate ly
from the coffee outlet and the hot water
nozzle wait till only the cappuccino
button is flashing
[Music]
empty the drip tray and thoroughly rinse
the water tank
[Music]
refill it with fresh water to the
maximum level put the container in place
again press the cappuccino button the
cappuccino and macchiato buttons will
flash alternately the water flows from
the hot water nozzle and then the coffee
outfit when the cycle is finished the
machine will stop
[Music]
detach and put away the descaling nozzle
[Music]
empty the drip tray
[Music]
wipe down the machine with a damp cloth
the descaling is finished your lactis
laplace machine is ready you can now
continue to enjoy our range of grand cru
specifically designed to optimize the
extraction quality of your machine and
guarantee the ultimate Nespresso coffee
quality Cup after cup
[Music]