okay I'm going to show you here how to
cite either a moment or a quote from a
film in updated MLA format eighth
edition here I'm quoting a scene and
I've clearly identified the film that
I'm using as well as the character who's
talking and so what I need in the
parenthesis here is the hour minute and
second timestamp of when this quote was
said in the film so I'm watching the
film here I'm Amazon Prime and here's
the moment where she says the line and I
just look over here and I can see at
which hour minute and second that is
happening in the case where you might
have a situation where it's not clear in
the paragraph what film you're talking
about or maybe you're talking about a
whole bunch of different television
episodes or something like that and it's
not you know entirely clear to the
reader exactly where that's coming from
you will need to include some additional
information here in the parenthesis you
would use whatever comes first on your
works cited page which in the case of
the film is oftentimes going to be the
director or in the case of a television
program will be the title of the episode
but if we make it clear in the paragraph
where this is coming from then we just
need the hour minute second stamp