grilling dot-com and today we're firing
up the grill for kabobs kabobs basically
means food on a stick you can eat
anything on a stick but today we're
doing shrimp kabobs I've got some you 21
to 25 shrimp which basically just means
you're getting approximately 21 to 25
shrimp per pound we're layering that on
the skewer with some red bell pepper a
little bit of a sweet chunks of
pineapple and some white onion you're
simply going to create skewers of those
flavor ingredients a little bit of
everything so your guests can enjoy the
true roundness of this dish now you
could use pretty much any ingredients on
a kebab I chose these particular
ingredients because they reminded me of
the sweet and sour chicken and the sweet
and sour shrimp that that we love to
order from our favorite Chinese
restaurant once you get the kabobs
together you're going to seize them
season them liberally on both sides with
some salt and pepper and then put them
on a grill at about 400 degrees 4 to 5
minutes per side it'll pick up some nice
color on there the shrimp will turn from
white to a light pink and you'll get the
richness in the depth that you can
really only get from cooking outdoors on
your grill
season them generously on both sides
with some salt and freshly ground black
pepper and more salt on that side pepper
I can never get enough pepper just a
little bit more and we'll get that on
the grill
this grill is about 400 degrees and
again the nice thing about kabobs is
it's one single tool single serving for
each person but it's also easy to manage
on the grill you're not chasing the
ingredients around the onions aren't
falling into the grates very very simple
and it's as easy as that those are going
to cook for about 3 to 5 minutes per
size it will actually close this up and
let them cook and you can see they're
picking up some some color from the
grill they're looking perfect these are
going to be delicious
so the kabobs are looking good they're
smelling good we've got a plate that I
put together with just a little bit of
jasmine rice in the center it's going to
accentuate those those flavors of the
pineapple and the sweet red bell pepper
in the onion
and it there drizzle a little bit of
sweet chili dipping sauce over the top
those look amazing and we'll finish it
off with a squeeze of fresh lime juice
and it's as easy as that doesn't get any
simpler than kabobs straight off the
grill ready to serve any day of the week
thanks for joining us
you