how to install the edge right metal
edging system here is what you will need
for easy installation a wooden block a
hammer gloves kneepads safety glasses
while not required an edger can be used
to quickly define a path making the
material easier to install
especially on slight curves the trench
also allows the edging to stand up
before you start hammering into the
ground position a piece of edge right in
the desired location
place the block on the spine begin to
tap in with a hammer it's best to hit in
the middle to avoid see-sawing use
repetitive strikes in alternating
positions until metal is that desired
depth place the clamp over the seam and
tap into place
tight turns can be made by applying
pressure along the edging it tends to
bend easier on the valley of the teeth
sharp bends can be accomplished by
placing a block over the desired Bend
point and flexing material can be
overlapped at the end of your
installation area the clamp kit when
installed will pull the pieces together
for a seamless run
additional tips be mindful of possible
obstructions under the soil in harder
soils wetting the area before starting
installation may help hit the wooden
block with the grain perpendicular to
the spine edge right is quick and easy
to install the extra depth helps keep
weeds out of your flowerbeds
and the core 10 steel construction means
it lasts a lifetime edge right edging
engineered
[Music]