hi I'm chef Susie with learn to cook
calm and today I'm going to be making an
ice cream cake I made some vanilla ice
cream earlier I spun it in my ice cream
machine I have it here it's a little bit
soft it's right out of the machine and
that's how you want it for your ice
cream cake so you can pack it in easily
I made some chocolate cake earlier and I
cut my layers about a third of an inch
thick and I'm just putting these in my
cake pan I've lined it with some paper
so it won't stick and I'm just going to
be putting a layer of vanilla ice cream
I'm gonna spread it around evenly and
then I'll be putting a second layer
yeah I'm gonna be putting another layer
of cake on top and these deep cake pans
are just perfect for this because you
can get the height of the cake while
you're holding your ice cream on the
inside so I'm just gonna put a second
layer of ice cream I'm just spreading it
around
[Music]
and then I'm just gonna top it with
another layer of cake and I'm gonna be
freezing this for about three hours or
until it's all set and then we're going
to take it out of the pan and decorate
it so it'll be a nice ice cream cake
now that our ice cream cake has had a
chance to set up in the freezer I put it
in there for about three hours until it
feels pretty firm in the center and on
the sides and it's also good to freeze
it overnight too if you have time so
we're going to go ahead and unmold our
ice cream cake I have this in a metal
pan you can easily stick it in a pan of
water or you could use a small kitchen
torch to warm up the sides so you can
get it out came neatly out of the pan
now I just like to invert mine back up
to the right side and then we're just
going to ice this with some simple
buttercream icing that I made earlier
and it kind of clean up the edges a
little bit
we're just going to smooth the
buttercream over the top of the cake and
then on the sides to
Angi Julis want your icing to cover the
sides of the cake it doesn't have to be
very smooth because we're going to be
putting some sprinkles on the outside
very easy to do finishes quickly and
easily so I have a pan a cookie sheet
that I put some sprinkles in earlier you
can just use a confetti color whatever
you like if you put the cake just chill
now a little bit of an angle and just
take the sprinkles off the side with
your hand make sure that you get a good
handful so you don't brush the cake and
then you have a nice smooth sprinkle a
side to your cake turn it around a
little bit so you can see this is why
you don't have to worry about being too
fussy with your buttercream as long as
it's covered and the sprinkles have
something to stick to
you don't really want any bald spots but
you definitely want it covered but don't
worry about having it too smooth or
perfect so this is our ice cream cake
covered with sprinkles and then you can
just take a piping bag and do a little
bit of buttercream piping decoration on
the top too and just kind of go around
however you like I'm just doing a little
bit of kind of an emotion with a little
bit of a border just to dress it up
you know our ice cream cake is almost
done we'll put a little bit of
buttercream in the center to top it off
and maybe some of these sprinkles just
sprinkled on top of the cake and that
was pretty easy to do
pretty simple you can do this for your
friends and family it's really beautiful
if you like cake decorating you can
decorate it like a birthday cake too or
just something fun like this with the
sprinkles
everyone loves sprinkles are always a
crowd-pleaser they look fun and they're
great to eat so thanks for joining me
today at learn to cook calm and we'll
see you next time
bye well thanks for joining us today and
learn to cook calm be sure to comment
and to subscribe also visit us on
Facebook and Twitter have a great day
[Music]