welcome to Chava's kitchen you would
know what I am making today spring is
coming up summers are coming up so I
want to give a treat to you know kids
and even to myself even I because I love
kulfy so what we are going to make today
is kfy so you can make any sort of kulfy
pistache kulfy mango kulfy so if you
guys really miss India the street you
know uh in the afternoon when you we
used to sleep in the afternoons we used
to get a like Bell from outside dinging
saying kulfi Wala so let's make kulfi at
home you know thinking about the kulfi
Wala and thinking about your you know
childhood so let's see what ingredients
we need for the kulfi so you will see
lot of ingredients but it's not lot of
it it depends on you I can give you you
know uh alternate so of course we need
sweet and condensed milk so around 1 cup
of sweet and condensed milk uh half cup
of whipping cream so I'm using this
heavy whipping cream half cup of this so
this is like main ingredient condensed
milk whipping cream some evaporated milk
so around half cup of evaporated milk
I'll be using with half cup of normal
milk so full fat milk I have I'm using
this if you don't have uh evaporated
milk just skip this process and add like
one cup of normal milk uh with some you
know cashews and some you know uh
almonds so I have just just you know
microwaved almonds for uh 2 minutes and
you can you know peel off the skin very
easily with some cardamom of course
cardamom adds a lot of flavor I remember
when I used to eat that kulfy I used to
get this shell of this cardamom in my
mouth and it's really amazing that's the
reason I'll be using these shells along
with some cardamom powder along with
some saffron strands over here which I
have already soaked in the milk and of
course yes this popsicles
and if you don't have popsicles no
problem go for any Bowl you know which
you can freeze just what we have to do
is you know put a aluminium foil on it
I'll show you how to do that so let's
get started so here goes a condensed
milk 1 cup of condensed milk half cup
whipping
cream half cup evaporated milk it's your
choice if you don't have it skip it I
give it many of times along with goes
half cup of normal milk full fat milk
just mix everything together
first here goes cardamom powder you can
make cardum powder at home so here goes
shells of
cardamom it's not black cardamum of
course you can see it's green cardamom
and nuts of your choice I'm using
cashews and almonds
here goes everything together just mix
everything
well here goes the
saffron saffron it's really very good
for health and it really adds a nice
flavor Aroma of saffron is really
awesome and you know go you can add it
any kulies any any Indian sweets we get
saffron really adds a good FL so it's
really simple look at this it's really
simple just mix everything together and
you're done so here is my mold so what
I'm going to do is just fill the molds
and put it in the freezer for 4 hours so
I'm just using this cup to pour this in
the
popsicle my kid he really loves it so
don't fill this to the top because it
have a stick which will go till here
and so I I'll fil till the
here so just cover
this and don't fill till top because it
expands my really small kid he don't eat
uh drink much of uh milk so this is the
way you can you know give them
milk I'm sorry for that so here it goes
here and
left I'll just put this in a cup over
here small cup I have so cover this with
the aluminium foil it's really very
important to
cover otherwise you'll get that uh you
know smell of the freezer over here and
just TI with the rubber band if you have
any here my popsicles are ready along
with the balls over here I have so it's
going in the freezer for 4 to 6 hours
then we'll check back after 4 to 6 hours
schol Fe is ready in 6 hours look at
this try out the way I told you really
yummy uh leave me comments leave me
suggestions and let me know how you like
it subscribe on our channel to no more
videos you already have one Ricky is it
Yum Yum Yum Yum you already have one
look at this he just want to have both
of these in both hands thank you so much
for watching don't forget to hit the
like button and subscribe on our channel
to no more videos