hello my Wasabi's this is Jerry from
cultural savvy in today's video I will
share with you how to make your own at
home lights on a homemade lights off
with your favorite doll aroma oils so
here are the lights that we will be
using bedroom and ambition but it has a
purpose why we are using this so if this
is something that you would want to
learn about please keep watching okay so
in today's DIY video here are the things
that you will need first you will have
to have your amber glass frame bottle
nuts you will have to have your metal
funnel since we are using essential oils
don't use anything that's plastic so the
only things that we can use for today is
anything that's glass or anything that's
metal
thanks you will have to have a cup of
water some white vinegar and your
favorite cell aroma essential oil so for
today we are using lavender because this
is antiviral sweet orange because this
prohibits bacterial growth
b3 because this is antibacterial and
rosemary because this antifungal so
putting this together is very easy
supported that you get a number glass
bottle if you're planning to put
anything citrus like lemon or pre food
you should use a number glass bottle if
you're looking for where to buy this
I'll link it down below
very even get it so put in your funnel
and put in your one cup water
[Music]
and then put your one cup distilled
white vinegar
[Music]
why are we using vinegar I said women
are kills
[Music]
so we are actually doing a multipurpose
DIY cleaner
[Music]
we can add the vegetable addition you
can add our essential oil so the recipe
is you can drop sweet orange I said this
prohibits material crew so since we are
putting in a citrus oil which is sweet
orange it's really recommended that you
use an amber glass pot next we put in
five drops of seller Roman lavender oil
one lavender is antiviral that's why
we're putting it in here
next is rosemary rosemary in the Mantis
fungal so 15 drops of this
[Music]
and then team drops of you are an easy
oil
the minimum antibacterial diesel after
putting everything in your Everlast
buckle
this is after the a 480 ml about 500 ml
of content shake it a bit shake it
really well
[Music]
then it's ready to use you can put on
some level but the game of Aloha and
this is your moment I saw what's great
about this is that you can use this to
clean your child's toy it's very safe
it's very kid-friendly from the oils are
actually a dog see but it's not unique
at sea because a mare imported from
citrus oils cats don't really - violet
citrus so I will have to double-check a
t3e rosemary cue is stock safe but I
think they are I will just confirm it
down below through the description box -
I'm very quick very easy there's no
toxic chemicals in here it's very safe
for your household and the good thing
about the central oils is that you can
start learning all these simple recipes
and start purging all those household
items that you keep in your house number
job toxic chemical even
with this one you can actually throw
over your life's all it serves as a
multi-purpose cleaner you can use this a
cleaner table you can use this to clean
your kids toys or you know your
microwave tops or whatever if you want a
degreaser just put in like a small cap
of your favorite dishwashing liquid so
if I did it alone
a small cup of your dishwashing liquid
and then just put it in here and shake
it together good reason to shop but
before I end this video I just want to
remind you to don't forget to register
on my workshop this march 18 is going to
be at red broth and beyond and cherish
all meant to do I will put the poster
here and lettuce turn through the link
below there are only a few slots left
for you to get the free argan oil that's
worth one thousand two hundred ninety
nine so if you register for five hundred
fifty pounds you actually get a 1299
bottle of pure Moroccan argan oil so
it's very su'ilat now don't forget to
invite your friends and I hope to see
you guys there and there guys I guess
that's all for today I hope you've
enjoyed this video I hope you've enjoyed
doing your own DIY theater if you have
any other suggestions for DIY repress
don't forget to put it down through the
comments or hit me up through Twitter or
Instagram and I'd love to see your
suggestions and if you've enjoyed this
video don't forget to hit thumbs up and
subscribe to my channel and don't forget
to share this on your Facebook wall so
that your friends will know how to make
it too and I'll see you minutes long
[Music]