everybody this is North can pepper um my
wife just got a little paper cut and um
I said you know put some pepper on it
because pepper stops bleeding or
moderate moderate to mild bleeding not
not anything severe but mild and she's
like you should do a video on that I
said all right come over here and of
course she doesn't want to play come
here no
okay she won't she's not a team player
but you can put on you can put a black
pepper on a wound she had a little paper
cut but you can put black paper on it a
generous amount and then press it in
there and IID say at then 30 seconds the
wound will stop bleeding if it's not
something really severe and then you can
bandage it and do compression and
whatever but that will stop it I don't
know the mechanism of how it works just
that it
does I know you can use Cayenne too but
I've only used the black pepper so far
but um I guess that it provides a
scaffolding for the clotting but I don't
I don't know we'll do some research on
that maybe I'll put in the notes if I
look it up I probably won't though
because I just know it works I don't
even know why but that's your quick tip
for the day is a black pepper um in the
packets or whatever everybody has it in
their kitchen it's a very quick um I
want to say coagulant but it stops
bleeding so if you're cut you can get
black pepper and good to go so there you
go there's your quick tip for the day
everybody rate subscribe have a great
day and you know check out Twitter and
stuff all right check out my Twitter
page I said up it'll be linked here I
guess all right please rate and
subscribe thanks