I wanted to give you a quick tip on how
to keep your welcome only from turning
brown the chemical composition of the
avocado itself leaves then as soon as
it's flesh hits oxygen it begins to turn
brown and there's a myth out there that
if you put the pit in that it will keep
it from turning brown the only place
that won't turn brown is the space
underneath the pit where the oxygen
can't reach so don't do that what you
want to do is take some plastic wrap put
it over and press it down so that no
oxygen can reach it and that will last
for a few hours and there's some acid in
here which will help also but if you see
in the morning if there's a little bit
of brown on top just mix it in it'll all
be green underneath that top layer is
preventing it from getting any oxygen
and there's nothing wrong or unhealthy
with it it's just a chemical reaction
but anyway put it a nice tight cover of
saran thanks for watching
[Music]
[Music]