hi welcome to a video we're about to
make a great garnish out of potato here
I'm going to show you how we make some
kind of a I will say flour okay further
I'm going to need some pupa tato of
course a little bit of oil I'm going to
use for the back of a hotel pan here so
it's nice and flat you're going to use
also some parchment paper and a mandarin
so here are my mandarine okay so first
thing we'll be doing is we're going to
make some very thin slice out of those
potato but I have here actually no the
first thing I'm going to do here I'm
going to trim that put it to a certain
way and that's going to be that duck I'm
going to make a point here on the bottom
it this way and on the other side here
so you see how it is now it's pointed
this way and this I'm going to kind of
just likely round it up
like that Rhonda okay then using my
mother in I'm going to make some very
thin slices this way the first one I'm
not going to use because you're not nice
and I see this is what I have now oops
okay so I make maybe a like 20 slices
here I'm going to put in here I'm going
to take my passion and pepper piece of
it put it this way and then let me lay
straight then I'm going to take some
over here and generously going to are
the parchment paper
I created my oven at 300 degree - when
you need to bake this in the oven and
the oven is preheated at 300 degree okay
like that and then I'm going to take my
potato and I'm going to I'm going to put
one slice here and I'm going to put the
other one overlapping lightly like that
and then another one like that
and I'm going to go all around here
let's see all around like that
the last slide is going to go up this
way under it okay when you are there
after here I need to cut the santero
because the Psalter is too thick it's
not going to cook evenly so I'm going to
kill it off I'm going to use that bottle
wine bottle top here you could use also
that your pastry tip to remove that
another pastry cutter so I'm going to
cut inside here and I'm going to remove
this on tear like that let's see I'm
going to make a different garnish keep
your own shape right here I'm just going
to make a half half of a flower shape
this way okay so when we overlapping
developing I would say you know two
millimeter inside not sure if it makes
sense but I did but I said anyway then
we take more oil are we going to brush
on top here okay this way
and I'm going to put those on top of my
baking pan here and I'm going to color
them with it this way and now here I
need to apply away some weight so when
they bake they stay connected together
and here today I'm going to use that
roasting pan we come right on top price
weight that in my oven 300 degree it
should be back in 30 minutes okay so I
just remove that from the oven here we
are
they are great look at that you get that
beautiful thing here
got Finn this is we will set beautiful
another grade and make it look different
how's the other one doing huh huh and
that's another one how cool is that guys
I hope you enjoy let me know if you did
press the like button if you didn't
subscribe please do so happy okay