[Music]
today on Cravings I'm going to take you
all the way over to the Mediterranean hi
everyone I'm Karen ahed and today I'm
going to show you how to make a taboi
[Music]
salad I have a confession to make this
is the very first time I'm making a
tabuli salad by myself I've watched my
mother make this so many times and every
time I needed a tabuli fix she was right
there to make it for me but now she's
gone back to her hometown in India and I
have to make this all by myself but the
recipe is so easy I'm going to have no
trouble at
all I'm going to start with the bulga
wheat now bul of wheat is steamed dried
and broken up into little pieces but
we're going to need to rehydrate it so
I'm going to take half a cup of bulgar
wheat and I'm going to cover it in
boiling water leave this for half an
hour and after half an hour drain out
all the excess water and simply fluff it
with a fork you can also prepare this
ahead of time and just leave it in your
refrigerator next we're going to work on
the parsley I've got a large bunch of
flat leaf parsley that I've chopped into
three sections with my knife and then
I'm going to work on chopping it really
really fine I'm going to use a mesaluna
or a regular knife KN or you can use a
combination of both but work that
parsley till it's nice and
fine once the parsley is chopped up
really fine I'm going to add it to a
large bowl I'm going to follow that with
eight spring onions that I've chopped
really fine also half a cup of fresh
mint that I've chopped up fine and then
I'm going to add the burgle that's
already been
drained and I'm going to follow that
with two Tomatoes I've got some ripe
Tomatoes I've deeded them and chopped
them into little
pieces it's now time for the flavoring
I've got the juice of half a lemon I'm
going to add some fresh ground pepper as
well as some salt and my secret
ingredient some sumac now sumac is a
dried Berry that you can find in most
Middle Eastern stores in it's powdered
and tastes very
citrusy I'm also going to add some olive
oil quite generously and let's mix this
all up at this point taste the salad and
make sure that the salt pepper and lemon
is up to your liking add more if you
want at this
point and just like that your tabuli
salad is ready to eat so thank you so
much for joining me on cravings and I
hope to see you next time please do sub
subscribe to my videos at youtube.com/
Cravings blog and I will see you soon
take care bye
[Music]