hey out here with damn good reviews so
we've been using the Abba drive which is
a damp in damp out but it uses like the
silicone beads to get the dampness and
humidity out of the air really great
things like closets we tested it in our
bathroom and now we're putting one
actually in our RV because when it fits
it definitely gets you inside and same
thing when the shower could be committed
in there it's a great way to get rid of
it so right now I went ahead this was on
green so it was wet so the beads turned
green when it is wet and it took about a
month or so in the bathroom because we
use a fan in the bathroom of course to
exhaust it out but it was still
collecting it also our house I guess is
really not that humid so that's why it
took so you know such a long amount of
time to really get it but when we put it
in the RV we put the other one in the RV
we can see when we travel stuff that
it's removing a lot of dampness quicker
and of course you don't want any
dampness in an RV because water damage
is evil to things like that so really
great weight and place to put it you can
do it there you can store it in the boat
when it's and storage anywhere that you
don't want to be be damp so again this
comes off if I can do it here with the
one hand so it slides off and this is
the drying unit so you don't have to use
at all the same time and this you can
use it over and over again so it's like
there's silicone beads almost and you
know it collects the water again they
turn green so you know when it's ready
to go and then when you need to dry it
out instead of replacing the whole thing
you just place it right on the ever dry
the air drawing kit plug it in turn it
on now I will say to drive this whole
unit it did take about an hour and a
half to two hours to dry and it sounds
I'll plug it in real quick right here
with the
like just sounds like a a very low
sounding hairdryer this will motor there
nothing crazy but it did take a while I
thought it was going to be quicker to
dry but just let it run and then it
dries out and as soon as this dry did
they turn a yellowish orange horrible
orange color you see the beads and your
sub to go so one of the other things
that we did have there's an attachment
that allows you to hang it up in the
closet just puts on here you can hang it
right out but overall we're really happy
with this we've used like those damp RIT
products where you know they're just
looked as buckets you open up you don't
want animals are the kids to touch them
and they could be a mess this everything
is enclosed you don't worry about
animals get into it and like if they
tear it open or something but also nice
design as well so you can kind of put it
you know out in the open and not have to
worry about it really happy with this it
lasts for a long about time if you need
to replace it at some point when they
stopped working you can do that but I
don't remember often what they liked is
posted here in the video description of
you know when they suggest using a
replacement but overall really really
happy with the performance and it's
definitely taking the moisture and then
as out of the air so this do you have a
dry again damp in dry out right here
highly recommend checking out I know
it's in a lot of the stores you can get
it on Amazon places like that and they
do have a couple different versions of
it as well so there you go I'm Alan from
damn good reviews thanks so much for
watching make sure to LIKE and subscribe
right here on YouTube and we will see
you soon