Sal the main course for my super simple
but spectacular party
lunch I think the best dishes for lunch
parties are the things that everyone can
help themselves to also prefer dishes
that pack a really big flavor punch and
look impressive party food shouldn't be
subtle here are a couple of dishes for
my ultimate lunch
party the secret behind curing salmon is
in the flavoring you're curing it with
for a hint of the Exotic and aromatic my
favorite starting point is the grind
coriander
seeds coriander seeds are citrusy it's
got that nice orangey flavor and it goes
brilliantly well with
salmon mix that with your salt and your
sugar it may look like a lot of salt and
sugar but once they've done their job of
cold cooking or curing the salmon most
of it will be washed away next the
grated zest of two
oranges some fresh
pepper and then mix in one of my
favorite ingredients grated beetroot
beetroot gives a really nice sort of
rooty earthy flavor great for curing it
stains the salmon as well and it just
elevates it now you'll see what's
happening now with the beetroot the salt
and sugar breaking it down see how wet
it's becoming now that beetroot is ready
for the salmon if you got a big party 10
or 20 get a whole SI of salmon fill it
it and get it pinned bone by a
fishmonger if it's six or 10 guests and
this Chunk in the middle is like the
sort of middle part of a fet steak the
best of the best pour on your beetroot
and basically what we're going to do now
is sort of pack it with all the beetroot
look at that I mean it looks
fantastic next cover your beetroot
salmon with clim film take a tray
lightly press and they get something
substantial something heavy a pots or a
pan or some tins
the weight on top just speeds up the
process place your salmon in the fridge
to cure for at least 8 hours or even
better
overnight to follow my deliciously light
and simple salmon a devilishly indulgent
dessert nothing beats a great cake a
sort of a showof trophy for party food
so I'm going to make the most amazing
flowless chocolate cake but with a Twist
first thing first make the caramel
flatten the sugar never stir a caramel
rule number one now keep the pan nice
and flat I'm going to flavor this
caramel with a little bit of mint give
it a little
chop sprinkle that into the
caramel don't get the caramel too dark
just nice and light a little teaspoon of
oil onto the tray and rub that
in and then pour out your caramel if I
was making a caramel sauce then I'd put
butter and cream into the caramel but
but I want this nice minted brittle
running through my cake once the C cools
down on the tray I'm going to make my
cake first melt good quality dark
chocolate in a ban
Marie heating it directly in the pan
would destroy the cocoa fats always in a
bowl over boiling water in a mixing bowl
sugar two whole eggs and three egg yolks
whisk until beautifully light and creamy
and the color changes to a light yellow
the more you mix the eggs and the sugar
the lighter that texture in the center
of the chocolate cake next melt some
butter into your warm dark chocolate and
stir put that really nice Sheen velvet
rich and tasting amazing add that to
your sugar and your
eggs I give that a really good mix and
when you're making flowless desserts it
really is important to work hard at
incorporating air especially with the
yolks and the sugar that natural height
needs to take place at the beginning
look at that looks like the perfect
chocolate
ganache then separate four egg whites
into a
[Music]
bowl now make sure you've got 2/3 of the
way there with your whites and then just
sprinkle in your sugar almost like a
merang and the firmer you make these now
the more it will elevate your cake in
the oven
[Music]
that's what you call a stiff
peak in with the whites before I start
mixing that get my camera just start
breaking that up like little glass
sheets of glass
beautiful save some of your minty
caramel shards for decoration and use a
rolling pin to break up the rest into
small pieces sprinkle that
in so as we start to slice that
chocolate cake you'll come across that
nice crunch take your cake tin make sure
it's lined with the grease with paper on
the bottom nicely greased pour this
in a few sharp Taps on a hard surface
will rid your cake mixture of any air
pockets that could create holes in your
cake sit that in the oven
180 after 35 minutes my chocolate mint
cake is cooked and whilst it cools down
I can whip up a peppermint cream
topping add sifted icing sugar and a few
drops of peppermint extract to double
cream and whisk until it's just holding
its
shape spoon your minty cream on top of
the cake leaving a small border free to
make it easier to cut for a cake that
can't fail to attract attention at your
party scatter over the remaining caramel
mint
shards now to unveil my incredible
beetroot cured
salmon off with the
weight
tray and look what's happened to the
salmon absolutely beautiful you can just
tell how delicious that's going to be
with this sort of Sheen give that a
little rinse in cold water
with your kitchen roll Pat it nice and
dry
beautiful traditionally cured salmon
would be sliced into large thin pieces
like smoked salmon but I like to cut
mine Into Thin strips it's easier and it
will show off its
beauty slice down get to the skin and
then flick your knife out that for me is
a much better way of eating cured salmon
look at the difference of the colors
that nice dark Rich ruby red
now when you've got cured salmon this
good trust me you just need a salad melu
toast or some stunning bread look how
many slices of salmon we've got that's
the secret for me to any good party
couple Master pieces simple
straightforward ingredients but done
properly
[Music]
nice my Sumptuous beetroot cured salmon
and for dessert a Vine chocolate mint
cake party food with the wow
factor next