I did this trophy fun gift basket appeal
and as you can see we're going to be
making a spring wreath so let's get
started we're going to be starting with
a 14 inch wired reform and this was from
the Dollar Tree I also got some of the
deco mesh and these really bright colors
purples and pink there's a darker purple
here and it's like a really darker pink
this is more like a YUM it has Easter on
it but it's still going to be used for
this wreath so I was trying to figure
out how to do the deco mesh and how to
cut it to put it into the wreath and so
what I'm going to be doing is I'm going
to be attaching the deco mesh using some
of these pipe cleaners and then I can
add an other thing once I take a look at
it so we're going to move the reform out
for awhile just like to show you how I'm
going to cut this and I really want to
have fun with this because I know reefs
can be labor-intensive sometimes what
I'm going to do is cut this and I just
want this to roll like one time just
like that just that one time and then
I'm going to cut from there so it's got
it's naturally going to roll but maybe
about here and then that way I can
squeeze it in like that okay so I'm
going to cut a couple of these it's
probably a good thing to cut all of your
mesh ahead of time and then if you need
more you just cut more so I just want
these all to line up a little bit here
and if you want to use a ruler to
measure it you can if you want to line
all of these up you can
and this sticks together a lot so that's
one of the other things about deco mesh
so as you can see I'm not being real
perfect with my cuts but I am going to
cut out a bunch of these but I want to
show you how gonna attach it ok now I'll
go back just to save us some time I'm
going to go back and cut all of it
together but for right now because I
want to show you how I'm going to attach
this to the wreath I'm going to cut
enough for one section of the wreath
this should be really pretty nice and
bright spring colors the nice thing
about this is that it just kind of rolls
up itself so you don't have to do much
work to get those to work for you on
your wreath and if I had a longer
workspace I would probably just spread
all these out together and cut them
together but that's ok
sometimes you have to work with what you
have okay so let me get a few of those
I'll go back and cut out more what we're
going to do is we're going to use the
pipe cleaners and for me the easiest way
to do this is to use the two inner ring
and attach two pipe cleaners I'm going
to be working in sections I'm going to
do this section and I'll do these
section here so I'm using these to gauge
how I'm going to put this ring together
so felt one and I'm just putting it
through the two inner rings and there's
so many techniques for doing this
just give it a few twists got some white
ones in here - maybe I'll alternate I'm
just pulling it together and twisting it
so it stays on there because this is the
part we're going to be working with this
inner part right here is where we're
going to put on - you're really not
going to be able to see these pipe
cleaners and once we're done attaching
the mesh I'm just giving it to twist and
of course my dog isn't here with me so
he may end up barking one two three four
let's start with five in this particular
section okay so we got one two three
four five okay so once you have those on
there securely it's okay if they shift
because we're going to be filling it in
to the point where they're going to be
it's going to be real tight and
compacted once we add our deco mesh okay
so what we're going to do is you're
going to take your mesh and let me just
move this off to the side just for a
moment you can see what I do with this
I'm going to take different colors and
I'm just going to roll it and pinch some
of that dark pink in there and if you
want to double up you can depending on
how much you have roll it and pinch
simple and let's get some purple and you
don't have to do it like this people
that do mix up different colors have fun
with it roll it and pinch right now
we're going to attach it to the wreath
so right here where you have your pipe
cleaner you're just going to take it and
place it this way cross way because you
want to make sure that the wire is not
showing so you don't want to do it this
way you want to make sure that it's
lined up this way and you just going to
give it one and two twists for now now
if you want to add ribbon later on you
can untwist it and in your ribbon that's
if you decide to so I like to be further
along in my wreath and see what else it
needs and then just add it in as I go
okay so let's do another one just going
to roll it grab another one and you see
why it's better to just go ahead and cut
all of your deco mesh in advance just
because just like that and then maybe
grab one of the purples here put the
purple in there just like that and just
add it in I'm going to the next one now
turning it this way because I want it to
be the cross way here and I want this
wreath to be really full I don't really
want that wire to be showing so so I'm
just pushing that right up to the corner
there and we're not going to worry about
this right now because we'll go back and
clean that up okay when we do one more
roll it in pinch and these are easy to
pinch that's the nice thing about these
are so flexible
just like that and just add it in again
cross way here and if some of the deco
is kind of unraveling but I kind of like
that look that little wisp of deco just
all over and I'm not going to cut it off
I just I like it like that okay and so
I'm giving it to twist and then I'm
going to move it up so you see how
that's starting to come together let's
go ahead and do another one so it looks
like I'm going to put five in this
section if I need to add a sixth one I
will and then so I'm going to go ahead
and cut some more and I'm going to come
back and show you what that completed
section looks like okay so here's one
section that's done and as you can see
it's pretty full so that's really
compacted in there let me show you what
it looks like on the other side so we've
got one two three four five six seven
I added seven and there originally I
went with five but I wanted it to be
really full and so on this side don't
worry about the pipe cleaners because
what you can do is you're just going to
take these and push them under but I
want to leave them out because I'm going
to attach some ribbon to those so I do
want to leave them out but if you need
to push some of them in the ones that
you don't use you can go ahead and do
that and push them in through the other
side just like this just bring it in the
back and you could just wrap them around
because no one's going to see anything
in the back you can just kind of wrap it
around here those loose ends so that way
you don't have to really worry about
seeing that sticking out because you're
not going to really need that I'm really
liking the way how full this looks so
you can do it as full as you want
I'm also alternating with this darker
purple I'm putting some every few of
these I'm using the darker purple so you
can create your own pattern
so I'll probably put like maybe each
section maybe one or two actually to
both in each section so in order to do
that you just open up this area right
here that open area right there you just
kind of stick your ribbon in there and
you'll twist it and you notice I haven't
cut it yet just give it a twist and
depending on how much you want it to be
sticking out I'm just going to cut it so
that has the v-shape in it cut that off
right there and so that's why I'm
leaving that the pipe cleaner on there
and then take this one and just fold it
over and just cut so the heads those
tails there and so when I'm done with
that if I'm not going to add anything
else and I just push it in through the
back okay so I can do one or I'll pop
you just do two ribbons and they're
alternating that way I can keep track of
what I'm doing so that's how I would add
the ribbon if you want to just go ahead
and add the ribbon in advance while
you're doing it you can or if you want
to just wait until the end you can do it
that way too so that way you have your
ribbon in and then you can tie
everything in the back to make it look
neat so that's what we've got so far so
I'm going to just keep on going I'm just
going to show you another option is to
just go ahead and cut your ribbon just
cut a whole bunch of them
and I'm not really measuring measuring
I'm just kind of kind of eyeballing it
you can go and cut all of your rhythms
in advance and then add the man it's
going to untie that a little bit that
way I have them placed evenly that way
my reach is nice and full I'm just going
to push these in the back I'm not going
to worry about those right now
even on tempted too I'm going to go
ahead and finish putting in all of these
deco mesh and then I'm going to come
back and show you what it looks like
okay and our reach is all done and look
how full it looks so the key to getting
a really full wreath is to make sure
that you're taking each section and I
did about six to seven bows per
perfection so when I took the deco mesh
and rolled it up I did about six of
those for each section and that made it
really full so if you take your time
with this and just do those things you
can have a really full wreath I ended up
using five of the deco mesh I ran out of
a little bit of the light pink color so
I just decided to just keep going with
some of the darker pink and the purple
so you might want to use six rolls so
that you have if you want to alternate
colors and have balance you may want to
get six rolls two of the darker pink two
of the lighter pink and two of the
purple maybe one of the dark purple and
one of the light purple but it all
depends on what you prefer I was
thinking of putting a row on here I'm
still not sure yet I was also thinking
of adding a some flowers into this too
but I don't know it may take away from
from the reads I'm kind of liking the
way it looks but just options that you
have as far as this deco mesh it's a
little bit more to me it's a little bit
more labor-intensive and when I make the
bow wreath but I really did like doing
this I probably wouldn't do it all in
one sitting I did it because I was
videotaping and then I just alternated
with this ribbon right here and at first
I wasn't sure how it was going to look
but I actually I hope it you can see it
on camera I really like the way it
turned out and then one of the other
things that I noticed is that if I was
to fluff these up and just kind of pull
them in toward the center it gives it an
even fuller effect so that's another
thing that you can do to make it really
really full and really pop is to just
pull this right in to the center from
the bottom and the top I really I really
love this wreath and the fact that it's
all dollar tree material makes it even
better so I hope this inspired you go
ahead and make your own mix up the
colors play with the colors and just
have fun with it I think I am going to
go ahead and add a bow to it I'm not
sure yet
I'll post pictures at the end so you can
get a really good look at it so thanks
for joining me and don't forget to
subscribe bye
[Music]