just letting people know what an egg
could do to a car's paintwork
unbelievably driving home Saturday night
minding my own business and all of a
sudden I hear a bang got out of my car
and it was an egg splattered on the side
of my car
somebody threw an egg while I was
driving looked out didn't think of
nothing thought it was all eight chips
all over the car cleaned it all off and
I was pissed off and saw all my
paintwork damaged
I couldn't believe an egg could do this
so people thinking or throwing eggs two
cars think twice if you get caught
you'll pay for the damage and you don't
believe the damage it causes and now
that a fork out four hundred dollars to
respray my door it's just ridiculous and
I'm pissed off so think twice before you
throw an egg it's just ridiculous
[Applause]
all those little marks there hey chips
handy guys all down the cow's scratches
so just think twice before you throw it
and you'll be charged for damages and I
don't think if you're young and under 18
you know I think your parents would like
for them to pay for the damage and if
you're over 18 you're going to be
charged by the cops so think twice of
doing it