hey writing SS welcome to dress Mastery
TV my name is and I'm a Grand Pre dress
Rider from Australia and this is my
nearly 5-year-old fian stallion olle who
has just seen a very pretty horse go
past and wants to say hello so today
I've got a really really really cool
video for you because I think this is
what most people would love to know
understand and be able to do when it
comes to dressage and that's how do you
get your horse on the beit um I remember
when I was really young um we all knew
our horses had to have that neck Arch
that's all we wanted to do and me and my
friend for the life of us could not
understand how to do it so but we knew
we wanted a photo of our horse's head
all arched so no joke we would get
carrots and apples and stick them to the
end of our whips and um give them to the
horse um that' be they were in the
stable so they couldn't go backwards and
then they would have to arch their neck
cuz the carrot was brought back um they
probably bent to behind the vertical as
well we didn't know that um and then we
would uh just take a picture just above
where the carrot was and say look at our
horses on the beit we're so cool um
luckily I progressed from that to um and
then well we we did progress from that
please forgive us we were young kids um
we went okay we got to be able to do it
when we're on a horse so no joke would
lean forward and would do the Seesaw oh
OE he's so confused until the horse
would put his head on the bit and we
felt if we kept our hands down here and
kept seesing down here the horse would
go on the bit we we're very clever of
course we could only do it in halt um
but that didn't matter and that's
probably where I think the biggest
problem riters look at when they're
riding dress AR is they worry too much
about how it looks and they don't have a
thought or a thinking about how it feels
to me when I ride my horses at home and
in competition and in training I work on
how it feels then check that it looks
how it's meant to look um because if it
looks fine but the feeling is bad it's
never going to be sustainable and it's
never going to get you to the top top
top of the sport so let's talk about the
three must dos you have to do to get
your horse on the bit so before you even
start getting your horse on the bit you
have to get your horse forward and don't
start off and walk I know a lot of
people find the walk easier but the walk
has no moment of suspension it has no
forward spring
um and it's really hard to do anything
so what you're going to do is get your
horse forward and you're not going to
care where he puts his head so I don't
care where he puts his head he just puts
it down cuz he's at the end of his
session he goes I'm tired mom um but if
your horse puts its head up in the sky
no worries I don't care yeah thank you
put your head up in the sky um don't
care where the head is I'm caring that
I've got these H legs going one two one
two one two and I have some forward
momentum I need to have something to
catch with my hands if I don't have
something forward um I'm not going to be
able to shape the horse underneath me
now rather than thinking about you want
the head down you want to be thinking
about getting the back up so while
you're riding the horse forward go okay
well if I was to use my outside drain
want to use my inside drain does that
change how the back operates and if it
does then that's a good
thing the second must do you have to do
to get your on the bit is a
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]