hey guys so today I'm going to be
showing you head to me and Verte - tip
and this is what it should look like
when you're finished it maybe you don't
want these colors but look something
like this
I also have another one in white like
this so let's get started I'm only going
to be using two colors and that's his
black and pink you can use as many
colors as you want so you can see and my
last ones
so in this is a really really easy thing
to make and it's about like the fish -
but in oh no this is where your fingers
so the first thing you'll do is have two
fingers like this then you're gonna take
your first color mine is black and
you're going to do it like you're late
and put it on your fingers so it's a
figure of eight next we're going to take
your next color for Maine that's his
pink pick that one normal then take your
next color which is going to be black
again because that is my colors okay so
the first thing when you're doing an
inverted is you do it normal if you
start with a normal fishtail so you
bring the boat one up up
then just move down your bats
this is what she look like just nice but
we need another one so you should always
have the D on your fingers and like this
so what to make it invested which is no
you take the middle one take it down and
take the new one up another one take it
down like this so I'm going to show you
one more time you should have three
bands take the middle one down and up
middle one down and take this one up one
more time just to make sure everyone has
it
take another one down and this one pop
Medellin down and so as you can see I
have Wayne on a bet but not too much and
this is why I should start to look like
once you've done about it my fingers are
shaking I'm like this is what you should
start to look like after that and a
quarter and she's not like this at first
but um if I get this one once you've
made it you will stretch and or no but
they're really really pretty and there
are nice
okay something there done and it should
look something like this wait there and
then we should do it is your chute
stretch as far as you can if it doesn't
hold like that and when you go back it
should look at that like that so know
when you're done you're gonna want to
put on a c-clip one ace clip or whatever
you want even or for other parts of us
that best thing to do stick it over to
fit your fingers like this take the S
clip and pinch it
all right and then switch it over and
and on see what the heck
the thing with mine is that the F clips
are really back so what you need to do
is pin jolin at the same time you need
to double up the twist step and then you
need to pinch it on again this is really
tricky there we go
so it's doubled and stuff that's final
so I'm just going to put on my a bunt so
so just did one sec
this is what your band should look like
and it's called an inverted fish - the
way I am
I guess I'm so much for watching maybe
you could do like this or maybe one like
yes I don't know the inspiration but and
thank you for watching this video today
we need the inverted Orland and I want
you guys to like if you want me to do
more this is all Tamar she is so thank
you so much for watching