after making a bunch of videos on the
one meal a day diet and how effective it
can be to help with weight loss and with
burning body fat in a simple non
restrictive way I've noticed that most
people still have tons of questions
about what to eat and in general how to
set up the die properly so I wanted to
make this video specifically for
beginners that are brand new to this
diet plan in an effort to explain
everything from A to Z including what to
expect what to eat and how much of it to
eat so you can get started with a one
meal a day dieting structure as early as
today
and if you've never tried to eat one
meal a day you might think that it's
impossible unhealthy or too difficult
for you to do but if you give this style
of eating a chance I promise you you'll
find that all those thoughts are simply
untrue to set up an ohm ad or a one meal
a day diet plan you want to start by
picking one hour of the day that you
would like to eat your meal when it
comes to losing weight or burning body
fat it doesn't really matter whether
that meal is consumed in the morning or
at night but we do want to try to start
and finish eating within one hour the
other 23 hours of the day are gonna be
for fasting now if you're a beginner
just the thought of that probably got
your stomach turning and growling and
there's no denying that when you first
start you are gonna feel hungry but most
people think that they'll feel a lot
hungrier than they do when they gather
the courage to actually try the diet
plan a lot of the hunger that you
currently feel throughout the day is
actually a conditioned hunger response
Nobel Prize winner Ivan Pavlov
accidentally discovered this when
studying salvation and dogs ultimately
leading to something known in psychology
as pavlo nyan conditioning without
getting too in-depth into his study the
bottom line of his experiments was that
hunger is a highly suggestible state
that can not only be caused by the taste
smell inside of food but hunger can also
be trained as a conditioned response
meaning if you're used to eating
breakfast every day at 7 a.m. lunch at
12 p.m. and dinner at 6 p.m. you've
conditioned yourself to get hungry every
day at those times the stimulus that
causes you to get hungry isn't the smell
taste or sight
food it's the time itself and this
applies further by paring things like
eating snacks while watching TV or while
studying or whenever you feel boredom
you develop even more conditioned hunger
responses so the ironic truth is that by
practicing fasting you can break a lot
of these conditions hunger responses and
start feeling only the unconditional
hunger response when you're actually
feeling hungry allowing you to develop a
better relationship to food in general
to help you break your condition hunger
responses throughout the day you can
slowly ease into a one meal a day diet
by cutting out snacks and meals slowly
one at a time you can also incorporate
things like black coffee apple cider
vinegar and sugar free tea throughout
the day to help suppress your appetite
remember it'll take some time but your
body will for sure adapt let's move on
to what to eat and how much of it to eat
when you actually get to your one meal a
day for the day you don't want to
restrict your calories a lot of people
try this diet plan to lose weight or
burn fat and they think that they can
lose weight faster by cutting calories
from the only meal to eat for the whole
day this is a big mistake that leads to
binge eating almost every time another
big mistake is trying to do something
like a one meal a day ketogenic diet
plan as a beginner you should allow
yourself to eat all three macronutrients
protein carbs and fats again do not
restrict calories or macronutrients
during this one meal especially when
first starting as it will likely lead
you to failing the diet instead you want
to eat your fill of single ingredient
real foods I think we all know what
single ingredient real foods are but
just to give you some examples fruits
vegetables rice potatoes oats barley
buckwheat natural cooking oils eggs
chicken turkey fish you get the idea
foods that contain only one real natural
ingredient you can also have foods that
are a combination of a bunch of single
ingredient foods so an example of that
would be something like Ezekiel bread
which is made up of a bunch of real
natural sprouted grains once you decide
what to eat grab a large dinner plate as
well as a large bowl start by adding
your protein source to your plate
normally when you're trying to
burn fat I recommend you have about one
gram of protein per pound of body weight
to preserve muscle mass and I know this
is a major area of confusion for people
when it comes to the one meal a day diet
so you will most likely not be able to
eat one gram of protein per pound of
bodyweight when eating one meal a day I
mean for me that would be 200 grams of
protein in just one meal that's just not
gonna happen
luckily fasting itself is great at
preventing muscle loss because of the
hormonal changes that will occur in your
body while you're actually fasting by
combining fasting with a heavy weight
training program you can prevent most
muscle loss without having to eat a ton
of protein in one sitting but as a
general rule of thumb you want to take
that dinner plate and fill about 40% of
it with your protein source the rest of
the plate can be filled with fats and
carbs in whatever ratios that you choose
and when I say fill up your plate
I mean fill it up it's very unlikely
that you'll exceed your total daily
calories with just one really full plate
of wholesome single ingredient foods
those single ingredient foods are gonna
fill you up without you having to worry
about calories too much in fact if
anything you should be worried about
getting enough calories and eating
enough rather than eating too much just
to help illustrate what to put in your
plate let me give you guys a couple
examples you might fill your plate with
a large piece of salmon and the rest of
your plate might be baked potatoes that
were baked in some cooking oil the
salmon will give you your protein and
your fats while the potatoes will give
you your carbs and the extra fats from
the cooking oil another example would be
chicken thighs or a large piece of
chicken breast with 30% of the plate
filled with rice and the other 30% with
avocados you can also have multiple
protein sources so you might feel 20% of
your plate with steak and the other 20%
with scallops and then the rest with
brown rice pasta cooked in olive oil
topped with tomato sauce there's really
an infinite amount of ways that you
could fill your plate as long as you're
sticking to real food not processed food
now for the big bowl you're gonna want
to use that to fill it up with at least
2 to 3 cups of vegetables again don't
try to restrict calories I don't want
you sitting there chewing on a raw
broccoli stock to try to lose weight
faster because
it won't work these vegetables can be
cooked in oil they can be seasoned and
they can be made very tasty since you're
only eating one meal a day you want to
make sure that you still take in plenty
of nutrients so I usually recommend that
you start by eating your big bowl of
vegetables first this will also take the
edge off of your hunger then you can
move on to your plate of protein carbs
and fats making sure to prioritize
eating all the protein off your plate
after eating everything in your bowl and
off your plate you're most likely gonna
feel extremely full however if you're
not full then eat more single ingredient
foods you can also at this point eat
more healthy snacks like fruits seeds
and nuts but trust me you're probably
gonna be full I know this diet sounds
absurd because we're not tracking
calories we're not concerned with having
one gram of protein per pound of body
weight there aren't that many rules
we're not eating all day long and when
we are eating we're eating until we're
totally full but I guarantee you it
works now there are a few more things
that I want to mention for you to be
able to successfully eat like this first
off the one meal a day diet is a
flexible dieting approach the main goal
is to break the conditioned hunger
response and to teach you to only react
to your unconditional hunger response if
you find yourself really low on energy
during your workouts then add a second
meal during one of the days to take in
extra calories flexibility implies that
you don't have to eat one meal a day
every day as unbelievable as it sounds
there are going to be days where it's
time for you to eat your one meal and
you're not all that hungry and you wind
up leaving food in your plate well the
next day if you feel low in energy and
you're starving then allow yourself an
extra meal for that day you can add an
extra meal a couple days a week and
still end up with a large net caloric
deficit this slowly teaches you to
respond to natural hunger signals rather
than eating based on a clock or a
calculator again if you find yourself
extremely hungry once you've already
adapted to the diet then occasionally
add in an extra meal the amount of
weight you lose isn't based on calories
consumed per day but
then it's based on calories consumed
over time so small refeeds will be
necessary especially if you're following
the single ingredient food approach
because that approach fills your stomach
up without costing too many extra
calories one last thing that I do want
to mention and that's on the topic of
junk food if you're trying to simply
maintain your weight rather than lose
weight you can definitely get away with
eating more junk food during your one
meal however I still recommend eating
those junk foods and snacks after
already consuming your single ingredient
foods that'll prevent you from
overeating and will ensure that you're
taking in plenty of nutrients that's it
guys I know this diet plan may sound
super simple in theory but that's
exactly the way that it's meant to be if
you want to feel more calculated with
your diet plan you can track your
calories in the beginning to ensure that
you're not taking in too little or too
much I really hope this video has helped
you guys out if it has make sure you
subscribe to my channel and hit that
Bell icon to enjoy more free videos just
like this one also if you're looking to
lose weight or burn body fat fast and
you want a streamlined done-for-you
solution without you having to do the
research yourself and without tons of
trial and error try my 6we challenge
where my clients are losing an average
of 20 pounds or 5% body fat in just 42
days we customized a ton of different
diet plans including fasting keto
vegetarian and even more traditional 5
to 6 meal a day diet plans because
everyone is different and everyone finds
more success with different diet plans
you also get a 42 day workout plan a
recipe book and an accountability coach
to help guide you through the entire
process and the best part is that we
offer you the chance to get it for free
to incentivize you to actually follow
through without cheating and without
quitting for all six weeks so you can
experience the results that so many of
our clients have already experienced to
find out more you can click the link
somewhere around here or you can just
visit my website directly at WWE Avenue
transformation calm I'll see you guys
soon
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]