[Music]
hi I'm Kat Dillon and I'm going to show
you how to make some different shapes
with your zucchini how to slice in a
mandolin we're going to start with this
whole zucchini we're just going to slide
that slice the tips off so this is your
regular blade the blade that it comes
with is just a flat blade and you're
just going to slowly make some zucchini
slices it's like this this is great for
your sautes for soups for things like
that you can even make little zucchini
chips and oven dry these you can oven
dry them at about 300 nice and slow
that's your slicing blade all right so
now we have the thicker blade in we're
going to do the same thing slice away
the thicker slices are going to be great
for sauteing as well you can do anything
you want you can add them to pastas I
like to just make like a little hash
from them alright so see you have nice
thick evenly sliced zucchini and you can
tell your friends that you've managed to
do this with a knife all by yourself
alright so I've got my fine blade in and
I'm going to go ahead and slice that
again be very very careful of your nails
and your fingers and there you got it
you've got fine slices cut the mantle
from the mandolin and you can use these
fine slices for things like salads and
more raw type dishes
[Music]
you