hi this is salsa Electrical episode
number 167 and I'm your host John they
were going to show you a follow up on
how to build a spa pad on a steep
incline in Part A we showed you how to
actually construct the box in this
episode we're going to show you how to
partially excavate the high side and to
raise up low side so that you have a
perfectly level pad in which to put your
pea gravel or other seepage material so
let's get started right start excavating
for the pad first of all we made sure it
is square and then we're keeping it in
place takes temporarily until we can get
the footings dug out on the top side
with everything staked and secured we
start out with the age-old jackhammer
everything is excavated and packed in a
little bit we just need to do some final
leveling it's almost level right now and
then pack some dirt in anchor it and
then put in the pea gravel pad is now
perfectly level and squared so we're
going to attach those rods to the wood
so we can hammer them in and get a good
solid steady level on it I'll show you
how to do that first cut your fastening
anchors and you use masonry castle tape
you have plenty of screws on hand next
take one of the anchors
you wanna about a half an inch above
where you're going to be pounding
this is the finished pre pad and it's
stake down it's secured it's completely
level and we're going to be putting
gravel in here momentarily for the
completion of the pad and this is a
completed pad with a little bit of extra
on the outside to maintain integrity
because they're going to be landscaping
this in rock anyway so all that will be
hidden and we've got a perfectly flat
base for a spa that's going to be craned
in tomorrow thanks for watching and have
a great day