hey everybody today I'm Henry's Hatter's
I'm gonna show you how to make KFC
original tenders let's get straight into
it so we'll start off with our chicken
I'm gonna be using two chicken breasts
for this recipe now the first thing we
need to do is obviously trim the fat and
any sort of burn off our chicken and
make sure they're nice and clean
okay so now we have to slice them into
strips so I want to do it is slice it
through the middle first and now we're
just going to just cut lengthwise just
about one centimeter thick so we have
little strips like that as you can see
so we want to continue doing that with
all our chicken so then you should have
all strips like that
now just into a ball I've added two cups
of plain flour and to this we're going
to add one teaspoon of paprika 1
teaspoon of ground ginger 1 teaspoon of
onion salt once he spreads celery salt
1/2 a teaspoon of black pepper one
teaspoon of onion salt
not a tablespoon of dry basil leaves a
teaspoon of thyme a teaspoon of ground
chili
a teaspoon of ground coriander
a tablespoon or draw or Agana now we
just want to give that a mix and get all
those herbs and spices kuffar just like
that now we can set our seasoning aside
now it will small ball will crack in one
egg and to our egg will add about a half
a cup of milk now just give that a quick
whisk and get that combine it
just like that now stick your deep-fry
through 130 degrees we can also pan fry
this if you prefer but deep fry will
work better so what do you want to do
now set up a station with your egg wash
your flour mixture
hang your chicken just to make it easier
and I just put a container or a little
something on the side so once our
chickens bread we can put it right here
so let's begin you want to take your
Chico one or two pieces at a time mix it
through the flour then one more I'm put
into the egg wash back into the flour
then we want to repeat this again so
back into the egg wash then into the
flour again and if we left with a strip
like that so set that aside and we'll
continue with the next one see into the
egg wash into the flour back into the
egg wash then back into the flour again
so continue doing that with all your
chicken and then we'll get started on
cooking so once you finish braiding all
your chicken should have something that
looks like this
each piece of well coded in our flour so
it's time to fry these now we'll
probably need to do this in about two to
three batches depending on how big your
deep fire is so we'll start with placing
our chicken into our deep fryer now you
don't want to put too many into each
basket because it's just gonna over
crowd and the chicken will all stick
together
and we'll leave the rest for the next
batch that's very important to
constantly leave the boss it's as well
this will stop our chicken all sticking
together now we only need a total
cooking time of about two to three
minutes once the chicken is completely
puts off to the top it signifies that
it's ray
ok so it's been about three minutes now
as you can see the chickens completely
flirted off they look nice and
golden-brown just let it drain and in
the meantime just waterboard with some
paper towels to soak up the excess oil
this trade you like though if you're
doing enough about you go ahead right
now as I am here okay simple as that
that's how you make KC original tendons
the only difference is these are
probably real chicken no preservatives
no MSG so they're much better for you so
I hope you like that guys please like
subscribe if you've got any comments or
suggestions just lean about the bottom
and I'll see you all next time