hello and welcome to a handmade cottage
and today I wanted to talk to you a bit
about pressed flowers and leaves
I love pressing flowers I've done it
ever since I was a kid and I think a lot
of little girls and boys are given
flower presses this is my one I got this
from a charity shop
you'll find them in charity shop they're
everywhere you simply lay your flower or
leaf in between the pieces of paper and
press it and leave it for a couple of
weeks two to three weeks and then you
have beautiful pressed flowers and
leaves that preserved forever then okay
so I just want to show you some of the
flowers I click in the summer
lots of hydrangeas which make the
loveliest petals you can see and then I
think there were some pansies oh it's a
quite vibrant I mean I've got pressed
flowers I remember I've got one that my
husband gave to me
well then boyfriend in Paris about 15
years ago and it's so lovely they bring
back memories and they're just so pretty
this is something I did earlier in the
summer and I just wanted to show you
these were just flowers I picked from
the hedgerows I just laid them down in
pressed glass once they were dry and
there you have it it's a beautiful
display a lovely thing to do is to get a
little Kiko frame and you find one of
these on Amazon or such take a look a
hydrangea petal pop it in and I make
such sweet little presents
my friends love these kind of things
they're so pretty
I just wanted to show you how I made my
old to leave Garland I did do a tutorial
on the blog but I think there's a lot of
followers on YouTube that don't actually
follow the blog so I thought I'd do a
little video for you all you need is
ribbon you tie it along your fireplace
wherever you want it and get hold of
some little mini picks like these you
see and you simply pick up your leaf it
really is as easy as that if you start
with smaller leaves on the outside at
regular intervals gradually getting
bigger towards the middle it's a really
nice evenly spaced Garland it looks so
pretty equally you can do things like
make lanterns with pressed awesome
leaves and when you like the candle it
glows through and looks really lovely
and I put a little pine cone in that one
that's on the blog as well I've just put
that out recently so when ya meet the
most of autumn make the most of bringing
the outside in into your home it makes
such difference I think okay I hope
you're all well and keep him warm and
thanks for watching
and Arthur you can see