what's up everybody it's your boy okay
ready say what I'll be doing today I'm
gonna be preparing on another one of my
mom's favorite dishes which is like a
southern soulful star dish well it
actually is a southern soul food style
dish which is a just some pig feet you
know like I say you go to any to soul
food restaurant around here you're
definitely gonna see these on the menu
or on the steam table so that's what I
got goin let me use green onions
green bell pepper 1/2 a green bell
pepper 1/2 an onion and one jalapeno got
about about 4 green onions over that and
I'm used basically I'm you know hit it
with a little washing ourselves some of
our my whole purpose rub we use just a
couple of dashes of sriracha you know
I'd like to put hot sauce in my pig feet
and this is my choice to use uh some
good stuff is what I'm be doing using as
a binding agent some of these tone
accessories instant roux
I mean I could use you know some flour
and butter make a rule or either some
porn stars but this here gets gets the
job done just as well it adds a little
bit more flavor to the food so you know
I really like using it in my dishes so
what I'm gonna do is just cut these
veggies up get the pig feet on get them
boiling and
I'll be back with you all once they
start boiling and I just you know start
the season in process and everything
later alright everybody I am back as you
can see I got the pig feet of boiling
pretty good so at this time I had my
veggies got everything all nice and put
up just dump them right in now hit with
some Worcestershire sauce right about a
good tablespoon they were tablespoon and
a half you know like I said before I
don't measure I just kind of season to
take so there's my season all-purpose
road good night but heaping of that or
now you could just use whatever your
favorite season season of seasons are
you know so some people use one season
some people use a whole lot of season so
it just my own the special blend right
so mixed just hit it with some sriracha
but get it over on one hand
about a good teaspoon of that so just
stir all this in put the top back on and
let it roll about all at that point I'll
you know I probably you know taste the
seasoning on it a couple of times and
then I'll get back at you and probably
by the aisle and at that point I just
add probably some some minced garlic to
it give it another layer of flavor so
I'll get back with you by the hour later
all right everybody hi I'm back by the I
win on the cook of the pig feet see that
coming along really good so real nice
aroma smelling really good in here what
I'm gonna do at this point I'm just add
like a tablespoon of minced garlic give
it another little play and probably by
fourth of a teaspoon Italian si giving a
nice little kick so I got this going I'm
gonna let this roll for prod about
another hour and then I'm gonna come
back and hit it with some of that that
instant group just to tighten it up a
little bit you know have a nice little
gravy taste to it and let it roll by 30
more minutes after that so my total cook
time should be about 2 and 1/2 hour what
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna put some of
these the yams with it some of these
sugary Sam sweet potatoes they pretty
good just add like a quarter cup of
brown sugar tourm tablespoon of white
sugar and half a teaspoon of nutmeg and
a settlement to it they should come out
really really nice so I'm put those on
in a minute let these roll along and get
back at you
right everybody I'm back two hours into
the coop and as you can see I already
added on the rule the instant rule
mixture to it just to you know as a
binding agent to to bind it up a little
bit you know I don't want it too thick
like a gravy just you know real nice
consistent route so I got those what I
did was just use the equal parts on the
roof 1/2 a cup of water 1/2 cup of root
and just put it right in there and stir
it in for that fine over here got some
cream corn sweet cream corn is added
like a tablespoon of white sugar to it
and a teaspoon of black pepper gonna be
good to go over them be going some good
eating today being mom I got a got some
sweet potatoes right though it's better
really good so we did i'ma let this roll
for about 30 minutes and then when I
come back she'll be plating up ready to
taste the food later all right everybody
I am back and this is my finished
product right here on the pig feet as
you can see I got nice color on just
creamed corn working right here yams
working got some rice for a little thin
gravy that I got off of the pig feet so
now is the moment of truth
so working with you nice tender fall off
the ball
mm-hmm
oh yeah that's good not too spicy it's
got the right flavor content on it a
flavor profile melt-in-your-mouth really
cares too much more net on pig feet I
said it's just like a the soul food
delicacy food that we have don't eat
them all the time but definitely grew up
on the can't forget about good good good
all right gonna be my meal my lunch for
the day for finish this up and get bids
on this like I say it just like one of
the areas that I like cooking in which
is a soul food so don't get any more
soul food than this one with a pig feet
so as I always say I appreciate
everybody stopping by checking on my
video and gettin appreciate the comments
you know and subscribe
so I'm keep doing what I'm doing and
that's all that's all I can do so and I
love doing it
and I hope everybody you know enjoying
videos as well so on that note K ray
signing out later peace