hello and welcome how are you doing my
friend
next I like to show you that if you have
any any league or any issues in your
braking system it's good to check your
cars and pick up drugs like Ford 150
pick up rocks these brake hoses and
these connections and now I have inter
situation that I like to show that I
have this this car's rear brake room a
rare what is in here the spray chrome
and now I am inspecting is doing
inspection that do I have any leaks in
my teeth
brake fluid hoses and it connections and
joint and Capo's and then I noticed that
hey there is dropping this display fluid
in here and this is parsing of if we
have if you could see any anything like
that the terrorists is this shiny thing
in your these pipes or even that what I
have in here that there is dropping this
brake fluid this is really bad situation
this is like big risk and then we looked
at that leak closer okay and terrorist
is my league and it seems that now I
have leaked between that brake fluid
hose and tent this rubber hose in this
connection and it's very normal that
that if we have all these pipes that
there are some leak in these connections
or then also in this rubber areas those
cooler places like in here in that place
this is very common also but now I have
issue in here and what I need to do now
I need to do so that I need to open this
joint in here
then I need to clean those and fast and
toast poles again but if there is still
this league then I need to replace that
part and then also that another part and
then this league will be away but but
this is very bad thing if you notice
that that your breakup cables are wet
because there is now situation that my
break rooms what is in here what is in
here that but this part don't work now
okay there is like Blackhawk this some
some power is missing and that's it is
the safety and security issue okay and
this process information and thank you
for watching that video and have a nice
day to you