hello hello hello you guys and welcome
back to my channel in today's video we
are gonna do the part two of my plant
organization a reorganization rather if
you haven't seen the part 1 feel free
and click it I posted it at gosh I think
about maybe two weeks or so ago where I
redid the entire background that I
usually film in front of this time we're
gonna film all the plants that are right
across from my typical filmy an area so
if you want to see what it looks like
we're gonna time-lapse the entire thing
but without further ado let's get into
it
this is my current plant setup as you
can tell I have a lot of really
beautiful plants but my current display
of them mainly just looks more like a
hot mess than anything else
everything is sort of jumbled up one
over the other and it takes up a lot
more floor space than it probably should
when I first started adding plants to my
house I didn't anticipate quite how many
I would end up having because I was
mainly more of an outside plant girl
mainly even fruiting plants that was
kind of my jam and so because of that
before any of these organizational
videos came out I sort of just picked
whatever furniture I had lying around to
display my plants in my previous
organizational video I used a three-tier
shelf from the same brand that I'm using
the furniture or the shelving from in
this video the pieces are incredibly
affordable they're super lightweight and
they're very simple to assemble very
fast to assemble even which is very
wonderful considering that I'm in the
third trimester of pregnancy and I'm not
looking for too many extra challenges at
this point in my life for the purposes
of this plant section I wanted something
that was a bit higher than the
three-tiered shelf as well as something
to go in front of that tall window that
didn't block too much of the natural
light that comes in there because a lot
of these plants are very dependent on
that natural light coming through
because of that I chose a four tiered
shelf to put against the
all as well as to two-tiered shelves to
put in front of that window but before
we do that I'm gonna wipe down the
shelving units and remove every single
plant and piece of furniture that was
previously occupying that space to
really give it a nice deep cleanse I
very regularly check my plants just to
make sure pest issues are prevented as
well as to make sure that my home in
general is clean however when you
actually physically remove everything
from a given space it's amazing how much
debris shows up essentially and it
brings rise to a wonderful opportunity
to clean everything this little table
cubby that I'm wiping down right now is
where I store a lot of my plant supplies
so some extra stakes some fertilizer as
well as plant vitamins some rooting
hormone things of that nature I had a
whole bunch of little cubbies cuz I love
to organize things and cubbies and I
thought that I would need much more than
I actually did but I found out that I
mainly was storing a lot of unnecessary
things and only ended up needing one
little tiny cube during this process I
also cleaned off my little tabletop that
you see here and found that those clear
plastic trays that I was using ended up
warping very sadly one of my favorite
furniture pieces I highly suggest that
if you plan to display plans on
furniture that you truly care about that
you use either a ceramic plate or
thicker plastic trays I currently
switched almost every single plant that
I own to these really thick black
plastic trays and I could not be happier
with them they are tremendous and I
suggest that simply because the clear
plastic trays that I had for example
weren't broken but still managed to ruin
the furniture that they were a top of
but now it is time to bring back the
plants I really wanted to consider every
plants needs in terms of lighting some
plants like the string of hearts for
example need to have direct access to
the sunlight whereas something like a
snake plant can be a bit further back
another thing I had to consider was the
height of each plant I didn't want to
make any plans feel too
and I also didn't want to place anything
too tall in front of a window which
would prevent light from coming in I
plan to record an updated house plant
tour but before I do that there are
still a couple things that I would like
to tweak about this display but overall
this is it and I think it looks
tremendously better than how it did
before certainly a lot cleaner and you
can actually see the variety of
beautiful plants that I have instead of
just having them essentially one on top
of the other
for only adding a couple inexpensive
pieces of furniture I think this turned
out pretty darn good and I'm sure my
plants are very happy about it as well
if you have any organizational tips or
display tips I would love to hear your
suggestions in the comment section down
below
alrighty we are done and I am officially
pooped hence this and the lounging in
the chair instead of standing with the
beautiful trees in the background
overall I'm pretty dang happy with how
it turned out hopefully you are too if
you love this video make sure to please
give it a thumbs up and make sure to
subscribe so that you don't miss out on
any future videos that I make