now a lot of recipes will call for you
to use leaks now cleaning leaks is one
of the most important things you could
do uh they come a lot of times in the
shops pre-prepared these days and they
say they're already clean but you really
should be very careful the first thing
you want to do is trim away the root of
the leak and the green Woody part at the
top which will leave you with the center
part of the leak now once you've got
that cut it in half lengthways and place
into cold water now you'll see all the
different layers that's where the sort
of sand or the grit hides in between
those different layers so either using
the bowl of cold water or under a tap
with cold water very very vigorously and
thoroughly clean those leaks and and
remove any of that grit leaks are a very
common ingredient that can be made into
soups leak and potato soup is a very
common soup or stews and once you've
cleaned them like this you're free to go
ahead and prepare anything that you want
either sliced or diced
leaks