[Music]
hi I'm Steve hamson I'm one of the
horticulturist here at Rogers Gardens
and today I'd like to share a few tips
with you on how you can grow and Bloom
wonderful Plum areas considering their
tropical Origins it is a little bit
surprising that they do very well here
in Southern California uh when choosing
a location to grow the plume areas
there's some things to consider first of
all is a is a choose location that's
preferably full sun uh probably at least
6 hours of Sun but the more sun the
better they like sun and heat one other
important thing to consider when growing
Plum areas is the soil type that they
are in they like a very well- drained
soil if you're growing them in the
ground and if you do have a heavy soil
you may want to lighten that up and this
can be done by adding sand and pmus and
even some organic matter some uh some
type of compost will help loosen that
soil and Aid in drainage plumies also do
very well in growing in pots and if you
are considering grown Clum areas in pots
again the soil is very important I like
to use something that's very well
drained uh Cactus mixes is recommended
very often I find that maybe it's a
cactus mix is a little bit too well-
drained so I like to mix mix my own soil
sometimes I'll just take a bag of cactus
mix and then add some regular potting
soil to it roughly half and half and
that seems to still give good drainage
but it'll just retain a little bit more
moisture this is the cactus mix and
again it's very well drained there's a
lot of extra pmus and sand in here so uh
I like to mix about this about half and
half with regular potting soil the
potting soil again it's just a it has a
little bit of pmus in but it's just a
holds a little bit too much moisture for
the plumer it's not quite well drained
enough so when I do that I will put
about half soil and half Cactus
mix one other important consideration
when growing plumeria is the watering
Plumas go dormant in the winter time and
at that time they'll drop all their
leaves at that time they should be kept
on the dry side um I my plumia growing
in pots I rarely water during the winter
months only when the soil almost gets
completely dry while I give them a
little bit of water during the summer
months when Plumas are all leafed out
and actively growing they actually
require regular watering I let my soil
get slightly dry before watering and
then I will water it so the water comes
out the bottom of the pot just to make
sure it's uh the soil is wet all the way
through
the type of fertilizer that you use on
plumer is also important plumer is like
a butt and Bloom booster meaning that
they have a low nitrogen ratio this U Dr
Earth blood and blo booster is ideal
it's 4% nitrogen 10% phosphorus which
encourages flowering and 7% pottassium
and any fertilizer with a higher middle
number the phosphorus uh is the one to
use I will sometimes alternate a bloom
booster just with a regular fertilizer
they also need some nitrogen to produce
good growth in the
summertime um another one I like to use
is the seow it's a water soluble
fertilizer again it's a 4% nitrogen 26%
phosphorus and 26% potassium I will
alternate this one between the se's
allpurpose fertilizer which is a
balanced
fertilizer Plumas have become very
popular in the last few years and
nowadays we have a wide range of colors
to choose from uh they range from white
to different shades of pink pale pink
through a deep Rose to almost red there
are very uh very good yellow Plum areas
now and what are called rainbow ones
with several different colors in each
flower uh flower shape can vary from
very rounded to very spidery looking
very narrow petals and another thing to
consider is that there are wonderful
fragrances in Plume area some of them
are very very fragrant and they uh each
variety seems to have a slightly
different fragrance Samoan fluff is a
good white variety it has very round
overlapping petals a good white color
and a nice
fragrance Aztec gold is a good yellow
variety it's an older yellow one and
there's some newer varieties that are
maybe a little bit more yellow but Aztec
gold is still a very good yellow one
it's almost solid yellow
flowers celadine or it's also called
Hawaiian yellow or graveyard yellow is
the variety that's used most often in
lays it has very long lasting uh
qualities it has good yellow color with
a white Edge to it and a very nice
fragrant Ruby star is a nice deep pink
Rosy pink variety that also has a nice
fragrance Liliana is one of the rainbow
varieties it starts with a yellow Center
which goes out to a white and this is
bordered by a nice deep pink rose color
when repotting plume area the best time
to do it is in the springtime just at
the beginning of the growing season I
have one here which has been growing in
a gallon pot for too long this one is
definitely in need in need of
repotting so even if I when I pull this
out yeah the root ball is very tight
very full of roots so this one is a
definite candidate to repot what I do I
choose a pot that's just a little bit
bigger they don't need huge pots to
begin with uh this is a 12in pot it's an
appropriate size for this size plant
now when I'm repotting a plume area what
I'll first do is cover the drainage hole
with one of these potting screens the
advantage of these is that they'll let
water through but they'll keep the soil
in they also have another Purp of
keeping uh insects from coming up
through the bottom drainage hole so I'll
just Place one of those at the bottom in
the pot I have my prepared soil mix the
half potting soil and half Cactus
[Music]
mix and plumia don't like the roots to
be disturbed too much so when you do
take it out of the pot you have to be a
little bit careful this one is really in
need of repotting it's very it's filled
the pot
so I'll do it at about the same level
that it was growing at
before and I'll just fill in the
soil I'm going to make sure I get that
soil packed down
and I'll just allow a little bit of room
between the lip of the pot and the soil
level just to allow for watering and
that's all there is to it again I'm
Steve hamson I hope I've given you some
helpful tips today on how you can grow
and Bloom beautiful plumeria in your own
garden happy growing
[Music]