everyone its Dina and I am going to talk
about the AG p-tech waterproof 10 meters
or 33 feet of led us be operated lights
ah ok they look like this there it's a
very thin wire insert again I do a lot
of crafts that involve putting lights
into wine bottles not that I drink a lot
of wine because i don't i don't like
wine it's gross um but occasionally I
need decorations and so wine bottles are
really good for my boozy decorations
anyway so I'd been doing these by
putting christmas lights in them the
only thing is Christmas lights the cable
is very thick it becomes an issue
loading them in I'm so I got these on
the off chance that it would be better
to use so as you can see they go in the
bottle extremely easy it's going to work
on anything that you use and there's you
can get them in multiple colors I got
these in warm white and I really would
have liked the cool white better um but
then it comes through you can't really
see it but the bottle is Gilly beloved
one and it's got a skull on the front
that's awesome um but this was a really
good read that I had so anyway I did
this because i had this bottle with a
friend that used to be a boss at another
friend's party and so i say the bottle
and i wanted something we had we
actually had two bottles i made one for
me and one for her and but anyway the
lights are great because the wire is
very thin it's very flexible it's going
to go around a bunch of stuff
it plugs in USB everyone has the USB
chargers all over the place you know I
think I've got like one on my nightstand
to on my desk then don't even get me
started on how many are on my desktop
computer but these are great they're
fabulous it's easy to operate and I was
able to leave this bottle with a hundred
lights plugged in overnight the bottle
was still cool to the touch the next day
they don't heat up like regular
Christmas lights so these are fabulous I
gave it 5 out of 5 and I did receive it
at a discount so but they're fabulous