building a mob trap for spiders is a
little bit different because they won't
fall down that drowning hole the blocks
were going to need for this trap
are two buckets of water some sand some
cactus plenty of ladders cobblestone
dirt torches glass and a sign start by
blocking off any exits so your spiders
can't escape and I'm going to replace
the cobblestone around the spawner with
dirt and put torches on that dirt to
incapacitate the spawner put the torch
back on and the same thing on this side
so now I just need to dig down two
blocks so I can go beneath the spawner
dig out the entire room be sure to leave
those dirt blocks with the torches on
them so the spawner is still
incapacitated
all right so finally I have a room
that's seven blocks wide also seven
blocks long and two blocks underneath
the spawner I need it to be 12 blocks
long so I'm gonna count my way across
seven dig into the wall 8 9 10 11 and 12
I'll do the same thing on the other side
8 9 10 11 and 12
now just dig out all this stone I'm
going to place glass on this back spot
here eight blocks away from your back
wall and leave a small space for you to
get through
now it's time to build an internal
spring by digging three blocks back and
then those last two blocks down pull out
your two water buckets place them in
opposite corners and you've got an
eternal spring pull water from it and
start lining this back wall with water
this is what will push your spiders into
the trap
just make sure you have one more bucket
of water before you head back in your
back room here dig down one layer right
here where the water ends this will be
your collection trough one block behind
that dig out every other block and
replace it with sand and place cactus on
top of that sand these cactus are what's
going to kill the spiders so back in
your spawning room
you're going to want to close up your
eternal spring
and get rid of these torches the ones on
the wall first and then you can use your
shovel to quickly get rid of the dirt
and get out of here before the spider
spawn not quick enough
well there it is the water pushes that
spider into the cactus and that hurts
him until he dies you can see drop
string right in that collection trough
just place your last bucket of water in
that corner there and it'll push your
string to a single collecting point and
that's your spring collection spot
so to get out just dig your way straight
up and start placing porches and lappers
there it is the surface you're going to
wanna place a sign so you'll know in the
future what this ladder leads to
so let's head down and collect some
string I got kind of lazy and I didn't
dig this out two blocks wide so I can't
fall I just have to travel at the latter
speed so I'll speed it up a little bit
and here we are you can use this mob
back to collect all the string you'll
ever need