all right so we're going to try all
right up all right thank you all right
so today we're today we're going to make
a little fermented beverage called
toache and it's just a fermented
pineapple drink with some spices very
nice very refreshing toache toache
toache Vin we call toache oh what's this
[Music]
toache so you want to get yourself a
good jar a jar that can close you want
something that can get a good seal on it
uh what I've done I rigged it up a
little bit is where I put a little
rubber band on here and I put that over
there so it keeps it closed Vinnie are
you recording but what the rubber band
does patent pending is it self burps it
so if it were going to explode it would
just go bur and it would just let the
pressure out Ginger's very active when
it comes to fermentation by its own I
mean there's a thing called I think they
call it ginger bug where it's like a
fermented Ginger product and I washed it
really well I just nip some of the tips
off ah you don't need to peel it but
what I do is I will crush it open it up
you know get the juices going then we'll
use these Peppers uh I don't go cutting
them up otherwise I'd be wearing gloves
but I just have them to open them so
I'll cut the top off you don't need that
and I cut the bottom
off I don't wash it because
um it tends to wash off the outside skin
tends to have a lot of its own yeast on
it and that's uh that's very good for
fermentation as well and then I like to
cut it into into a big quarter like that
I cut a little bit of the of that off of
the the inner core I think it can make
it a little bitter sometimes the Rind uh
it's a little Woody but if it's real
ripe it's kind of good I don't go crazy
I just cut like a a/ inch of that little
corner off you see all right and then I
just cut it up in the pieces all right
nice chunks we'll do that with all of
them pop the old brown sugar in I'm
going to add a little bit of water now
so I'm just going to get a little bit of
water in here not much cuz as we put the
more pineapple in we won't know how much
liquid you know we don't want it to be
too full and I'll just give it a little
Shake I just want to dissolve the
sugar and the brown sugar it'll sweeten
it not that you know pineapple is plenty
sweet but it it'll sweeten it and it'll
give it a nice dark
color they use another ingredient in
Mexico I believe uh brown sugar is an
alternative I forget what it was called
which uh I get what's it called that one
more time for the camera Rick fono yeah
now we got that all mixed up we'll add
some more pineapple
in okay b b i got this cool little tool
that this company called Kut Source sent
me it looks like a giant we'll go get it
come on and it's for a fermentation say
you're making sauerkraut or I want to
use it I just want to break muddle up
that pineapple a little keep things down
yeah that can't hurt you
know all right Ginger I mean uh cinnamon
right in
there we'll give it a nice little Shake
over the sink V and we'll muddle it back
down Crow Source if you were to taste
that now it'd be very very sweet but
when it ferments the bacteria and yeast
um eats a lot of the sugar so that's it
I'm going to add just a splash more
water there we go fermentation you know
a lot of jars aren't made for
fermentation and you kind of get what
you pay for it's worth doing a little
research cuz a lot of glass bottles are
just decorative if you ferment on those
uh things will blow up on you get very
dangerous yeah Vinnie things have blown
up on me all right I don't want to talk
about it what was it that blew up was it
thee or was it oh no that was the uh
basement Brusco that was a failed
attempt at making a homemade Hooch I
took the bottle I went to open it boom
thing turned to sand so be careful by
and that wasn't in a fermentation grade
bottle you live and you learn all right
so we're set here you're going to let
this sit room temp it'll start to Bubble
uh it should be very active come
Monday yeah this is the Shop Vinnie
don't screw it
up it's going to blow up in my
face all right not as much bubbles as I
thought let's give it a little stir I
see all those bubbles coming up that's
all the fermentation happening so now
what we're going to do we're going to
strain this and then you could drink it
straight from there what I like to do is
I I'll put it into these fermentation
bottles so I'll cap these and we'll put
them back on the counter for about 2 3
days and uh that's where it'll it'll
start the
carbonate oh yeah it kind of smells a
little bit like a it's a little yeasty a
little beer beer I don't know if that's
a word but uh it is today
folks uh this is not a new shirt Vinnie
thanks for asking had this for a while I
picked it up at a good old secondhand
store and check out those details look
so it's got all these little threads on
the inside looking a little like you
know I don't know and on the outside it
just looks like I don't know that's cool
man it's one of my best shirts right
video I wore today for the show all
right back to business Vinnie now we're
just going to pipe this stuff into the
bottles look at that nice no spills no
spills all
Thrills now just like with the I don't
know if You' seen the kombucha video and
I really just want oh God oh God oh cut
cut Vin whenever you're doing a
fermented beverage in glass bottles you
want to leave like a solid inch of head
space on the top of the glass what that
does is give room for the the pressure
to build back up and reconstitute itself
into the liquid I believe but it also
prevents it from exploding and then that
you just want to
cap and you want we're going to let that
hang out back in the fermentation uh
station over there for about three or
four days three days let's do two let's
do two and a half three days you know I
was even thinking you might be able to
add water to this and and do it again
you know uh this is a test kitchen so
maybe we'll do
that
oh a little spicy that's that uh the
ginger and the habanero that we put in
there but that's nice I like that and
it's got a little bit of sweetness but
not as sweet as you would think given
that we put a cup of brown sugar and
pineapple which is super sweet to begin
with but there's enough sugar in there
for the second fermentation to create
the carbonation It's Magic Vince nothing
short of magic I like to rinse them off
because you know I don't want to have be
sticky and stuff you know it's how you
get ants any forget the numbers but I
think uh the population of ants to
humans on Earth is like 100 to one or
something so uh we'll come back and
we'll uh we'll pop some bottles and
we'll taste it the the finished product
come back in two days
we don't need no big through we mic
ourselves up look at that mic job should
have been a
spy oh
wait how did I do it last time oh that's
it oh no that's not it so where we leave
off I added a little bit of brown sugar
like 2 tablespoons just to give it a
little food it's very active as you can
see lots of bubbles going on in there so
I'm going to pop the top and it should
be pretty
active oh yeah la
so it works we got a nice little
secondary we'll bottle that up just like
we did with the first so doing two
rounds you can double your yield nice I
have one in the fridge Vinnie you want
to chill it before you open
it oh yeah carbonation pineapple Ginger
is very active you only want to go we
went 2 days and it seemed like it it
worked out just
fine oh yeah that's the stuff well kind
of smells like beer a little little a
little yeasty in a good way
pretty nice little sweet you get that
chili It's a uh a fermented drink so it
has like probiotics and it you know
promotes good gut health which we're big
on but if you want to get a little wild
this would go really nice with a little
rum maybe even a little tequila it's
afternoon we can start drinking kab hi
ah are you kidding
me little
Pacifico we're going to do a little beer
in
there not the beer you know it's nice
it's nice you make your own it's got a
nice Funk slash sweet didn't I say that
there you go oh that's pretty good I
love
it this is really good to drink that all
summer long oh you heard it here
first now a brief word from our
sponsors oh what's that VIN oh we don't
have any sponsors but man we got some
good Beverages and uh bone
Appetit hey me what you doing what's up
bud why you go ahead and taste that for
me it's not poisonous close your eyes
where are you on the
beach toache with a little bit of
Pacifico in it oh all right let's
go try to find rppo no wo you know where
rppo is no no I'm not going in there no
way dude you got to respect a man's
boundaries all right we try it huh we
got a couple
look at that ship Vinnie up there by a
Statue of Liberty almost looks like a
science research vessel that's where
we're going to shoot next Vinnie little
place called Ellis Island