I'm getting ready to make a corn squash
stuff with ratatouille so let me get the
rest until we going and then I'll
explain how to prepare the a Quinn
squash I'm pouring about a quarter of a
cup of olive oil in my frying pan you
don't want to put in too much because
the egg plant absorbs a lot of oil and
then you tend to add more oil and then
you have a greasy mess so add less than
you think going to heat that up a little
bit and I can talk a little bit about
this acorn squash it looks like this
when it's hold when you cut it in half
it's full of seeds you have to scoop the
seeds out with a spoon and then I found
that the easiest way of cooking them is
by wrapping each half in saran wrap they
were plastic wrap putting it in
microwave on a plate on a microwave-safe
plate for about seven minutes let it sit
for about a minute so you don't burn
yourself and then carefully pull up the
plastic wrap and you have your acorn
squash fully cooked the old way frankly
I used to be seeing it in the oven in
about an inch of water and that used to
take more time and then your head all
the water so these are perfectly cooked
acorn squash and they will become the
receptacles for the ratatouille so first
from adding chopped up onion and garlic
stirring that around so in this fall
I've got chopped up eggplant and
zucchini and tomatoes and red peppers
and I've tried to cut them all about the
same size about a quarter inch if you
choose a half inch try to make the mole
a half inch the uniformity of the
vegetables means that they will all cook
at the same time and you went on deck
with some that are cooked and some that
are not cooked it also looks much more
attractive and will fit into the cavity
of the acorn squash better so now our
vegetables are in lost a few stir that
around so all the vegetables are covered
with the oil and the onions and the
garlic you can start to smell it as the
heat hits everything give it a little
hit of salt and a little pepper salt
actually need to cook faster besides
giving it flavor then you lower the heat
after you've got that all done whoops
slow in the heat you cover your pan and
let it cook slowly for about 10 minutes
then you check on it every once in a
while to be sure that it's not sticking
to the pan and resisted the temptation
to add more oil because you really don't
need it it will all and cook down
perfectly just like it is
this is the ratatouille that's all
finished and actually cooled off a bit
I'm going to taste it and see what it
needs are really good going to add a
little more basil Prussian really can't
have too much basil stir it up and then
fill the cavities of this acorn squash
that I've cooked in advance
excuse my fingers sometimes you can't
avoid using your hands and there you go
you have a lovely side dish you have a
main dish for vegetarians you can cut it
in in half again and it's a wonderfully
filling and healthy vegetarian dish
you