[Music]
I'm John the Builder and welcome to my
[Music]
world today I'm going to talk to you
about stairs why do we need stairs well
how do I get from this deck all the way
to the ground I need need a set of
stairs to do that here we have a set of
stairs that are under construction
they've just been started yesterday we
cut the stringers which is the structure
of the steps that was hold it up and in
order to lay out the stringers and
figure out how to get from this height
down to this height we have to figure
out what that height is first we first
take a measurement from the height here
to the ground we divide it by8 which is
4 point whatever we'd have to go 8 in
four times plus an inch to get up here 8
and a qu is the code in most towns you
can't have a step with a rise any higher
than 8 and a/4 in so what I would do is
I would divide this by five okay and
then that would give me 6.95 in right
per rise that means I have to rise 6.95
in five times to get up here from down
here I have to determine two things the
rise and the Run most runs are around 10
in to 12 in in this is an 11-in run why
is it an 11in run because we're using
this material decking material to make
the Treads and we want to use two pieces
these pieces are 5 and 1/2 in each so
two pieces means 11 in on five Rises we
go up 1 2 3 4 five times that means we
go up five times but the fifth time is
the surface we're trying to get to so
what we want is a Stringer I showed you
before we're going to make with four
four Treads we're going to make these
runs smaller than 11 in so there's an
overhang we want a/2 in overhang we're
going to make a 10 and 1/2 we're going
to use a framing square or a carpenter
square or a speed square an invaluable
tool for any Carpenter you lay out
6.95 which is right there and close to
seven and then you lay out 10 and 1/2
over here make a Mark here make a Mark
here that's the top tread 10 and 1/2 on
the bottom of the wood now seven and
continue that line
down this line doesn't count this is the
top that's that's one tread now we're
going to go 6.95 Again by 10
1/2 now we just went down another one
and we'll just continue like that till
we get to the bottom this what you see
here is what I was doing
now this is your
6.95 this this is your 10 and 1/2 each
time but if you notice this is much
narrower the reason is we're using this
material for the surface for the Treads
and the first
step has to be cut the width of this off
the bottom otherwise it would be this
much too high this is a composite wood
that never needs painting it stays
bright white and then we cut this out
and we apply it to the sides of the one
on the left and the one on the right of
the staircase this way the staircase is
finished and on these
risers we'll use the same material only
we'll cut it down to go across the
risers so you'll have a nice closed set
of steps instead of open where you know
things debris and animals can get in
there we don't want
that these are all screwed off you'll
see the stringers you see the concrete
haunch that I told you about and here's
the white on the side as the finished
and when the decking go when the decking
goes on the Treads we'll fill in with
white here this is the Run we will rise
with white and it'll be a finished set
of steps like I came down in the
beginning of the program I'm John the
Builder until next time you can go to
ask johab builder.com ask me any
question you want and if you have a good
question we'll do an episode on it
[Music]