hey guys jack scalfani here and we're
getting close to drawing a winner that's
right hundreds of you went to cooking
withjack dcom registered to the website
and wrote me and said Jack I can make it
to Nashville I want to go on the
barbecue Wars tour with you so uh I'll
be choosing a winner on March 1st be
ready for that the other thing is I will
put the promo video at the end so you
guys can uh can see what the promo is
all about and I think that's about it
are you guys ready to get started how to
make chichones or cracklings or pork
rinds or whatever you want to call it
whatever it is it's delicious I've never
made it we're going to do it first time
on the show let's get
[Music]
started so we're going to be using a pot
to cook our our um Chet dones in uh but
before we get started I wanted to show
you this there's a company called
tetan and they created this splash guard
let me grab my old splash guard they get
all dinged up and over time my mom
raised me on this she'd make pasta sauce
all the time and uh we would always put
this over the pot of pasta sauce CU
pasta sauce splashes all over the stove
the back of the wall all that so this is
like an old one right well they have
this really high-tech looking one let me
open this up for you so here it is and
the handle I love this the handle pops
out when you want to put it away it
folds up
and you can still see what's going on in
there cuz there's a screen in the center
so I'm going to use this on today look
at that that's built nice I'm going to
use this today as a splash guard as I'm
cooking the the pork in the pot and it
starts to pop and grease starts to go
everywhere and I'm going to use this you
guys are going to see me use it they
sent me two of them and you know what
that means that's right if you live in
the United States and you want my second
one all you have to do is go to uh
cooking withjack do.com and register to
my website and just tell me uh in a
private contact us message that you're
interested in the second one this is
called a splatter guard okay so there
you go let's get started so I'm going to
cut mine in
half and I'm going to put it
in strips like
this okay and then you want to take it
and you want to score
them don't want to cut all the way
through but you want to partially cut
through
them okay then you flip it I do the same
on this side try not to cut all the way
through so there you go you want to Salt
it
heavily Perfect all right go and place
your meat in the water we're going to
soak all our
meat one to 2 hours all right don't
worry 100% of the salt ain't going to
get into the meat but a lot will so
here's the
setup we got water in a pot I had to get
a bigger pot the one I grabbed wasn't
big enough so you want to put enough
water in there and get it boiling to
cover all the meat so we're going to
take the meat out of here and drop the
pork right in here and you just want
enough water to cover all the pork okay
so here's the exciting part I'm going to
start placing the meat in now that the
water's boiling
place all your meat in there and it's
going to render out fat into the pan so
there'll be no water and nothing but a
little bit of pork fat at the bottom and
we're supposed to fry it from there so
it all happens in this pot not sure if
this shows up on camera but you can see
the fat being rendered out of it I
wanted to show you a transition shot
okay guys we have just pass we're in the
spot where it turns from a boiling sound
to a fry ing sound so it's now becoming
a frying sound so you're going to want
to let it start frying
up so I got a really bad feeling about
this this pot is going to get destroyed
I'm going to have fun cleaning it but we
we shall see how it turns out all right
guys this this is popping this is
popping so we're going to use our uh
splatter guard and we'll check in a few
minutes so what I've been doing here is
coming in here and moving these pieces
and flipping them again and again you
want to cook them all the way down if it
starts to get somewhat signs of darkness
and it's not done yet lower your flame a
little bit so I lowered the flame now's
the good now's the fun part fun part is
where I add the seasoning so I'm going
to grab some of
my I have this mosquite that I got from
the Amish mosquite seasoning I'm going
to throw that in there right now
and get that on the you can season black
pepper you can season with pretty much
he wants whoop set the alarm off okay so
you know you're making good crackling
when the smoke alarm goes off there it
is guys chicha dones crackings pork rind
whatever you want to call it it's
delicious and it's and they're they're
rock
hard but they're brittle still see they
still break easy they'll break up in
your mouth just fine I miss this back in
California you're walking into any K
cityas and they would be cooking this
right behind the counter you get a big
bag full of these so good so good all
right so let's try one right
[Music]
now so there it is guys give it a try
it's one pot piece of cake I will see
you guys in the next episode episode
take care
bye-bye okay I finally got to tell you I
just got the ink dry on the agreement
and it's a done deal that's right
barbecue Wars is going on the road I'm
taking on the road and it's called the
Grilla grills barbecue Wars tour here's
the details join me Jack scalfani as I
take barbecue Wars on the road that's
right March 13th 14th and 15th we'll be
hitting seven of the best barbecue
joints in the South I can't tell you
which placees we're going to cuz I don't
want them know we coming did I happen to
mention I get to take one of you with me
oh I want to go can I go no I got to
take one of them seriously seriously
shoo that's right if you can get to
Nashville Tennessee by car playing boat
or big wheel I'll take you with me in
the sauce mobile I'll feed you so much
barbecue food it will come out of your
ears and just to make this trip even
better I will have a brand new Grilla
Grill Silverback smoker waiting for you
at your house when you get back home can
you believe it I'm giving the grand
prize viewer a chance to hang with me on
a 3-day barbecue eating Extravaganza and
you get a Grilla Grill Silverback smoker
to top off the whole event listen
carefully here's how to enter to win
register at cookingwithjosie
I will randomly choose one of you to be
my guest and to receive the grand prize
a Gilla Grill Silverback smoker so do it
right now go to cooking withjack