YouTube what I'm going to show you in
this video is my oregano is a joke I
heard once when's the best time to for
anyone to plant oak tree well you know
the answer is 30 years ago and they say
when's the best time to for you to plant
an oak tree and that's now and that kind
of reminds me of oregano I didn't know
much about it when I first started
growing it I can tell you one thing it's
probably the slowest growing thing you
can grow from seed as far as you know
like a herb or whatever let me show you
my oregano you know they're pretty
itty-bitty plants and these ones have
been growing for five months believe it
or not you know I'm not gonna be picking
these anytime soon it's late September
I'm just gonna let these go I might
leave a few outside and take my chances
with those but I'll probably take a
couple of them inside as well and you
know just they should be fine inside
outside who knows but you know after
putting all this time into this I
definitely want to make sure they keep
going but uh that's the main thing that
you're about uh oregano is they just it
takes forever to grow from seed a lot of
people recommend you buy the plants
already growing at the garden store
that's probably what I'd recommend if
you're if you want to be eating oregano
you know that Sam here that's probably
what you do um you know these ones I
grew from seed you know I had some fun
but I would have been more fun if they
grew faster I actually started
some oregano from the same batch of
seeds in the early spring like around
March or April but you know I had some
problems when I took them outside the
cold just shocked them you know I could
have been a little bit more careful I
wasn't and they died so I ended up
playing these ones you know right after
that and you know okay to me but I just
wish they were quite a lot bigger so
that's about it we just saying with
oregano be patient or buy some they're
already been growing but hopefully next
year I'll be pulling some you know
bigger ones from these these are
actually a Greek oregano it's exactly
the same species of plant as the Italian
it's just sort of a different type I
guess you can spell it faintly but this
is actually one of the few herbs they
say is more strong when it's dried and
more flavorful you know a lot of people
don't really eat them fresh and you know
I found the same thing with basil too
you know if you let it dry out a little
bit and then sprinkle it on I just seem
a little more flavorful so I'm gonna let
these grow I'll probably be you know
splitting them up taking some of them
inside right here I got one too before I
got about five so-called big plants and
I got I don't know some stragglers down
there I'm probably not sure what I'm
gonna do with those anyways that's my
view on oregano you know I see a lot of
people will sell a big plants and you
know they're just great I'll just have
to wait one of the reasons I bodies
their seeds was that their perennial
plant I love growing perennials anyone
who's seen some of my other videos you
know you know I love perennials I love
my asparagus my horseradish my mint you
know things like that in Roebuck and you
know I hope next year I have a better
yield out of these and then I can really
enjoy them anyways that's my view on
this and let me know how you have some
of your experiences with growing oregano
thanks for watching
you