[Music]
there's a celebrity in the
[Music]
kitchen it's celebrity season on
Creative
cooking now let's look in on today's
celebrity guest well it's the e to the L
to the V to the a y yay what's up mais
now everybody know me as comedian but
you know when it come to food a joke
always I think about food always I think
about food cuz me a thinking person what
food you thinking about now but thinking
about cooking up you know one of my S
dish for the people it's a pasta and
trim tossup with vegetables and you know
all the natural goodness from out of the
style yeah that okay well guess what
it's over to you just so just so me
everything in charge I'm in charge you
in charge to start off I preheated the
pot so that means Li fire underneath it
for those of you who don't know cooking
like myself and now we're going to add
the H we can't say hi
no we very much understand you can be as
generous as you want or as little bit as
you want and spread it out spread it out
make it drizzle up all over the front
know what I mean so you start with your
seasonings wo I wish you could have hear
that that just sounds smashing wo make
sure you get everything in them there
I'm putting in onions now you can chop
them up as fine or as big as you want
it's not religion you so you shop a
curry go right a curry and make sure B
some buy some my little garlic well I
use a lot of garlic garlic good for you
garlic good for people
smell them can't smell what we smelling
inside pepper Scotch banet if you're not
into pepper if you're allergic to no
Chet leave it Al all that all of this
cuz I like Pepper for oh jeez while you
cook Ela tell us we want to hear
something about you you know about your
career I started in 205 in Washington
and that was the highlight of my career
to date we go up on the stage we not
have no material it was my first time
and
after yeah so said good work with this
and prom my
money do this every day from primary
school you know and you weren't being
paid I wasn't being paid people all used
to go primary school with me Alpha girls
you were getting stuff for free yeah no
more
Ching all right Maisy assistant Maisy I
this is cook no what is yeah I I did
some deining and washing and prepping
some shrimp oh God I wish could have
smell nice and and
smooth I can take off it yes please take
off the wrapper ladies and gentlemen Ma
on wraps the shms ah you want me please
be my
gu no I am just helping around the
kitchen now shrimp is something that's
easy to cook but you have to be careful
yes you have to make sure say cook
through still so if you want turn on
your fire turn up to you but
at the right us cook when you get that
pretty pretty right that pretty pinky
looking we need smell vision for the
people the garlic and the onion and the
and the scon and the time I talk to the
shrimp talk to the shrimp
say we like you remember now this is
quick and easy do take too long girl
have move so this is some sweet peppers
green sweet peppers I have red as well
you can use either or both you know what
I mean sprinkle it liberally
make it
be I have some red ones here right nice
and
juicy you see that look colorful and
nice man tell me about the favorite not
have no favorite joke to me Caribbean
people are storytellers this is some o
putting in I telling a story even as a
cook Caribbean people are storytellers
so the nature of our compy is like a
storytelling thing you know what I mean
this now is some Tomatoes Tomatoes PL
Tomatoes you cut plumy tomato but you
don't know things already get the plum
tomato find dinner tomato SCE
it the difference Tom Tom may you know
Tom salad this is some carrots just want
FL
crunch plus
remember shrimp is not a man cheap so
you
see up up the pot up the pot yes sh
among people so get a one shrimp and
then some car and so I want to put some
soy sauce on it just to give another
kick you know I mean so you just
sprinkle this
[Music]
liberally
sty Chef sty
after just said TOS of salt you don't
want too much and remember now if you
have fres and them what your salt black
pepper Grace Black Traditions black well
go little bit scotchy already you you
want overo the thing this is some um gra
spaghetti that we cook before and drain
and so you know you don't want too much
M put it in for you yes thank you Ma I
would be
deled yes let me help you
sh yeah
that
Ser want everybody mix up in
prop you see you get everybody mix up
mix up imagine when you finish work and
you come on to a meal like this I want
tell you say is this can feed about six
people yes and everybody's full but this
for me is a meal need it cook some mix
up some gra cockp right with little
water you know elasticate thing
stretch put salt in already haveing but
you want wet Mi your pasta right so I'm
pour this in now liberally
generously scooping down all the
goodness million dollar flavor it gives
you know yep right
there nice what you what sh good and
then I'm adding some Gra coconut milk
what an awesome product me put coconut
milk in everything I fry a on it of
course up the
flavor girl you see that you see the
thickness combine with garlic oh yeah
they don't believe the hype they tell
you about this and that and hot and
thing coconut is good for you and then
when you stirring the broccoli in yes
because I'm going to put my broccoli
last cuz I like it with a little crunch
if you like it you know s you could put
them when you put in your string beans
but me like little crun so that's about
it my broccoli has to have a little I
could take out the dish for you yes that
nice thank you assistant am you
certainly earning your
keeper all right I think we can turn off
that now safely if you stay like me you
put a napkin on your LP and you just put
the pot in your lap and watch TV you
know what I mean wow am you see this
and everything Veggie we have some
drinking you want me get Dr you brought
drinks come with long come with
something the drink we have is Grace
Blends mhm since we finished cooking now
people this is the pasta and shrimp
tassel but before you go what is the
funniest thing that ever happened to you
on stage on stage very recently I was
making my grand entrance on stage and my
shoes caught it was a board stage my
booty catching one of the board I'm drop
right
back no that could be dangerous but I
have cushioning I'm good cion up and it
became a part of the routine because I
immediately took the shoes off and throw
them to the side and said people if your
right hand offend you where the Bible
say do cut it off and said then if your
boot drop you where you do here then
fling it off so me fling it off and me
continue with my work the world yeah
that's what we do as communi no I tell
you that that is a good one it is indeed
a pleasure working with you Ela thank
you really need to spend more time in
theity most definitely most definitely I
will come back anytime you want me just
hello it's celebrity season on Creative
cooking hope you're enjoyed the show and
that you look in every Tuesday and
Friday evening at 7:50 p.m. on CVM TV as
our Jamaican celebrities show off their
culinary skills on Creative cooking
[Music]