hi I'm Alan McDonald with overeducated
painters and I'm here today to talk to
you about picking the right color for
your bathroom of course we have our
handy dandy fan deck with just a couple
thousand colors here and that's just one
manufacturer and there's about four or
five others that you have to choose from
too so getting a general idea is a great
start what do you have in your master
bedroom do you want to have the same
flow coming in some people want the same
color but one trick that I've got to
tell you about is the color that you
have in the bathroom is going to be
reflected upon you in the mirror so if
you have green walls in your bathroom
your skin tone is going to look a little
green so for your ladies here you might
not want to put your makeup on in a
bathroom where the walls are green who
knows what you're going to look like
when you go outside so it's just picking
the color that you like and that you're
gonna enjoy and very importantly don't
use a flat sheen use at least an
eggshell or if it's a children's
bathroom where there's gonna be lots of
water hitting the walls make sure it's a
semi-gloss because semi-gloss is much
more cleanable and scrub a bowl and
it'll withstand up to getting hairspray
on the walls and you can just kind of
wipe it off nice and easy instead of if
you use flat you'd have to repaint
pretty much every 3-4 months for a kids
bathroom so again I'm Alba MacDonald
with overeducated painters talking to
you about picking the right color for
your bathroom
you