[Music]
hi folks
it's Saturday the 1st of April and we
are I'm going to pop up my dahlias it's
a bit of a crazy Dave Redmon's have five
minutes of the plot literally and then
that's on my day is you can carry away
what you do in
home so I'm going to do some of these
because I've got a lot sorry to confess
because it's been so heavy downpour
right
you're got some really cool ones chosen
by my daughter tell she's five years old
so I got these pots and got them in the
typical orange like the other one I just
had they like to pound fifty each
these ones which is as deep as a daily
needs to be what you need to flip this
really and 25 centimeter pots but one
pound each so I bought new ones of those
so I only do these and owl is breaking
up some pallets and I want salgo them
settled I'll show you how I call my
daily is and then I am going to put some
of my potatoes in pots as well and then
I've already recorded something my peas
in the drink so I like that one as well
okay alright apologies for onion alan is
taking apart the pellets is said okay
pop now i've about half filled this way
of compost nothing special just normal
couples and then you get your tuba and
you want to make sure that the neck that
you can see where it's been cut off that
is at the top and that is just sitting
de peraleda sort of literally like so so
face that in your pot i always give it a
little wiggle that's me
if you find in your bags you get little
G bit like pieces of the Chivas that
have fallen off they won't grow you
can't grow from the tubers than the bits
that have befallen off the side so don't
worry about them just discard them it
won't hurt plant anyway so I'm gonna
fill that up though some people have I
can very particular mixes of compost
that they'd grave hidden is in and I
don't I find that they do great in
anything really I don't agree with
competition sorry about trade
right a bit of that kind
I just love the flowers say as you can
see you can just see it sprout at the
top and that is all covered it's not
right to the top why do with this now
cuz I keep these indoors I actually keep
them in my bedroom
which is going to be a bit full this
year so very understanding husband so I
fill these and keep them in the bedroom
I am for when they're sprouting and then
I don't plant my dailies on - they're
about 18 inches tall but what I will
start doing from say mid to late April
is I'll start bringing them out in the
daytime and then put the middle again at
night and I'll do that until mid-may
or until they are a sufficient height
that there was a boost and slip damage
and also is really the most important
Lord Aeneas is but wonder slugs do love
them which is why I lift mine every year
and last year's one was rotted because
the shed was damp
I lift them every year because the
swords but also they are really
susceptible to frost just one frost and
you'll knock all your foliage out will
go black so cover them or keep them
indoors until the frost is past sight if
you're even in doubt don't do it okay so
I'm gonna carry on I'm gonna do the rest
of these and also when you've got this
many make sure you label your plants
alright I said I'll show you and where
these sprouts from from on these daily
achievers so can you see these little
pinky purple but and there - that's
where than the new shoots for this
year's flowers will come from so that's
why we always need to cover above that
so it's just this bit sharing so that
they're protected whilst it's taking its
energy from the tuber and then they'll
shoot up sorry yeah okay so I've done
about ten so far over ten twelve to go
so just carry on and do some more right
all of this year's day is done potted up
as you can see everyone's labeled heads
are just sticking out the top you're not
going to water them until they start
shooting up and keep them warm in the
tray
that's gone quite okay keep them warm
and but not really warm and just don't
let any Frost get to you them any good
sunlight to okay your house destroyed
some pallets outside the garden they
when the trains aren't going past it's
very peaceful so yeah it's quite a nice
place nice to sit here in the summer
with the fence down hot from when a
fisherman sits there and stares directly
into our house drives me mad anyway I'm
gonna call it a day and I might do the
potatoes bit and add it on tomorrow
either that or I'll save that is another
clip - and add on to next week's one now
I don't think we're gonna get off the
plots morose we have to get the car back
so for now from me and all of my daily
Asst and oh one pimp Laurie go I've got
a little shoot in there and that bTW is
my horseradish which will be kept
contained don't worry it's not going to
give them free run of the plots um I'm
really excited about the hallway ready
smash I'm the peas are in here and you
can see through the monkey cover there's
all the beetroot way too much of it the
chocolate cosmos all sprouting again now
easy and it just see them at the back
I'm leaving that rugby in the following
box in pop it
spring onions are starting and then they
was alas there in the broad beans I use
Jack's magic but I said it wasn't them
say the name but they do I use just
magic yeah these need earth or not now
these are my errand pilot first Ernie's
that I planted on the on st. Patrick's
Day I think it was about realizing
that's the traditional data
I just plumb them I just did it then so
yeah okay found clear everything up I'm
gonna see all the little person issues
how to sit this book so okay alright
thanks for watching see you soon
[Music]
I'm showing some piece it is Thursday
the 20-something much and I'm doing the
guttering method and if there's one
vegetable in our family that we never
ever have univille oh can you still see
anything kinda high okay
if there's one vegetable in the family
we never have enough that never gets to
preserving or freezing stage at peace so
this year I'm going to grow as many as I
can and my favorite P and it's a first
early variety but I actually grow this
successional E is a variety called
twinkle
I love these they're real they really
pop they're really sweet they're really
fresh and we seed the bottoms as well
you can't make people and see part of
the really nice here and then I will
follow that on with early on wood seeds
and which are my books and so what I've
got here these are ones that I've never
grown before a variety I've not used but
I know a lot of people rave about the
leaves are green and their worst green
shaft and their parent lis very very
nice it's just starting to rain so I've
got to hurry up but here there's my
twinkle and I have put tape over the end
of each piece of gutter and yeah I
couldn't find my duct tape so just use
masking tape but it's not gonna last
long then I removed around it'll be fine
so and then I've literally sprinkled
them across the top I'm not space the
mouths don't do anything because we like
a lot and they will grow fine
and then I'm going to do the same for
that piece and then this short one here
for now is going to be the Greek her
screen shaft this new tripod looks
really wonky but it's one of those
vendor ones so it should stand still
because it's really windy it's locking
the bench okay so and what I do first I
may be really careful when I do this
when I've got my good ring an apron to
the top I put a good or inch layer of
compost in so let me use these green and
her plant in here and these wonderful
Wilkinsons I don't pay full price for
any monsters I've bought these at the
end of the year and I think I've made
and P or fifty people this big right at
the end of the year for next year makes
so then literally spending them along
the OCD part of me still wants to
separate them out there I knew that it
doesn't really matter because they'll
they'll make their own way but it makes
me twitch
[Applause]
okay well I made a bit of a free pass on
this compost this is Jack's magic
compost as you can see it is beautiful
quality it is lovely and I brought it
because I had a lot of people rave about
it and I read on the bag
seaweed enriched and for some reason I
didn't check and it's not peat free it's
not and I feel bad but I've got to use
it so it's going in
I wish you can see the light out here
now because we're having a little bit of
rain a little bit of sunshine and it's
really warm it's nice the light is that
kind of evening orange light okay it
won't end
and then I just gently Pat it down leave
a bit more in the middle here don't fill
it right up to the top but it's so much
that when it does settle it's not going
to change too much water and a liver
train and that's it for now and that is
going to go in no that is going to go in
my on my rack level in here these peas
growing outside
I haven't they're really good bulky peas
they're not leggy or anything and
they're not suffering from the cold I've
not covered these at all and then and
these are my potatoes these are my
errand pallets that's really starting to
rain now and I'm going to leave those
into the weekend to earth
it's rush hour so you get all the trains
sorry
I said some rocket and salad leaves in
here early today and these are my rock
and radish and broad beans looking I see
zombie third lot of broad beans i
staggered them a lil bit and they are my
beetroot which I was not expecting to
get such germination rates from so now
I've got quite an excessive amount of
beetroot so I can see all my friends and
family having something okay so that's
the whole screen shaft
these are twinkle I'm going to do these
and then cover them before as well and
I'll wait for now and then I like this
on to another video that I make at some
point in the week okay so thanks for
watching bye for now
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
you
[Music]