hi everyone this is a grin chick today
I'm drying mint leaves and I'm going to
dry them a couple different ways I
normally dry them in my dehydrator but I
thought I would dry some also uh hanging
in the dark and see if the heat from the
dehydrator affects the flavor of the uh
dried mint I don't think it does
everything that I've read if you dry on
the lowest temperature setting of your
dehydrator it shouldn't but I'm going to
dry them both ways and I'm I'll let you
know in the comment box below so here is
the ones that I have um drying hanging
in my dark place these have been drying
for um overnight and they're uh they're
just about dry um now I'll be drying me
all summer long as you can
see and um these like these have already
come to seed and you can tell by the
little sea pods here now if you want
your mint to continue to grow all you
have to do is pinch these off because
once these start growing your mint uh
production does slow down and what I
like to do is to
um cut my mint leaves off right here
when you see this shoot growing out if
you'll cut your mint right here off
these leaves off these will produce
better so that's another way to get your
mint to continue to grow really well so
um that's something I like to do also to
get my mint to uh propagate better but I
set my I'll um set my food F de hydrator
on 95 I bring my mint in wash it really
well and I Pat them dry uh each one each
Leaf completely
dry before I put it on my food de
hydrator because I want them to be
completely dry so that the drying time
takes less they take about 2 hours to
dry and this is what they look like
after they're dry they're nice and
crispy and I just hand crunch them and
put them in my jar and it take like I
said it takes about 2 hours for them to
dry the hydrator and I have nice uh mint
tea to drink now uh mint tea has a lot
of great uh health benefits it reduces
irritable bowel syndrome it cleanses the
stomach it helps easing uh asthma and uh
it also reduces the growth of growth of
bacteria and fungus in the body with
regular uh use it combats bad breath it
also when it's mixed with camper it
eases insect bites it's a good blood
cleanser and it's also used in
aromatherapy so uh there's a lot of
great benefits to drinking mint tea so
if you like my videos please click like
if you like my Channel Please Subscribe
until the next time this is a Gro and
check out