hello friend welcome back to Auto
resource YouTube channel in this short
and simple video let's go together and
see how correctly star this pressure
washer from Honda I already added fuel
hearing that fuel tank I've checked
right here that I have enough of oil in
the engine
I have everything correctly hooked to
the pump and I have correct tip attached
to my wand so basically I'm ready start
a job that means starting this lovely
lovely Honda so the next thing will be
to put the fuel valve in the on position
it's also described nicely over there
the next I have to put the engine switch
the main switch in the on position the
next step is move the choke lever in the
start position and as you can see it was
already in the start all the way out and
the next step will be to put on the
starting cord and start this motor now
what the manual clearly says to you what
people might not know after a couple of
seconds like five seconds if it runs you
need to put the choke in the off that
means that way
[Music]
[Music]
I am so fearful that the wounded
politics never started it before and
look how easily injured
whoever this incredible
and you heard me how I got excited I
mean seriously this is brand-new I
pulled a gas in it pulled that leather
once and it immediately started and it
perfectly runs I mean this is a great
stuff
definitely great great tool and this is
only second video about this wonderful
honed a power stroke definitely stay
tuned because I'm starting first job
with this and I will keep using it so I
will refer to you and give you some
update after I will own it and run it
for like a month thanks for watching and
have a wonderful day