I don't think I said good morning at so
good morning first off second off Zoe
and I I don't think I've showed these to
you guys because I bought them years ago
impossible second puzzles but I have you
got it you got it apart I see now you
got to take it all apart you know it's
all apart now you put back together you
got it you took it apart I have all
these metal puzzles oh but I fought
years ago and they're so difficult like
this one is really hard but I can do it
this one has a trick it's really easy
once you know the trick but yeah you
spin it there's little pegs can you spin
it comes apart this one is very
difficult but I've done it this content
that's all I was laying in bed the other
day well the TV was on I was trying to
do them so hard this one's very easy
once you figure it out but I couldn't
get it this one I've done before but I
couldn't get it recently very difficult
I've never done this one this is just a
mess I've done this one before but it
it's more of like remembering how to do
it they align just perfectly and then
that notch right there is a big clue as
to how to do it but anyways this is the
one she's messing with I showed her how
to get it apart and now she's trying to
get back together but yeah yeah let me
see what I can do this one more quick
know what you do is spin it look them
over spin it come to the park see
there's use a little pegs in here so
listen typical typical force it moves
the pegs outside so see how I decide I'm
shake it and flop together okay well I'm
really gonna put down back together have
fun you got it good job okay we've
mastered these three
this one has a bolt from inside the mob
not kiss so he is doing another step on
her dragon coaster see it's gotten a
little take it out you don't have to
eliminate hold it here oh you don't all
right well keep doing that maybe she'll
get it done we'll see and it's going to
I get out a shower and I just got done
running I we're going to make some
guacamole because guacamole is delicious
got the other cocktail use I end up
getting three avocados though don't we
normally use to yeah Benny's walkability
my block morning hey moly um we have
lemon juice in the fridge I was close to
grab a line from the restaurant but I
forgot don't forget everything that's
forgetful me buff so how many times you
forgot milk we got no yeah nope Katie
and I want to come up all right I'm
gonna go shower I'm dripping everywhere
and I feel disgusting and I'll be right
back to make the guacamole moley moley
moley moley moley what no stop alright
trying to make some guacamole marker
look Lois avocado I call them guacamole
a second ago I was all the guacamoles
are really ripe this is coming along
nicely
I'm asking need to be man whoa whoa
going on a toy at the ball Oh blame
everything on me who may so onion onion
failing here onion I don't like your
attitude you packets of guacamole dip
mix I make it taste even better this is
supposed to substitute all the
vegetables is so weird you're supposed
to just take this add lime juice and
avocado and it is complete come on mate
I added more lemon juice thank you I'm
enfant evening but it's delicious delish
what's going on if you broke it you
having trouble are you having trouble
small town small trial trouble
okay shut up it is complete okay let's
go oh oh it does turn by itself doesn't
work it's not going to go I don't know
if I even filmed that all I wasn't with
painting there he'll drop there goes on
there buster and then feed back to the
bottom again and see this is how it does
bottom card see it goes on there and
then it was there and keep turning it
just keep turning it off shopping go and
then click it internal loop it has a
motor but you have to go online to
figure out how to install it we just
don't have time right now because don't
need to get in the shower so we can eat
some dinner but yeah it is complete the
dragon coaster kick ass that that uh
it's the snazzy okay now go shower do
you guys want to know the best way to
keep guacamole because for those even
know it goes bad really really really
quickly put in the baggie like this and
all the air I think that corner is too
late anyways here you hold up you hope
that you roll it all the air out is
dying dying there dying yes see I mean
hopefully not camera miscue many ways
this is goodnight goodnight goodnight
see you guys tomorrow thank you for
watching did you see the dogs on us and
I guess getting your the whole time I
don't know i'm not paying attention to
everything good I don't forget to be
happy and smile
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]