hey everybody welcome to the wolf bed
today I'm going to show you how to make
the most tender juicy and crispy oven
fried chicken you've ever had without a
drop of oil so let's get started I'm
combining self-rising cornmeal salt
chili powder black pepper granulated
onion granulated garlic and we'll get
our hands in here get this all mixed up
now I'm going to dredge all over chicken
pieces in the seasoned cornmeal and the
chicken pieces are just wet with water
there's no milk or egg on once the
chicken is coated I've shaken off all
the excess cornmeal and place it on a
raised rack onto a cookie sheet and now
I'm going to put this into the
refrigerator for one hour
now the reason I put the chicken in the
fridge after its breaded is because it
creates a pellicle which means tacky
skin and that helps it here all the
cornmeal onto the chicken that way it
doesn't all fall off once it's cooked
after an hour in the fridge our chicken
is ready so now we're going to pop this
into a 375-degree oven for about one
hour or until golden brown and
thoroughly cooked and there you have it
this will be the crispiest juiciest most
tender oven fried chicken you've ever
had you'll never need the deep-fried
chicken again I hope you guys give this
a try thank you very much for watching
and we'll see you next time