hey guys so I wanted to give you some
great tips on poinsettia flower care so
if we haven't met yet it's nice to meet
you my name is Kelly Lima and I'm the
owner of cranberry fields flower farm
here in cranberry New Jersey and we'd
like to give you guys lots of free fun
flower tips so if you'd like subscribe
to our Channel and hit the notification
valve so you'll know whenever we have
some new flower tips out so here's my
point zetas and these guys are native to
countries in Central America Mexico and
so they're a very arid plant they enjoy
dry temperatures and they enjoy soil
that's not overly moist so what happens
a lot of times is people get a
poinsettia and they start realizing that
the leaves get all shriveled up and they
look like this and actually a lot of
times when the leaves look like this
it's because they're being over watered
so the trick to watering your poinsettia
is to feel the soil with your finger
just kind of reach in here feel the soil
and if you feel like it's moist to the
touch
then you should add some water if it
feels like it's very moist and it feels
like it's wet do not water it because
the leaves will start to fall off
because it's getting over watered now
this guide the reason why his leaves
were falling off is because I actually
have something that's the beginning of
root rot and what happens with root rot
is it means that I didn't properly drain
the bottom of this plant so most people
during the holidays they get poinsettias
in these festive pots and they're you
know they have the foil on them the
problem is when you water these the
water gets trapped on the bottom and
it's really bad for the roots and once
the root system gets messed up from root
rot it prevents the water from being
delivered up to the leaves so right now
these roots have been sitting in a lot
of water so it got very very um it got
damaged and that's why my leaves started
falling off so I'm gonna fix that now
that the holidays are over what I did
was I found a different pot to transfer
them into so I found this pot but this
pot doesn't have a good drainage system
either so to fix that I added some
pebbles so I went outside
and I just took some pebbles from a
walkway that I had and I added probably
about a cup or two so this way when I do
water this plant is going to have a
little drainage system going on so the
plant will not sit directly inside the
water so when it does come time to water
these what I'm going to do is bring it
to the sink and when you're
transplanting these as well as any
flower what you're going to do is break
up the root system right now these roots
are really really tight they're all
they're all kind of grew together and I
need to kind of loosen them up a bit so
I'm gonna loosen these guys up because
sometimes this is almost like it almost
feels like a rock it gets so tight
together and then the roots can't do
their job which is to bring the water to
the rest of the plant so I'm kind of
loosening up the roots and I'm gonna
give it some water actually I'm going to
do this this is gonna be a little bit
less disastrous here I'm going to take a
mason jar with some water I'm going to
add some water here and I'm gonna let it
kind of drain out of it
so to do that I'm gonna remove the foil
because this pot does actually have some
holes in the bottom so I'm gonna let
this kind of absorb the water now I have
a nice moist soil it's kind of draining
out so I'm gonna lift this gently I have
one of these automated thinks that go
off automatically and it makes me kind
of nutty that's why I keeps coming up
like that so now I'm gonna take this and
I'm gonna loosen up the roots one more
time and then place it in the new
container and I'm actually probably
going to add a little more soil to this
guy when I'm done with this video
because it needs a little more support
so now you guys know how to water a
poinsettia once again you're gonna feel
to see if the soil feels like it's moist
or not if it feels moist leave it alone
if it's starting to dry out you're going
to give it a little bit of water make
sure the water drains out and make sure
the roots have a good drainage system
and poinsettias once again they like a
really warm tropical climate so you're
going to put it next to a window that
gets a lot of Sun and you're going to
make sure that you don't put it too
close to the window because sometimes in
the winter
the plants will get a draft or it'll
actually start touching the windowpane
and it will get really cold on those
really frosty nights so you want to make
sure it gets enough sunlight but it
doesn't get too much draught from the
outside so keep it in a very sunny place
and your poinsettia plants should last a
really long time that way so enjoy the
rest of your day and if you'd like to
join us again please check us out on our
blog at cranberry fields calm and we'll
put the links in the description we also
have an Instagram and we have a Facebook
page have a great day everybody