[Music]
hi this is Christina frell from the
makeup blogger.com and today's question
is how to apply eyeshadow without a base
for teenage girls well my number one tip
is use an ey Shadow pencil these are
amazing All-In-One tools let me show you
how they work the great thing about
these allin1 pencils is that not only
are they long lasting and sometimes even
waterproof but they eliminate the step
and the need for an ey shadow primer
they go on
silky and they're very blendable so it's
really easy for teens who are still
uncomfortable with application to learn
how to put these on they simply place it
and then blend
softly the great thing is if you're not
yet comfortable with letting your teen
wear a darker Shadow like this bronzy
brown you can have them start with
lighter colors such as a champagne a
light pink or even a soft nude these
will help them feel more confident in
their makeup application and in the way
that they look I hope this answered your
question I'm Christina frell from the
makeup blogger.com have a great day
[Music]