what is up guys happy new year 2019 is
upon us and this is going to be video
number two in our series on asbestos now
if you watch the video number one then
we learned what exactly asbestos is a
highly toxic carcinogen that creates
cancer and it's been used in building
materials for a long long time and that
if you suspect you have asbestos in your
home you should have it tested prior to
any remodel removing popcorn ceilings
knocking down walls and yes even
cleaning popcorn ceilings so let's talk
about testing for asbestos
so who actually does the testing here
well because asbestos fibers are
invisible to the naked eye samples have
to be submitted and sent to an EPA
certified laboratory where they can
actually be observed and looked at
underneath the microscope the problem is
is that doing the sample removal
yourself can actually be very dangerous
if not done properly and it's actually
also illegal in certain states in
America and you can be heavily fined for
it if you get caught and in nearly all
states it's illegal to do sample removal
if you live in some kind of attached
housing like apartment complex duplex
etc in those circumstances you'd have to
have like an EPA certified contractor
come out and do the sample removal for
you if however you live in a detached
home so just a regular house and you
find out your state does allow for DIY
sample removal then by all means you
have come to the right video
okay so let's talk about what kind of
supplies you're gonna need for this
endeavor first things first you're gonna
need a good respirator now you want to
make sure it has a notch rating of P 100
and not in 95 and n 95 rating means that
it filters 95% of the particles in the
air which means it allows 5% death to
pass through Saints pretty pointless to
me but a true P 100 rating means that it
filters 99.97% of particles 0.3 microns
and above now how big are asbestos
fibers asbestos fibers range anywhere
from point 7 microns all the way up to
90 microns so if you have one of these P
100 respirators you are golden if you
have no idea where to start looking I
will actually leave one of these
asbestos P 100 respirators listed and
linked down below for you they're
typically like 30 40 bucks the next
things you're gonna need for this DIY
project is an ice chisel or a knife a
spray bottle of water a large ziplock
bag so we're gonna put your sample a
large trash bag some disposable rubber
gloves paper towels a sample of any kind
of paint a paintbrush a pair of safety
glasses and oh yeah
some duct tape before we get started I
just want to say that this video is
primarily for those of you taking the
sample from like a textured wall or
popcorn ceiling you know if you're
trying to take a sample from like an
addict full of insulation you're gonna
be crawling around all that insulation
and stuff then there's gonna be some
more safety precautions that you're
gonna need to take you probably put on
like an entire hazmat suit and an entire
face mask you're just covering your
whole entire face
okay let's get this show on the road so
it's important you follow these steps
exactly and in the exact order as I have
them laid out so first let's get the
sample and then I'll tell you what to do
with it
step number one make sure all children
and pets are far far away from the
sampling area step number two cut your
ceiling fans off shut all your windows
and turn your heater or your air
conditioned into the off position we're
just making sure we don't have air
circulating all through the room while
we're taking our sample step number
three put on your respirator safety
glasses and gloves step number four we
want to spray down the sample area with
water and give it five to ten minutes to
absorb and get nice and soft for us this
will just make it easier to scrape off
and make it less messy spray that down
with water also has another purpose and
that is to minimize the dust that might
be created during the process because
hey wet dust can't fly
think about it you ever driven down a
dirt road on a nice sunny day and sale
the dust flying up behind you drive down
that exact same road when it's raining
and you ain't gonna see nothing in there
step number five hold your bag up to the
ceiling grab your chisel and scrape you
off a small little piece into the bag
you're only gonna need about a
tablespoon per sample step number six
zip it shut step number seven grab a
damp paper towel wipe down your sample
bag really really well and then dispose
of that damp paper towel into your trash
bag step number eight grab your sharpie
or some kind of permanent marker and
we're gonna need to write some
information on our sample bag you're
gonna write the date where the sample
was taken and also give the sample some
kind of unique ID like sample one two
three etc do you do that repeat the
process a couple more times I recommend
taking like three samples per room step
number nine and very important step grab
you a paint sample from like Home Depot
real cheap a couple bucks any kind of
paint will do grab your paintbrush and
what you're gonna do is put on a thick
thorough layer of paint from wherever
you took the sample from what this is
gonna do is just seal that area back off
so you ain't gotta worry
about asbestos exposure in the days to
come and also once you finish applying
the paint to the sample area take the
paintbrush throw to win the trash step
number 10 while you're wearing all your
gear still so you still got your
respirator on your gloves and your
glasses take you a damp paper towel or a
damp cloth now you might have to lay
these out ahead of time a few damp
cloths a few damp paper towels ahead of
time but either way grab you one and
while you're wetting your gear just wipe
down your respirator and take off your
your safety glasses wipe them down wipe
down your your hands wipe down your arms
nothing crazy
you just just kind of give yourself a
superficial wipe down so wipe down your
shirt and your body and your pants and
then take that paper towel or that cloth
and dispose of it into your trash bag
step number 11 take your respirator and
the HEPA cartridges that are inside you
need to throw away into the trash bag
whenever they're used only one time for
asbestos removal they're considered
contaminated and you should consider
them asbestos waste so remove them throw
them in the trash bag along with your
disposable rubber gloves and step number
12 take your duct tape and tape up and
seal off that trash bag from that point
you're going to need to check with your
state and see where you can actually
take this because you can't just take a
speciose waste to a landfill
so now what do we do with our wonderful
samples what you're going to do is go to
a website called asbestos testing comm
I'll leave a link down below the name of
the company is Western analytical
laboratory they're out in California
their EP a certified so they know what
they're doing and they're gonna be able
to give you accurate results
I think they charge like 30 bucks for
the first sample and then 20 bucks for
every sample after that just go their
website it's all simple step-by-step
follow the steps and then what you're
going to do on that website is they're
gonna basically guide you through a
process of filling out a submitted form
fill that form out mail them the samples
and then sit back and wait for your
results and from that point you're gonna
know for certain if you indeed have
asbestos to deal with so that's it
that's all I got for you guys thanks so
much for checking out the video if you
found it valuable and you liked it give
it a big clean with confidence thumbs up
subscribe to the channel for more great
content and until next time guys I'll be
back with video number three in our
series here on asbestos and we're going
to talk about what to do if the test
does indeed come back positive as we
dive into asbestos removal