hey everybody thanks for tuning into
this episode today I want to tell you I
was having a little bit of an issue with
my squash plant we weren't really sure
what the problem was but we didn't want
to find out so we went on Amazon and we
checked out some of their products that
have on there and we found this
three-way soil meter this is made by a
motto and it has three different things
the moisture content the lightness and
the pH and it has a cool little gadget
it doesn't require any batteries it was
really inexpensive on Amazon less than
10 dollars and it's got a doll right
here where you can check all the very
different things so you can turn it this
way for your ph the lightness and the
moisture content and then there's three
different graphs in there and you can
read those so basically all you do is
you just place this in your soil so
we'll go at Moisture we've had three
days of rain here in Florida so moisture
content is pretty high as you can see it
went right up there to the green which
means we're good and for plants that
don't love a lot of water that may not
be good especially if it's been a long
duration like us we've had actually been
about a week of no real sunlight and
quite a bit of rain which is good
because we were in the drought for quite
a while but I just want to say this
product seems to work we're not sure we
haven't done any further testing on it
we know the moisture works for sure but
this would be the first time we tried
the pH part of this and when we put it
in the regular sandy soil we also
realize that it's reading a lot drier so
our gimmick flow is reading wet our
sandy soils reading dry which is typical
so we do know for sure that some aspects
work now on the back of this that has a
graph and it shows you different plants
that you may have in your garden for
instance African violet Rd shows a Lea
Davi tears be going up Amelie adds
cactus and then it also gives you the
lightness ranking of the soil that you
want for desirable soils and your
moisture content as well so it kind of
gives you a step-by-step guide on what
you can do
have a better garden a better plant so
I'll give this the big thumbs up and if
you would give me a big thumbs up and
subscribe for other videos and post in
the comment section in any tips you may
have for gardens and whatnot