[Music]
hi everyone I'm Priyanka and you welcome
to my channel the terrace kitchen today
we see the recipe of Oreo chocolate
milkshake it's very easy to make and it
tastes just like what we get in cafes if
you like this recipe do give this video
a thumbs up and subscribe my channel for
more such wonderful recipes do not
forget to leave your suggestions and
comments in the comment section below
now let's take a look at the recipe so
we'll start with making olio crumb so
here I have taken 10 Oreo chocolate
cream biscuits so I'm going to grind
these along with the cream now grind
these into a fine powder
so this is ready from these Oreo crumbs
I'm going to keep aside 2 tbsp I'm going
to add this to the whipped cream you can
see it later in the video so just
keeping it aside now to the same blender
jar add 1/2 cup chilled milk so this is
boiled and cooled milk but it has to be
chilled I mean very very cool now add
around 1 tbsp chocolate syrup I'm using
Hershey's chocolate syrup 3 Ice Cube's
three to four you can add now here I'm
adding 200ml chocolate ice cream so add
chocolate ice cream of your choice your
favorite brand or homemade now blend
this do not over blend just until
everything is mixed and the shake still
remains thick this chocolate Oreo
milkshake is now ready look how thick it
is and it looks perfect now for the
recreation here I have some whipped
cream it's approximately 3/4 cup of
whipped cream
it already has sugar in it I'm adding
1/4 teaspoon instant coffee powder
followed by the 2 tbsp Oreo crumbs which
we had kept aside give everything a good
mix and our flavored whipped cream is
ready it tastes awesome
so here I've taken a piping bag and a
star piping nozzle and I'm going to
place the nozzle inside this piping bag
you can take a normal plastic bag if you
have it or any other piping bag and now
sell this with this whipped cream
and now comes the final part take a
glass and drizzle some chocolate syrup
using a spoon like this just some random
swirls and now add the shake which we
had prepared finally top it with the
whipped cream the flavored whipped cream
which we just prepared place half or
your full audio for garnishing and again
drizzle some chocolate set up this just
tastes like what we get in the cafe's
don't give this recipe a try and enjoy