red explosion we have 790 pieces to
build the did not catch a fish how's it
going
yeah good so guys today what we're going
ahead and doing is gonna find something
in Walmart to use as a fish trap
yes something we can use as a fish trap
though making my way downtown as you can
see to find out what we can use as a
fish trap today now look around and see
what we can do oh yeah hold on let's go
on the other side
I just thought hunting that we can use
as a fish trap oh my god I think this
could be insane so guys when we went
ahead and passed the first Isle and I
saw something crazy are you ready to see
this oh my god hold on check this up
Legos yes the Lego classic set Oh
unspecial 48 bucks dude this this is
gonna be perfect for a fish trap that's
everything we need right oh yeah
as everything I think I have some stuff
at the house as well this is gonna be
absolutely insane
oh man and we need bait so let's go
ahead and head to the bakery and get the
best possible bait there is oh yeah
that's what I'm talking about look at
all of this bait now we just got to find
the right one
mm oh yeah look at that wall right there
we didn't mean it I think one should do
for coming and another one for the truck
all right so let's go ahead
my very very good trusty friend
Chandler's wallet what's going on guys
now we have made it to the spot with our
bagels that buff 790 pieces to make
potentially the coolest fish trap on
YouTube now I have what I need right
here I have my nature's own butter bread
you know I'm saying butter Oh butter you
know I'm saying so as well as the fish
it's a very very good well known bait
down here for us so have that and I have
this rope I don't know if I'm gonna need
the rope but if I use this rope it might
be able to go ahead and pull back the
trap here I'm screaming because a lot of
people go ahead and start mowing the
lawn when I make videos it's annoying so
anyways now what we're gonna go ahead
and do is I'm gonna put this to the side
and we're gonna build our fish trap
together let's go ahead and aw he's just
going so you guys can do this yourself
you saw where I bought it got it Walmart
volume art and Christmas time is coming
so if you want to get your kid something
cool Legos are pretty awesome so with
that being said look at our stuff
right here we have a ton of things so
its user base I just I haven't played
with Legos in a while just wanted just
just some you don't need all those Legos
come on bro don't be a hog thank you
look at this guy look at him alright go
ahead and open up the pieces hopefully
you don't lose many this door might be
big enough for small stickers and stuff
like that but what's really cool about
that also is another door and I think
I'm gonna have a little lid on top or
actually have that be where the fish
enter and then have a door to close it
so they can feel like they can escape
but they're not going to escape so let's
get the building alright stairs so we're
getting our trap on its way to looking
absolutely awesome and perfect guys you
guys can do this yourself so as you can
see I have
two areas that they can enter but what
I'm thinking about doing is putting
these windows here I think if I can find
them it looks like this little windows
and I'm gonna stick them in here if I
can figure out how to do that real quick
and they're gonna the door it's gonna
pretty much swing open on that side
you'll see in a second guys it'll be
absolutely insane all right guys so as
you can see and with the great help of
my friend Chandler we have completed our
fish trap roughly I can get this through
just about that so we're gonna go ahead
and also some pieces we reinforced with
some Gorilla Glue so unfortunately like
this is like a wanted one and done type
of trap
so guys as you can see there's several
little holes here now I think and I
chose this specific one to be where the
fish make it through and I'm gonna put a
line here and this is what I was talking
about I can close it here and keep it
closed
now also I left these windows open here
and some other spots and crevices like
holes so the bread can go ahead and
dispersed throughout the water and that
sense got to get in there and all the
fish are gonna be able to smell it and
get inside so we're roughly right about
done now we gotta make a roof so nothing
falls away so we're gonna add this all
across like that possibly we're gonna
make it this way kind of connect it
right here this is gonna be the you're
not gluing this we're not gluing this is
gonna be the fragile part where the
other pieces are put away so we're gonna
just add everything here well it's just
puffy up and we'll be on our way
so after very strategic planning we now
have a roof and what's special about
this roof it also has Wi-Fi well we're
gonna go ahead and do is now you're like
wait how are you to get the bread in
here and everything like that what we're
gonna do is but I've got this bread
untwist this come on now we have our
nice good moist bread so we actually had
some pieces in here like so so
we're gonna add it a couple pieces in
here just like that that should be
sufficient enough but I'm also gonna
Chum up the water in a second I'm gonna
show you guys how many fish are actually
in this pond right below it's good to be
crazy so this is perfect I gotta also
add my string so when I pull the string
it will go ahead and close this door and
nothing should be able to get out this
is a pretty good fish trap if I say so
myself what do you think challenge oh
yeah I like the Wi-Fi I love the way fun
don't forget password Joey slam
subscribe you eating bread that's the
baby well so after tying the string and
everything correctly you go ahead and
just close the door just like that so
the fish will get in no problem just
make sure it's just still let the fish
go in as soon as they're in boom closed
little jail cell and we're all set to go
with Wi-Fi I'm proud of this this this
was a pain in my rear but it's got to be
worth it guys let's see what we can
catch
alright so the best way to do this is
once you go ahead and get your weight in
there just watch it under something
really good there's a tube here this is
actually a oh yeah it's a light it's
just a sewage like a coal burning coffee
right here right behind this branch
should work out pretty well
so it's friggin break as you can see and
look at it it's completely lodged in you
see that
that's flawless so I'm gonna go ahead
and Chum them up and move them closer to
our fish trap
all right guys really use our classic
Lego bucket right here gonna call some
water out that should be enough just for
this specific purpose that I use it for
so I'm gonna grab some of this bread
don't get in here soak it give it a good
wash now it's very very very very wet so
it's gonna be like a bread explosion and
that's how we're Chum up our bait
there's a lot of held in aggression
rates it yeah it was a really tough time
building that trap
I know Bert now unfortunately you guys
can't really see the fish boom he'll
come up to the top like this one is
coming up but chandler's been giving me
some help on my camera and so of you
guys so I think I'm gonna go ahead and
press on again for Christmas they moved
so I have to be very still so there's
some big stuff not today you look
closely they're just eating and eating
and eating bigger ones are on top right
there guys right there and that's what
we're looking for some Mayans some sort
of sickness I can fall through right
there there's a whole bunch all right
guys so I'm gonna have to apologize for
the lawn guy being here the entire time
so we know
put in the comments below how evil is
what should happen
shall we capture him with our Lego fish
trap but before we even get to check out
our Lego fish trap so
we have fish around
[Music]
we're still waiting there's so many
freakin minutes going on over there Oh
see they don't know no
wait guys we got one in a hundred
percent we got one in so I'm gonna close
the door
see that I don't know if you guys saw
that but the doors closed and now we're
good to go
dude he went in there he start moving
around bro
we lost our Wi-Fi no love careful brah
I let that fall apart I was in
there I did not catch a fish in a light
rap for him yeah 100% look dude I can't
believe what kinda no no no it's a good
one it's a nice size it's what we're
looking for
he's a little guy he's small oh man
we're gonna have to dismantle our fish
trap all right so we got to continue to
break all this apart and then we're
gonna add it when we got a drop another
one but we got something here right here
yep yeah when you're percent we got
something mister oh my gosh oh that's
not a small fish me no it just it's a
good beat it's a good fish it's a good
fish oh dude I can't get him out oh oh
that's awesome dude this is amazing cuz
if you can see look at this door slips
right in you just step right in here
I'll show you guys again if I can get
this guy out he's absolutely destroying
the fish trap right now I'm gonna show
you guys one more time
look at that housekeeping slips right in
bro it's a perfect perfect fish trap you
just gotta be quick dude they're blowing
look right here they're causing all this
commotion all right little guy see you
later alligator
all right we're gonna go ahead and reset
our trap close it all perfectly and see
how many more we can catch all right so
before I fall down into this pond now as
you can see there's nothing in here
there's nothing in here right now we're
putting in our way to help us think more
bread pieces that's a lot let's break it
up for the little guys we're gonna go
ahead and Chum up the waters one more
time I'm gonna go ahead and close this
thing
fortunately we lost our Wi-Fi first one
more item Happy's wagging his tail it's
cute oh no the fish are exploding right
next to him all right all right he's
actually helping he's chumming it up for
you yeah you're right you know what
let's go ahead and hurry up and get his
fish trap inside so opening the door
saying welcome home everyone's welcome
and we're laying down our fish trap one
more time and hopefully mr. duck will be
the reason why we get a whole bunch oh
we got bait all we got me look at all
that look at that movement there's so
much stuff going on guys right here are
we live oh yeah we're live ninety five
guys you guys can see that a hundred
percent on that movement look at that
right in front of right in front of our
track bro one just swam out you need to
pull that out now I was trying to get it
and I didn't know what was in there you
think I don't pull it out open that
there's one in there he just got out we
missed it can you hold this thing nice
yeah I don't want a word of advice I'm
sure every piece you actually put
besides the top it's super glued because
you don't want to go ahead and infest
the ecosystem with a whole bunch of Lego
dang man we had one here
there's anything oh we got another one
you're kidding no no no dude I can't
believe we just missed it oh my god I
was waiting until he went down is he
dude he's right here I'm breaking mice
in my trap Aziz Veysel oh dude no no
he's small he's a little cute little guy
look at that oh my gosh dude this is
crazy so we're gonna pick up all of our
Lego our trash - that's a round we don't
want to go ahead and leave this trash
Chandler many thanks to you of course
recording and guys don't forget to Like
and subscribe
oh he's going nuts guys and I'll see you
in the next life venture
[Music]
you