hi everybody it's Rob uh from Thailand
teach we're in Thailand um this is the
pool I built and I've had to find good
ways inexpensive ways and natural ways
to clean my pool um so basically what
I'm going to do today uh our water that
we get is mostly well water outside the
field so it's very very strong in
Mineral and what I find is as you can
see here I don't know if you can see it
too clearly but you can see the brown I
let it get brown a little bit all I
basically do is I take just regular
vinegar uh natural vinegar it's uh
hygienic whatever but it's 5% distilled
vinegar I put it into you could have a
little pump container I use a pressure
one so all that's in here is just
vinegar I don't worry about chemicals
because now with just the vinegar
it's much easier to clean now if I just
use the
brush as you can see it still stays
Brown so it's not just the scrubbing of
the brush the vinegar actually
helps
so as you can see it's a quick easy way
uh instead of paying $30 us that we have
to pay in Thailand I'm probably paying
no more than $150 US I'm able to claim
my pool I feel good about my kids
swimming so there's another tip uh my
next tip I'm going to show you how to
clean stainless steel naturally
talk you later