hello friends this is Monica thalaivar
and my today's video is on French
mustard dressing or vinaigrette which is
requested by my one friend so further
dressing I'm going to use 1 teaspoon of
Dijon mustard then 2 tablespoon of lemon
juice here instead of lemon juice we can
use vinegar as well 3 tablespoons of
extra-virgin olive oil then we'll use
salt to taste black pepper to taste for
the emulsification i'm going to use a
jar with the proper title lid there are
some beautiful flowers no not for the
recipe so let's get started so for the
emulsification we'll add each and every
ingredients in the jar so I added
mustard then I'll put the lemon juice in
the jar then the extra-virgin olive oil
yes then I'll add sea salt which is
freshly crushed now I'll add freshly
crushed black pepper that's it
make sure the lid of the jar is tight so
we'll get the perfect result so we'll
just shake it we have to shake it
properly and continuously so that the
each and every ingredients of the recipe
you will get emulsified properly and
we'll get our desired result which is
stressing perfect so I guess it's done
yes so guys our dressing is done let me
taste it first
hmmm perfect so guys this is the
dressing that this racing I made by the
French style where I use one part of
juice with three parts of olive oil
there are other three styles as well
like American style they use one part of
juice with one part of olive oil for the
English style they use two parts of
juice with one part of olive oil for the
Italian style they use one part of juice
with four parts of oil so guys hope you
liked my video if you like my video
please do like it and let me know about
it on the comments section and if you
haven't subscribed my channel yet please
do subscribe and thank you so much