hey youtube this ain't really a prepping
tip it's just kind of a tip in general
this is my battery box as my batteries
for my solar system in it for solar
power system I should say and what I did
is uh
I needed to you know treat it so paint
it something you know like a Thompson's
WaterSeal or pain or whatever but what I
did is I took used hydraulic oil that we
just paid to get you know disposed of it
worked and coated it with hydraulic oil
I don't know I know you can't tell I did
it but anyhow it makes it I got some
water here it makes it beat up it's kind
of like a top
what is it Thompson's water whatever
that it is you know but just a coating
it with hydraulic oil I would I don't
know about engine oil or transmission
fluid but no hydraulic oil works really
good it seeps into the wood really easy
and gives it a waterproof coating you
know just water just beads up off of it
and it'll help protect the wood I've
known some people to actually do their
decks like that and and with a good
results you know or even mixing stain
with it too you know I don't know that
that's cheaper to get hydraulic oil cuz
I think it's about ten dollars a gallon
but I don't know what that other stuff
that Thompson's WaterSeal whatever that
water still crap cost but uh yeah this
is a little something in case you didn't
know you know somebody works in industry
or something where they can get you know
waste oil or whatever pretty you know
easy free whatever something think about
you know the house or chicken coop or
something like it work pretty good forks