welcome back to another in-home
diagnostic video brought to you by
appliance video comm okay what we have
here is a whirlpool top load washer what
the complaint is is not spinning or it's
not draining also so what I'm going to
do is I'm going to remove the top ok the
tools needed for this job is a number
two phillips a regular screwdriver a
volvo meter new drill or a 5/16 nut
driver and that's it what you do it just
take another two phillips and there's
two screws in the back here take those
two out and then you can rotate the top
up and then you have access to them test
the switch to see if it's a door switch
and once the screws are removed you can
rotate the unit up and then what you're
looking for is this is the connector for
the lid switch once you flex the
connector up and then pull up on it and
then you want to check continuity
through the switch okay what you want to
do is you want to check your gray and
brown wire see if you have continuity
and I do not so what we have is a bad
switch
okay to replace this we can do it a
couple different ways I'm going to pull
the cabinet off to have better access to
it the way you do that is showing these
two clips and then you can rotate the
cabinet off and have better access to
the switch all right on what you see is
the switch hang in there I haven't taken
none of the screws out and that's what
makes it bad is because basically the
brackets have broken off of the switch
that's why the switch is bad so we'll
remove it first by taking the 5/16
ground screw off and then we're going to
lift the lid and pull the other screw
out of the top here I'm going to depress
the two tabs that will allow me to pull
that out and then there's clips for the
wires you just pop the wires up and we
can remove the switch all right so first
thing we'll do is I'm gonna pop the
connector back in that just clips lock
the virus through the
clips on the housing here then I'll put
the ground wire back on you always want
to make sure that if a head of ground
when you start it that you put the
ground put the ground wire back in okay
we're going to pull the switch up then
there's two screws that go right here
and right here and I'll put the two
screws in
okay next I'm going to put the cabinet
back out on tilted back I'm going to put
that the clip back in there's two of
them one on each side just push them
down and I'm going to plug the new
switch in I'm going to rotate the
cabinet down and then there's tighten
two screws that are in the back okay now
we'll complete this repair goes further
up to make sure everything's working it
is thank you for watching another
in-home diagnostic video brought to you
by appliance video calm