hello my name is Rebecca larer I'm an
internationally certified horse trainer
and instructor and today I'm going to
show you how to use a Snapple bit a
snaffle bit AIDS in the guidance and
communication with your horse while
you're riding them and I have the
Snapple bit already attached to the
bridal I'm going to put the rains over
Serena's head to help make sure that she
doesn't run away while I'm putting the
Bridal on and then I'm going to put the
nose band out of my way because it
doesn't apply at this time while I'm
putting the it on her I'm going to take
my left hand and put them both over both
cheek pieces and I'm going to place my
left hand over her nose to guide her
nose and make sure that it doesn't go up
or down or side to side uh and then my
right hand is going to guide the bit
into her mouth and Serena is very good
about picking up the bride the bit I'm
going to take one ear and put it forward
I'm going to take the other ear and put
it forward through
the head stall there
so now it is on her head and I'm going
to take the nose band I'm going to put
it underneath the cheek piece on both
sides and on this side as
well and then I'm going to take the
throat latch this long strap and I'm
going to place it underneath her throat
and to the
side right here and I want to always
have about a a fist underneath
so that she can bend and not be her Bend
her neck and not be
choked I'm also going to fasten the nose
band and I want this relatively tight
but not too tight you want to be able to
have two fingers be able to go
underneath the nose
band and put them all the keepers
through and also I want to be able to
have two fingers below each
cheekbone below the nose band on both
sides to make sure it is fitting
correctly and I want one to S two soft
wrinkles on her mouth no forced Smiles
at all we don't want any forced Smiles
but we don't want the bit hanging so low
that it knocks their teeth and hurts
them either and so now the bit is in the
horse's mouth and the snaffle AIDS and
guides in the communication of where do
you want the horse to go uh what angle
of Bend do you want in the horse's neck
do you want them to be bent to a little
bit to the inside do you want their bent
neck a lot good girl you know or in the
other direction to the right or a lot of
bending good
girl also do I want her neck down
low good girl or do I want it up
higher and the snaffle bit AIDS in
asking her for all of those different
options also so the snaffle controls
their the angle of their shoulders and
if you control the shoulders you control
the horse and wherever you want them to
go and so the snaffle is a very
important Aid in asking them to do what
you would like