good morning welcome back to island vibe
cooking today's video I am about to show
you guys how to make the most fluffiest
delicious homemade waffles so you guys I
am about to show you guys how to make
homemade waffles and they're so good and
so fluffy
you know those Kiki's waffle you'll be
eating like what $20 now sit back I know
you got some bananas some eggs some
flour in your pantry so just grab them
and let's make some delicious breakfast
okay by the way if you know here please
subscribe I would love you to be a part
of the island vibe squad so hit the
subscribe button and turn on your post
notification without further ado let's
get started
[Music]
alright guys to get started I am using
all-purpose flour with some baking
powder I am going to sift both together
and then I will be adding a pinch of
salt in the flour and mix all the dry
ingredients together until everything is
well combined next I will be using a
ripe banana make sure you use the banana
that has the dark spot on the skin
because the darker it is the sweeter
banana is the less sugar you're going to
use so I am using a fork to mash the
banana down just like I'm doing right
now just mash it down with the back of
the fort now once you have your banana
all mashed up we're going to add our
eggs make sure your eggs are room
temperature and also I will be removing
the the little white part of the egg is
just something as Haitian we do just
remove it you don't have to if you don't
want to do it I just remove it ok and I
was having a little trouble removing it
of course I did remove it but let's cut
that part out because it's taking
forever for me to remove it there you
have it I've removed it so here it is
next I am using a little bit of pure
vanilla extract and then we're going to
mix everything together
[Music]
[Music]
next we're going to add our whole milk
in there we want to give it a quick mix
[Music]
[Music]
now we're going to add about 2 tbsp of
sugar like I said be sure to see how
ripe your banana is so you don't make it
too too sweet for the people who kind of
like you know don't like sweet stuff now
I am going to add my last ingredients
which is the flour you can use a hand
mixer at this point but I want to keep
this recipe as easy and simple as
possible for all of you guys so I am
only using a whisk
make sure you whisk it really good
together until the flour is well
combined
[Music]
[Music]
now the next ingredients I will be
adding in there is totally optional you
do not have to use it I will be adding
some dark chocolate chips in there to
make it taste even better yes if you
don't have it don't even bother I had
some sitting around so I just use it
just add that in there and mix it
together now time to make our waffles
I'm using a nonstick spray to spray the
waffle pen and then I will be adding my
batter in there now these can make nice
fluffy pancake as well once they're come
out this is how they look nice and
fluffy and very yummy this is it you
guys I sprinkle some syrup on there some
caramel syrup and you guys let me tell
you this was the perfect breakfast it
tastes amazing
anything homemade always tastes better
in my opinion if you know what you're
doing and if you like the video do not
forget to thumbs it up thumbs up the
video please for me share it with a
friend let me know which is your
favorite breakfast ever is it um lip
pink eggs whatever it is leave it down
below for me thank you for watching guys
I really appreciate every one of you
guys who take the time to click on my
videos and if you know here before you
leave hit the subscribe button turn on
your post notification thank you for
watching I'll see you guys on my next
video bye
[Music]