horns up and welcome to a brand new
episode of Headbangers kitchen keto
recipes so I really hope you enjoyed the
zucchini spaghetti in the last episode
that I showed you and today I'm going to
do something really really simple I'm
going to do a tuna salad and that's
going to be a delicious tuna salad with
some lettuce some celery some spring
onion it's going to be delicious and I'm
even going to have a bacon cold SL to go
with that so guys let's go and make that
tun salad all right so before we make
that tuna let's quickly whip up that
bacon Co slot that goes with it take
some cabbage and chop it up really
really fine because this is going to be
raw next we chop up some bacon and again
you want to chop it up into little
little bits we're going to fry that
bacon in a pan till it becomes nice and
crispy you want that bacon to be really
crispy we're going to add that bacon to
our chopped up cabbage and to that we're
going to add two nice spoons of
mayonnaise you can use homemade or
starbo the choices yours we're going to
season that with some pepper very
generously and a wee bit of salt because
the bacon already has salt so don't go
overboard and then we're going to give
it a good
mix oh wait I want to add something more
so I'm going to add a nice big dash of
horseradish sauce that's going to give
it a delicious flavor and just mix that
all in and your Co SLA is ready now for
the tuna fish and we must crack open
this SC this is one of
those okay it's not easy but ah
crap let's go make that tuna we're going
to start by adding our tuna to a bowl
and to this we're going to add two
boiled eggs and you want to break the
eggs up a little bit don't make them
into a p just mash them into nice little
bits next we chop up some celery really
finely and then we add that into the
tuna salad next we chop up some capsicum
or green bell pepper as you call it and
then you add that to the tuna salad as
well next we want a little bit of crunch
with a spring onion and that's also
being chopped up and then we add it to
the
salad finally we chop up some lettuce
nice and fine and we add that add to the
chuna salad as
well now we need some moisture in this
chuna salad so we're going to go with
mayonnaise two nice big spoons of
mayonnaise in there a little bit of
mustard some H radish sauce some
sriracha sauce for a little bit of heat
and don't forget to season it with a bit
of salt and pepper and then you give
that all a good
mix mix mix mix now that the tuna salad
is ready it's time to Plate it up and
we're going to put it on our serving
dish put the coold SLA around it top it
with some boiled eggs which have been
quartered and our tuna salad is
ready and the tuna salad is ready and I
thought instead of just me hogging on it
I'd invite my dad who's U at home today
and who's just had his lunch to taste
the tuna salad so Dad taste it and tell
me what do you think here goes you I'm
going to eat
it I don't know about him I'm loving
this the crunchy bacon the tuna the
egg guys I have to say this I've eaten
Dona salad I've eaten Dona salad but
this is dona salad and not because my
son's made it because this is The Real
McCoy it is is amazing it's got bacon
it's got Mayo it's got boiled egg it's
got It's got everything I mean there's
nothing more you want so you enjoyed it
then I'm enjoying understatement it's
awesome I'm ecstatic with this taste
it's almost
orgasmic thanks Dad so yeah I hope
you're going to try and make this tuna
salad at home we're going to continue to
eat it if you like this video please
give it the thumbs up please subscribe
to Headbangers kitchen and I'll see you
on the next episode of wellhe head
Banger's kitchen cheers and keep cooking
[Music]