hey fellas it's dinner time we're gonna
have an old southern favor tonight liver
and onions
we're not gonna have just any liver
we're gonna use beaver liver and not
just any onions we're gonna have some
good sweet georgia Vidalia onions so
stay tuned okay the first thing we're
gonna need is a beaver liver and this is
a bigger liver from a beaver I caught
the other day it's been in the fridge
for a few days nothing wrong with it and
you can see it's a it's a nice healthy
portion they make a nice meal next thing
we're gonna need is some salt this is
one of my favorites this is smoked sea
salt now let me tell you something if
you could smell that smoked over
Alderwood and that is just that's
beautiful beautiful stuff right there
what a smoky flavor as soon as you take
the lid off you can you can smell it you
know give us some pepper that would
grind and this is a secret ingredient
right here this is some smoked sweet
paprika unbelievably good stuff right
here let me tell you all I'm gonna need
some flour to dredge everything in not
just any flower this is from hard red
Montana wheat that I grind myself this
is uh this is what I like to to use so
let's let's get started let's chop some
onions one thing I can tell you about
Georgia they might not be much for
football but when it comes to onions and
peanuts those boys got it going on let
me tell you speaking of football
tomorrow's the Iron Bowl and for those
of you that aren't from around here the
Iron Bowl is that one day a year where
Alabama kicks almonds but it's it's a
pretty important day here in the state
of Alabama if you ever wanted to rob a
bank
anything like that you do it during the
Auburn Alabama game nobody will care
okay first thing we're gonna do is brown
some onion so let's get some oil in here
now I like to use butter butter is good
for you as long as you're using the real
butter and by real butter I mean
grass-fed butter not that a store-bought
crap full of hormones and steroids and
antibiotics and all of that
another oil that I cook with a lot is
coconut oil that's good stuff right
there
olive oil is good but these self a favor
stay away from the fake stuff life is
too short
all we're going to do is break these
onions up a little bit
and let them cook down take about 15
minutes or so once we get these onions
cook down we're gonna put them to the
side we'll dredge our liver season it up
and away we'll go
good now that our onions are cooked down
a little bit and see they're starting to
caramelize and looking good we're gonna
take these and set these off to the side
let's just put them in a bowl over here
they'll continue to cook for a little
bit and now what we're gonna do is we're
going to add some more oil and then
we're going to season our liver and it
started on our liver so let's get going
now I'm just gonna cut the liver into
strips just like that and now the heart
what we're going to do is we're just
going to cut that into slices as well
you need to do something with this knife
this thing is getting old and it is not
exactly sharp I might end up cutting
myself I don't want you help now the
first thing we're gonna do is we're
gonna give it some smoked sea salt
next sand pepper and finally a paprika
you know when it comes to cooking it's
all about the ingredients really you're
going to you're going to get out what
you put in and it's just that simple
okay now that we've got our liver
seasoned what we do is we're just going
to dredge it through the flour that's
all
alright dude a little more butter in
there let's start adding our liver
what we're gonna do is one give it about
three minutes on this side and then
we'll flip it over give it about another
two or three and then we'll do a test
piece we'll cut it open and see if it's
done and you want to make sure it's done
and that there's no red juice running
out of it it should be a nice light pink
color in there with no no juice running
out of the middle when you cut it open
and see that's real close to being done
there's a little bit of juice in the
middle that's one of the thicker part
gonna let it go just a little bit longer
all right let's add the onions back in
you know let everything get to know each
other in there I'm gonna turn that down
I'll go ahead and turn it off let me get
the rice ready here we go fellas got
some gourmet black rice life is too
short to eat plain rice that's a piece
of Beaver heart right there and the
strips are the liver so or that is
tender that is so tender
now this is a piece of heart right here
has a mild flavor to it
very modeled on the liver
there you go
very tender unbelievably tender
really good but anyway I hope you've
enjoyed this with the firm market being
down this year one thing that I'm going
to do is I'm going to catch fewer beaver
but I'm going to try my best to use
every part of the animal and one of the
commitments that I made is redoubling on
organ meats this year they're very
healthy I'm on my 53rd trip around the
Sun I'm not getting any younger it seems
like every year things get more and more
difficult but God provides there's a
it's a land of plenty out there if
you're willing to get out and work and
open your mind so Bon Appetit and roll
tide maybe roll tide
you