[Music]
another one of my favorites is sticky
soy chicken and it's perfect for that
lunchtime slump when you need a little
pick-me-up it uses lots of ingredients
that you probably have lurking in your
cupboard and it's we just sticky it's
just one of those lunches that has it
all the secret to this recipe lies
within the marinade which also doubles
up as the sauce and it makes sure that
you will not overcook this chicken it
cooks and in the sauce and gives you the
most gorgeous sticky finish so it starts
off in a bowl 2 tablespoons of soy sauce
this is gonna be that salty hit you're
looking for a little hit of acidity from
some rice wine vinegar 2 tablespoons to
balance that age 2 tablespoons of honey
this is gonna help with that sweet
sticky finish a little bit of aromatics
from some five-spice and a home of
garlic just grate that in give it a good
mix up and lastly just a hit of
freshness from the juice of half a line
give that a really good squeeze okay
this smells fantastic and that addition
of lime gives you both sweetness and
acidity in one beautiful soccer punch
all right it's ready for the chicken I
have boneless skinless chicken thighs
here and I am a big fan of these not
only because you get that dark meat but
also because they're quite inexpensive
and there's much more flavor than a
normal chicken breast these go straight
into our marinade now normally with a
marinade you would think it needs to sit
for quite a long time but actually this
marinade is also going to act like our
sauce right pan on
I'm gonna add a tiny touch of oil now
this method is slightly different
normally with a marinade you would soak
the meat and infuse the flavor what
we're doing is using that marinade to
create a gorgeous sauce so it all goes
into the pan and we cook it out until
the chicken goes gorgeous sticky and
golden up so let's get into the pan
don't be afraid all those chicken pieces
in give them a nice little bit of space
in the pan and then that Myron aged that
we worked hard on making pour that
straight over the top give it a little
shake get that chicken involved with the
marinade
while it's bubbling away let's talk
dressing we are using those store
cupboard ingredients the Asian classics
that I always have in my store cauldrons
a little bit of sesame oil
that's that nutty flavor a little bit of
soy sauce and the great thing about all
these ingredients is you buy them once
they will last month's bill here - the
rice wine kind of echoing the flavors
that are in the dish
straight into this dressing and then
finish it off with some sunflower oil
whisk it up give it a taste
really good but it needs the freshness
of some garlic in there and I'm gonna
add some toasted sesame seeds for a
nutty bite that's a risk right we're in
business now I'm gonna get back into my
chicken and it's time to just tease that
chicken around the pan just turn it over
and you can see already we're starting
to get that really rich and caramelized
finish there can be a moment here where
it looks like it's gonna catch at the
bottom so there's a nice little trick
you just add a splash of water and you
can keep that sauce from going burnt
okay chickens looking good back to our
salads I have three or four core
ingredients in here first being some
carrots I'm just gonna use a little
julienne peeler which is a great way of
getting nice shards of carrot I mean you
could grade up a carrot in a box grater
or one of these little babies will give
you these fantastic strips get that
carrot straight into the dressing
alongside some spring onions and chop it
all the way to the top don't get rid of
the greens right with spring onions
we've got carrots I'm gonna add a nice
handful of baby leaves but if you want
something that will hold the dressing a
little more sturdy something like
Chinese cabbage or even regular cabbage
will do the job get your hands in there
and give it all a good mix up okay look
as that sticky luscious sauce I'm gonna
take it off and let it cool before I add
up to my lunch box mix and don't forget
about that lovely sauce get that over
the top beautiful okay let that cool I'm
gonna plate up my lunch box nice big
handful of that sesame salad and for a
nice little hit and a nice little home
of some spice you don't have to add this
but I do like a bit of spice some thinly
sliced red chilies just over the top
it's all about fresh little bytes
building up the dish one thing I love to
add to fresh salads and it's something
that I don't think people use enough in
salads is herb's so I'm going in here
with some coriander and some mint leaves
you just want nice little bites of both
the mint and the coriander now it's just
a case for slicing up some chicken just
look at that glaze over the top so
worthwhile it's a little method with the
marinade ensures that you get a nice
char on the bottom but the liquid allows
you to steam the meat a little bit so
you get really tender pieces of chicken
as soon as the chickens cool enough just
pop it on top of all those gorgeous
leaves a little sprinkle of some more
toasted sesame seeds and you are in
business that's a salad that I want to
eat for lunch let's give it a try
mmm sticky soy chicken salad it's the
business YUM
[Music]
[Music]