hey welcome back to my channel so I made
this small pond a couple years ago when
we first moved in the house it's a
simple large hole with a pond liner in
it and a pump right now it's turned off
but usually there's water flowing at the
top but I have it set to go off at
certain times of the day and then it
shuts off during high energy times the
day I have a couple goldfish in there to
eat the mosquitoes and its really added
some beautiful energy to the garden in
the front yard but look at these you
know I love sharing my more exotic
beautiful plants and flowers with you a
neighbor gave these to me and they were
just like a clump of grass last year
it's a type of water iris and even she
was surprised she had no idea that they
were gonna be this color
I'm guessing it's because of whatever I
do with the water or the fish poop that
they turned out such an electric purple
color sometimes they even look when
they're freshly open like an electric
blue color so these have been they start
blooming a couple weeks ago and what's
interesting
these versus regular iris they will stay
beautiful and open and bloomed like this
for three to five days so look at the
bud in there I would highly recommend
finding some water iris and adding them
to your water feature if you have them
because well you don't have to water
them you don't have to feed them if
you've got fish in the water and man are
they spectacular and anything that's
beautiful just makes life a little
better takes the edge off thanks for
watching if you enjoy my videos
money-saving tips and just sharing
beauty with you please subscribe it
helps take care of yourselves and take
care of each other
and take care of the planet