hey welcome to another show today I'm
going to show you how to make the
world's greatest natat trap you heard it
first here it's an ancient secret that's
been passed down from my forefathers I'm
still looking for two of them anyway
here is a video shot of what the natat
Trap looks like you can see that there's
about 50 dead n gats in there and the
banana is a little bit too ripe so I
need to change this out first you're
going to need a container like this and
then you're going to need another little
one I you can use a lid um whatever you
need to put the fruit in so it doesn't
get wet and so you would put it right in
here now what you're going to do is
you're going to take probably about a
half a cup of water and put the
water inside the container just enough
to drown the G Nats now to make it
successful I like to put in just a
little bit of soap
that seems to kill the gats once they
are in the uh water and I kind of mix
the soap
up and after a while the bubbles will go
down then I place the small container in
the middle get a nice fresh banana about
like
that then the next step is I will get
some plastic wrap
so I take the plastic
wrap try to make it
snug I like to have banana kind of
sticking up toward the top almost
touching the
plastic and then I'll go ahead and put
my rubber band
on don't worry about it getting too
snugs because then you can go back and
just take the edges plastic and you can
tighten
it down just like this that it kind of
feels like a drum like this so what I'm
going to take now is a pencil like this
something with a sharp point and I'll
puncture a couple holes right in
here around that
you don't need to go too
big just like that just a few and then
I'll get a
few and the outer edges it seems just to
help with the air flow so now we have
the natat Trap already and what's going
to happen is the ns are going to smell
the banana and they're going to go in
through these holes and then when the
gnats are trying to escape they'll fall
into the water what I also will do is if
there's some gnats on the outside of
here kind of trying to get out I'll just
kind of go in and
just kind of flick
them not enough to break the plastic but
just flick the gats and they should go
right into that water this is a great
trap for Nats so give it a try
experiment with different fruits I find
watermelon and peaches are a great type
of a a fruit to use hey let me know what
you think in the comments below give me
a number of gats that you caught in your
first week and have a fun day
[Music]