all right ladies and gentlemen welcome
back for another quick little Channel
cge video today I decided to put
together this little review if you will
of my new Greenworks 1600 psi pressure
washer I use a power washer all the time
for personal use 95% of the time I'm
using it to wash cars and it it really
comes in handy I bought a blue clean
1900 PSI power washer and used to
constantly all last summer and it served
me really well but just now the
beginning of April it finally died on me
so I happened to be at Lowe's and I
found a deal on this 1600 PSI it's a
little bit smaller in the PSI range as
you can tell 1600 versus 1900 but I
could tell the build quality was a lot
better and it happened to be on sale for
around 79 bucks 80 bucks something like
that so I picked it up anyways today
going to wash a few cars and test out
the spray nozzle that came with it for
rinsing the car and stuff like that and
then I'm going to attempt to adapt up my
foam Cannon and test that out as well
and I'm going to share my thoughts with
you guys along the way and just take you
along as I always do anyways Guys
Without further Ado let's get
started all right guys and here is the
power washer like I said it's the
Greenworks 1600 psi pressure washer I
just brought it out back here and got it
all set up this one is I can like I said
before I can tell it's a lot better
build quality than my blue clean
especially the nozzle the way it works
is this is a Twist connect as you can
see it just kind of goes like this and
that's the way my old blue clean was it
was a slightly different size but that
was literally the only way you could
connect anything but this comes with a
Twist connect and then here on the end
it is a standard uh quick release I
think it's like a/ qu inch quick release
which is what most power washers are so
pretty much any attachment that you can
get after market will probably work on
this as long as it will fit on um a
quick release like this and I think it's
a/ qu in but don't quote me on that now
the washer came with two tips for the
quick release it came with this turbo
nozzle which is made for cleaning stuff
like Concrete and brick walkways maybe
or something like that then it also came
with this I think it's a 40° angle spray
little nozzle for the end as well this
is probably what I'm primarily going to
use if for like rinsing the cars and
stuff like that and they pop in the side
here just like this and it's kind of a
nice way to store them on the side and
simple enough the high press hose screws
into the front just like that and then
your garden hose just screws in here
another thing I forgot to mention is it
also came with this little soap
dispenser sort of a thing it goes into
the twist connect this will come in
handy in the future as well and that has
a nice little way of storing itself here
on the back but like I mentioned earlier
today we're going to be testing it out
with my snow foamer that I bought a
while ago for my AR Blue clean I put a
new attachment in in so that it will fit
in the 1/4 in quick release and we're
going to give this a try and just see
I'm I'm curious to see how a little bit
less pressure like I said this is 1600
and my old one was 1900 curious to see
how well it works or if it makes any
difference with how foamy it gets and
things of that nature anyways guys let's
go ahead and pull this 2007 PT Cruiser
touring around the side here and get it
cleaned up
[Music]
TR
[Music]
[Music]
TR Tre
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
our dreams are away you'll find me
you're the only thing I you're the only
thing I
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
see all right guys so first impressions
of the washer after washing a couple
cars with it and using the snow foamer
with it honestly I am surprised at how
well this works and I'm super happy with
it 1600 PSI handled the snow foamer
Cannon very well and actually something
I was surprised of is considering the
fact that this is you know kind of a
heavy attachment uh with it way out on
the end I thought it might be a little
bit heavy and a little bit of a pain but
I actually liked having this out further
on the end it felt like it gave me
better control as I foamed up the car I
did have an opportunity to test this out
briefly I didn't get that on camera but
I used it to clean this chair up a
little bit and it actually it worked
really well on that as well definitely a
nice little little boost of pressure for
cleaning up stuff like I said earlier
brick concrete anything stuff like that
this will come in really handy but
honestly this 40° tip will work really
well for a lot of different stuff it
works good for rinsing cars it's not too
strong as long as you don't get too
close to the car of course it's narrow
enough of a spray angle that it actually
has a good bit of power for cleaning up
other stuff as well but anyways my
thoughts so far as I'm extremely happy
with this new washer like I said I use
it all the time especially during the
summer and I don't doubt this one's
going to hold up a lot better than my
other blue clean and I already like
using it way better anyways guys I hope
you enjoyed this quick little Channel CG
video be sure and comment down below if
you have any questions about the washer
or anything you'd like to say as always
we have a good time down in the comments
be sure and give the video a thumbs up
of course if you did enjoy and watch for
video probably in the next couple weeks
I'm hoping to get my PT Cruiser GT that
you just saw out and do a full detailing
maybe even clay bar and polish the paint
up a little bit I've been wanting to do
that for a while so watch for some cool
detailing videos now this spring all
right guys thanks again for watching you
rock God bless and I will see you in the
next one
[Music]
[Music]