hey guys now today I've got a really
good simple really easy recipe for you
it's called a patty melt now these are
been around for who knows how long but
the thing I love about this is it
contains hardly any ingredients and the
flavors in this are just beautiful
they're so easy to make easy to throw
together hardly any ingredients just
perfect for a Greeks kitchen recipe so
let's start throwing one together
this is Greeks kitchen okay so for this
like I said hardly any ingredients the
bread a light rye or a rye bread now you
can use sourdough or just normal bread
if you got it but the traditional is a
rye we've got my favorite thing in the
world butter you'll need some onion now
this is Swiss cheese you can use dials
Berg you can use cheddar but just use
whatever cheese you want it's not really
that important although it's kind of is
because I tell you what this Jarlsberg
Cheese or this Swiss cheese has got a
really great flavor and it looks great
too and it melts well so if you can get
it use it you'll need some minced beef
as well and I've got some wishes
Schuster sushi it sauce here now if you
got it
just throw dash in if not don't bother
about using them anyway let's start from
this together okay first thing we need
to do is caramelize some onions so let's
cut some up and we're going to fry these
in the frying pan but of course first
you gonna fry some onions you need some
butter the Friday
so hopefully this frying pan is on a low
heat oh yeah yeah it's fairly low so I
like a nice big lathering of butter
in there that looks dangerously under
buttered so just saw a little bit more
in there as well and now let's break
these onions up in there to cook slowly
in this beautiful butter so it gets nice
and caramelized wall is caramelizing
let's start preparing this meat patty oh
now those onions will take a little
while to caramelize so don't stress just
relax let them cook away nice and slowly
and let's slowly prepare the meat I'm
just going to make one sandwich so I'll
just grab a handful of meat that I think
will fit that piece of bread that I'm
cooking and I'll put some into a bowl
because there's some things I really
want to add into this firstly some salt
always got to add some salty and meat
next we'll put some pepper in as well
you're always going to add pepper and
Worcestershire sauce now like I said you
know NAT that it I'm going to because I
got some but we only need for this one
serving just like a little - just like
that not too much just like a teaspoon
and now we'll combine all that don't
push it too hard though because we don't
want to compress the meat right let's go
check on the onion see how they're go
yep yep yep they're still going we'll
just cook these till they're sort of a
nice golden brown color now the reason
I'm making these patty melts was from a
suggestion from one of my subscribers
RDM so thanks a lot for that suggestion
it looks like a great recipe and if
you've got any suggestions that you'd
like me to make please leave them in the
comments down below
all right well those onions look like
they're nearly ready so because they're
nearly ready let's start cooking the big
pay mold it into my patty hence the name
patty melt stuff so there's my patty for
the patty melt can you do this
I can okay try not to do that okay
unless you've got a dog or a cat don't
love that so let's throw just get some
of this butter start cooking this patty
boy that's a beef patty so we'll just
leave that cook said I'll leave it cook
we just want to cook basically if you
want to be wrong on the mill I don't
know why you're Ward a lot but some
people do like it that way so just
cooking how you want anyway I'll come
back and flip it a bit later all right
so it's been a few minutes let's just
flip this over and get the other side
cook oh yeah that looks great all right
well that meat patty looks like it's
pretty well cooked these onions look
absolutely delightful so now let's start
preparing the sandwich
first thing we need to do is get our
bread ready what we are going to do is
toast this I know there's lots of butter
in the sauce pan already but you know as
well add some extra butter because the
butter actually coats your arteries and
helps the blood flow around your body a
lot easier don't quite beyond that so
now that's done I'll just gently put
this over and let's add our first slice
of cheese I might put it quite a bit of
cheese on this because this cheese is
really strong and it's got an awesome
flavor so I'll put that on now I reckon
this meat patty looks cooked so put that
on there we'll get our caramelized
onions and we'll put those on top we get
another piece of this cheese and we put
that on top and now what we do is back
into the frying pan so hopefully there's
some leftover butter there there is
anyway I put butter on the base anyway
so it's going to be double bar we'll put
that on we'll put our other slice of
bread on top and now what we need to do
is fry that until it's nice and crispy
and brown on both sides of that bread
right well it's been about two minutes
on that side so let's put this over oh
yeah beautiful we'll just cook the other
side and then it'll be time to tuck on
in for the old patty melt taste it yes
okay well how about we just cut it open
so you can see what it looks like inside
oh yeah mmm how good does it look
there's just I just want to try this
piece up like caramelized onion that's
it here coz oh boy that is heaven
he went let's try the whole thing
mmm mmm
whoa boom cool hot flashes wow that is
decadent if you do make it I would love
to know you thought about it there
really is a sensational sandwich
remember so this video some thumbing
love subscribe and laughing subscribe
for more I cannot already subscribe
thanks for watching and I'll see you
next time right here on Greg's kit
[Music]