cast-iron pot out just packed up
protected not not outside but you see we
got some rest on here I'm gonna try to
just dissolve the rest of vinegar like I
do want to get a circuit board to spin
and immersed in water and kind of rusty
some things you can just use up vinegar
clean it up so before I go out there and
destroy my like seasoning what I have on
here I'm gonna see if I can go ahead and
get the rest out with distilled vinegar
so the first thing we're to do is we're
gonna run it under hot water and get
some rolls wrap here some little oil and
use that to scrub it a little bit under
hot water and just remove the surface
for us what we can anyway doesn't look
like that deep that might be I don't
know we'll see well let's see let's do
that now go and do that okay so we're
gonna run in the hot water I got a hot
we run that see yeah some of that's uh
nicer for a we're kind of you know not
really so let's go ahead and get rid of
that we've got a lot water running
shouldn't I don't want to use soap so
I'm not gonna I don't use a wire wheel
brush I'll do everything just like we
creamed clean the rust off the bumper so
there's the extra water out a little bit
of water in there so sometimes I'll use
salt but yeah let's do some salt hold on
all right
result some salt here
she saw to be much better but I'm
Anthony
well actually sea salt oil I'll be
better just doesn't really matter let's
get baby anything alright let's see
where we go where we are now hot water
we got bacon salt I'm you know well I
pretty much took care of it I'm sorry
let's take care of it
got my season
No
let me uh let me dry something if you
were out all right
as you can see that took all the rust
off but there's just a little tiny bit
here just just a little tiny bit that
could be gone with by just scrubbing but
we're gonna use the white vinegar
instead wherever it says wait a minute
just don't like vinegar you're not that
sitting there you can heat it sometimes
I'll be better that's pretty much it
it's more effective carbon or shouldn't
impact the carbon was saying but you
know it smells like I'm running up to
the coffee pot in the house so we'll
just let this set for a couple hours
over this way well let that sit for a
couple of hours and uh it'll be gone
you're clean you're good to go
so I'll be back in a couple hours and
I'll show you the difference so as you
can see it looks pretty good in there
it's a slight film on the top here where
it's uh dissolved everything thing
couple hours two hours where it's at a
little more drawer um I can see where
you know got a little bit beyond the
room here so that you my coating in
there but how did you see all the rust
is now gone what we're gonna do I'm
gonna take and run some more tempo
through there in some water and then
we're gonna go ahead and season it so
let me go ahead and do that real quick
and let me watch only film that we're a
lot of hot water and just drain this
okay I just rinsed it off there's still
some vinegar in there it's more salt in
there we have our abrasive right over
here and just finish it up oops
all right so I went ahead and dried it
now you can see the vinegar cleaned up
this area clean water I wanted actually
but that's fine back then to steel down
there cast iron iron we're gonna
thoroughly dry it we're gonna pop on the
stove and heat it up we're gonna be
using olive oil
oh no I guess we're using avocado well
I'll be back we check the smoke
temperature on that thought it was olive
oil
all right back ok avvocato is a five
hundred twenty degrees Fahrenheit
better yet see the how do we do this is
better
basically metal expands I think cast
iron fans what a thaw her heart agrees
so we got a like five hundred something
per avocado so well still put it on 350
I think go ahead and raise it to me 400
calories water I will go ahead and
season this personal pond skillet on the
stove I mean and that heated up to force
all the moisture out but the higher the
temperature the more the poor will open
and seep in better so I mean over here
to stove and heat it up and I'll apply
the first coating inside okay so it's on
stove it's hot where I need to be have
caught it well don't smoke
let's go ahead and cheer that round that
you're coming yes I did
so turn that around okay everything is
oiled up now we're gonna put in the oven
at 400 degrees now we're gonna do this
three times so let me just put the oven
off camera I got nothing to everything
but we're gonna setting it for 30
minutes and then remove and or real oil
again be sure to oil the bottom
everything
this oil is kind of a thin coat so I
don't have drip pans in there but this
one so I'll be back in 30 minutes
all right it's been 30 minutes you can
see it's starting to brown or add some
more on there and just repeat two more
times for a total of three times and
then for the final one is I'll coat the
bottom and then just let it set I'll
heat it up and just let it set you know
and let it cool down naturally so I'll
let me go I need to step in there and
I'll be back in about 30 minutes so got
some oil left here I'm going to reapply
Andreea coat I guess so it's getting
slick you can see it's changing color
again they're building a big thick war
on there's nothing on but a thick
coating I can literally see it moving
back there
well you that that shows that it's cool
but we're just on the verge of smoking
it's just a little bit smoky in there so
let me go ahead and put it in again
another 30 minutes then what we're gonna
do is we're going to pull it out where I
put some fresh oil in there and then
just let it cool off and then the next
day we'll get rid of that oil what's
left and just be happy and start using
it so
I'll be back in about 30 minutes so here
we are that's the third time came out a
little smoke in there so we're just
going to pour someone well in and and
let it cool all right
form the avocado yeah we'll be cutting
like that and we're gonna roll that
around on her yeah well no I guess well
well you know let's roll around put this
on Nuria we apply to the handle here and
that's it let it cool down and that's it
guys it's one handle
all right that's it everybody this
that's how you seize in the pot and are
not about the cat's job cast-iron
skillet from rust removal and we see
anything that's very slick when I run
the towel over so we're good to go all
done now so Oh hot i heated it back up
to finish it off not necessary but I
just wanted to dry
I got this oil off even though it's
still smoking
you can still grab them with your bare
hand for a while I have a sleeve but
that's it it's all done now it's all
doesn't look smooth but it is so there
you go there's NCP and that is the
seasoned cast iron I'll let it cool off
now but nothing change but we're all
done now
Reese's and everything and they'll even
out as I cook on tomorrow and stuff but
there you go clean and Reese's in cast
iron easy method with you know with the
white vinegar just seems to solve rust
so there you go all right have a good
everybody
I'll get this edited and I'll get up
tomorrow morning I think all right NCP
out have a great one