okay I'm going to answer the question
for you it's a good question because
everybody uses some version of what
we're about to make at some point for
something okay
so we're going to make our own chocolate
sauce or chocolate syrup if you will and
there's a couple of variations here on
how we're going to make this particular
one and I'm going to go over that with
you right now first before we put the
syrup and the chocolate on the stove
which are the two primary components
that are used to make this okay now
there are other versions you can use
cream you can use some people would even
add butter to it if they were going to
use it shortly after it was made
but I find that simple syrup and my
choice of chocolate comes up really well
you can store it your fridge just like
part of the expression erxi syrup which
will last forever you know you can put
this in your refrigerator or a squeeze
bottle for six months to a year at work
um what I have is two cups of 60% cocoa
powder chocolate chips and I have one
cup of simple syrup I'm going to put
these together on the stove to melt
slowly and then I'm going to talk to you
about the variations of the percentage
of syrup to chocolate and how to make
sure that your syrups consistency in the
final analysis comes out the way you
want in perfect okay so first let's get
these on the stove in a saucepan
together and this is going to be a
slightly time lapse video but it ain't
going to take that long to make this I
had to pan a little bit hot soup it's
already melting now so when it's all
said and done and after we're satisfied
with the cooking amount or the melting
amount of
time that is spent we're going to strain
it through this fine strainer which is a
very very fine screen also notice of
Xinhua in France okay so let's talk
about how much sir
- how much chocolate and how you're
going to go about making sure that your
syrup in the final analysis when it's
all done and cold is the right texture
okay because the variations of chocolate
that you out there in the public domain
who buy chocolate because the variations
of cocoa powder in the chocolates
there's a range it's going to adjust the
final texture of the chocolate sauce so
the key ingredient for me to teach you
today is how to you how to make sure
that yours comes up just the right
texture and here's how you do it you
start out with two cups of chocolate and
one cup of syrup bring it to a simmer
let it get strained put it away but one
thing for sure I know that's not too
much syrup that's probably not enough
syrup but we're going to do is we're
going to melt it all together bring it
up to a simmer strain it we're going to
set it in an ice bath to cool and if we
want to find out right away we'll just
take a little bit of it put it on a
plate
and throw in the refrigerator so we can
see with the final texture of the
chocolate sauce will be and at that
point we can adjust the final syrup with
straight cold simple syrup we can adjust
the chocolate syrup with the simple
syrup to get the texture where we want
assuming that it's going to be too thick
so it's just like anything else you
don't once you cook a steak well-done
you can't make it medium rare anymore so
you don't want to make your chocolate
sauce too thin from the onset because
then you got to add more chocolate we
cook it this version and this technique
and process that I'm pointing out to you
allows you to just fit it up to the
perfect texture when you're ready okay
let me just get an eye on this real
quick
we're going to time elapsed this I'm
going to turn this down low make sure
it's all completely melted before I
strain it I'll be back in like two three
four or five minutes okay be right back
okay the chocolate and the syrup it been
brought to a boil real quick I turned it
down I want to boil it to death
what I don't want is I don't want grainy
texture so I want to make sure it's
completely melted part of the reason why
I put it on a low temperature initially
then at the very end I turned it up and
it's ready so there it is simmering
right there see so now we're going to
strain it see I can tell by looking at
it when it's hot to what extent it may
and what the texture may end up being
when it's cold sometimes you can tell by
just looking at it right now
so it's already what I would consider to
be a perfect sauce consistency
I want to gets cold it's going to
tighten up you see so here's what we're
going to do we're going to take a little
tiny bit of it I'm going to put it on a
plate this way we can expedite the
process of learning what the texture
this is going to be when it's cold
meanwhile I'm going to put this in a
little ice bath to chill out and I'm
going to put this in the refrigerator so
in ten minutes which this is going to
take 15 20 25 30 minutes to totally
chill out and be close to its what what
texture it's going to be when it's cold
whereas I put this in your fridge rack
and find out quickly how what my texture
is going to be and this is a neat trick
to do with a lot of things but for right
now I'm going to stick this in my
refrigerator and we're going to time you
lapse this a little bit and I'll come
back and show you what that's like and
then we'll know how to adjust this based
upon looking
what's on the plate all right I'll be
back in 10 15 minutes okay we are ready
to do a final adjustment on the
chocolate sauce now this chocolate sauce
is not oh it's not cold but it's really
cool and it needs to stay cool so you
can add syrup to it now I'm going to
show you what the SERP looks like when
it gets cold on the plate and then
you'll get this whole a guide that I'm
giving you in terms of how to adjust it
I went in and checked it out see it's
kind of hard now see it's not syrup but
but it's not syrup consistency now on
the other hand you may want to keep in
mind the formula that I just gave you
you can use when you want your chocolate
to be this texture you may want to put
some of this on the bottom of a tart or
something one day so I know what it's
going to be like when it's cold now
that's been in this refrigerator for
about 30 minutes actually and this was
sitting in the ice bath the entire time
but the sensor so much but it didn't get
that cold I took it out so we could add
the syrup now what we have here is two
cups of chocolate chips and one cup of
syrup now I have a couple more cups of
syrup here and I'm going to pour it in
here slowly and I'm going to adjust this
at the same time okay so let's start off
by putting part of it in give it a mix
because at this point it's cool enough
we'll be able to determine their final
texture right here so we're going to
make it the perfect texture it's pretty
close right now now am I giving you
measurements well I started out with two
cups and I have about a quarter of a cup
left so I got about 3/4 of a cup of
syrup that
added to it and again your chocolate
that you're using may not be like this
drop it and the texture will have to be
adjusted with a different amount that
looks pretty good I'm going to add the
other quarter cup so now we have an even
measurement of two cups of chocolate
chips and two cups of syrup now I think
that'll work and don't over thin it out
because you can again you can't take it
up you can always add more syrup to it
later okay that looks good and I'll show
you with that what I mean by that see
this is when it gets cold will be
slightly thicker so here's how I would
store this and again one of the things I
did mention but there's all kinds of
ways to flavor this I would put this in
a squeeze bottle like that
then you always have that option of
doing your little chocolate thing again
this is going to get a little bit
tighter when it gets cold cold cold and
maybe I'll tell you what I'll do I'll
put this away and I'll come back I'll
put it in frigerator I'll come back in
about an hour and we'll do a little
squiggly on a plate to show you the
difference so that we're a hundred
percent clear on what this particular
formula was ok so I'm putting this away
but there's your chocolate sauce in a
nutshell and we'll come back and just
double check okay