hey guys so I know all of you know that
for me aquariums is life right like I
live breathe eat and sleep
aquariums that's just what I do I love
it it's been a part of my life forever
however I've also gotten pretty fond of
those little guys out there chickens and
I I never really expected to but once we
lived in the country and we got some
chickens so that we would be producing
our own eggs so we didn't have to buy
store-bought and you know maybe meat
every now and again I kind of don't want
to eat them because I love them so I
probably won't they're all dual purpose
birds but me ii-i've got really come to
like them and I decided that I was going
to hatch some eggs because they've been
laid a lot of eggs I had a rooster that
was getting a lot of a lot of work done
that's what I'm gonna say and I decided
that you know I'm gonna give it a shot
and I'm gonna hatch some thanks so
here's the problem I kind of had to just
make an incubator because I don't have
one and I didn't have money set aside to
buy one I've got most of my money tied
up in a aquarium project so I decided I
was gonna use some my aquarium gear to
make an incubator so I'm gonna show you
that incubator so what I did is I
decided I was going to use some of my
old like reptile and aquarium gear to
set up this incubator so the incubator
itself this this plastic bin I've had
forever and all I did with this bin was
cut a hole right here to put in a piece
of Plexiglas that I also cut this is the
window so that you can see into the
incubator and look at the eggs without
opening it that's more important now
than it was before because right when
they're about to hatch which I'm really
close to hatch to him on day 18 and they
should hatch on day 21
but it's so you don't lose the humidity
when you open it up because it's really
important that you keep the humidity
while they're hatching this is just a
basic ceramic mogul and a power cord for
a heat lamp and I've got a ceramic heat
emitter in there and then down here I've
got my power bar this is a fan that's
circulating air inside of the incubator
there's holes on the outside
so that there is some air circulation in
there as well this is a hurt keeper by
digital aquatics which I unfortunately
came to learn recently that digital
quacks went out of business but
basically this is a controller that has
a temperature sensor and humidity sensor
to control the humidity level although I
have nothing cooked up to it for
humidity I just have some stagnant like
sitting water in there and there's an
air pump actually in the water as well
which I'll throw a picture up with that
as well and then there's also the
temperature so the temperature is
controlling the heat lamp to get that
99.5 and it's actually doing a
phenomenal job this is a tactical
flashlight that is actually for a rifle
and I'm using this as a as an egg
Candler so that I can see what's going
on inside the egg so I've been using
this I just put a small cardboard shroud
on it to sit the egg on to kind of
create a little bit of a seal so I can
see well into the eggs in the dark and
what I've been doing to turn the eggs
which I don't have to turn them anymore
because they are now setting getting
ready to hatch I have the eggs sitting
in this tray just all lined up and
instead of turning each one by hand I
just took a paper towel roll and then
shoved it under one side so all the eggs
would be tilted one way and then later
in the day I'd go in and set it on the
other side so they'd be tilted the other
way and I literally just did this three
to five times a day to turn the eggs and
I actually worked incredibly well we're
in a good spot so I've got humidity
around 75% and I've got the heat right
where it needs to be so we should in the
very near future have some chicks and
then those chicks will be over there so
I'll be back in three or four days with
a new update and hopefully six chicks
and if things don't go right I will
record it and we will experience it
together and hopefully I don't cry on
camera not expecting I will have to i am
confident and hopeful that it will all
turn out great so let me know what you
think of the calm
section below have you ever hatched out
chicks I know keeping backyard chickens
is pretty big in the u.s. even in Canada
here it's pretty huge I'm just new to it
and I'm sure that some of you may
actually have your own birds so yeah let
me know if I'm doing things okay if I'm
making any mistakes feel free to drop
that down there cuz I am all yours
I am totally out of my element and like
a sponge soaking up as much knowledge as
I can if you haven't sucked up to this
channel it's primarily aquarium stuff
but every once in a while I'll probably
talk a little bit about the other
animals I got here like these chicks
that I'm hatching and other you know
dogs and cats and what-have-you mostly
fish and reefing oh I got a video for
you coming up anyways we'll see mm up
leo
that was a double yolk the little one
was the double yo oh my god what's this
Oh gonna be another one two double yolks
what that little egg was so much smaller
I know