hello everyone welcome to home cooking
with me hey massive the money in today's
recipe is something many people love to
make and eat at home this is specially
for the potato lovers it's
chettinad potato masala let's take a
look at the ingredients first
jiguro dry roast the ingredients that
add Garuda two teaspoons 5 red chillies
1 TSP prep costs dry roasted and it's
about golden brown color cool it and
grind it to a nice fine powder
this is your masala powder for the
potatoes take a little oil in a pan and
the ingredients for tempering 1/2 tsp or
adult 1/2 tsp another quarter teaspoon
cumin seeds and quarter teaspoon mustard
seeds once the mustard seed starts
clattering add for a teaspoon possibly
the powder then add the onions a few
curry leaves saute the onions for a few
minutes
when they are transparent add the boiled
baby potatoes season it with some salt
and then add the ground masala powder to
the potatoes mix it well till all the
potatoes are coated with this masala
powder roasted for a few minutes and
then turn off the stove so there you
have this delicious and spicy chettinad
style potato masala do try it and enjoy
it with your family subscribe to our
YouTube channel and also follow us on
Facebook and I can't wait to grab a bite
bath