hello hello everyone Henry from fun game
reviews here coming to give you guys an
awesome hero review of Ambrosia what
we're going to do guys is we're going to
talk about how to make her overpowered
guys how are we going to make her
overpowered so as you guys can start it
out she has
345,000 3 HP 30,6
to attack here so what we're going to do
we're going to check it out so let's go
see she's currently at Pisces what I
want to do is get her to a minimum of
Enlightenment number 13 or maybe up to
16 cuz we want to have her Divine goto
Divine level
four uh because the Divine level four
you guys will be able to see that will
it will basically make it so that you
are reducing the chances of having them
heal uh by a certain amount so you guys
can see 25% less heal for 30 seconds and
also they'll take 15% more damage so all
you got to do is start it up with the
Divine and she will definitely go
Berserker nutso on them so another good
thing is Insight ordained if you
actually are able to get her insight to
level 20 she will reduce Silence by
duration of of 90% she's also increasing
her attack rate by 50% and skill damage
by
50% so you definitely want to raise her
as much as possible cuz you want her to
also do more damage I'm trying to get at
least minimum as quickly as possible to
level 10 level 10 is when they it starts
introducing attack rate on top of skill
damage damage as of right now I don't
have both but I'm definitely working
towards her as you guys can see I'm
level six Enlightenment I'm working
towards trying to get up to a minimum of
13 all right so talents wise I would
truly highly recommend having three five
out of five blessing downwinds I kind of
went with Battle Fever for now cuz she
needs the damage in the future I might
change this up to blessing downwinds so
that she can get her maximum potential
attack rate cap all right guys another
thing is equipment what I normally use
uh for ambrosia is I use the thorn bow
guys The Thorn bow the reason I use the
thorn bow is specifically
because she will shoot really really
rapidly every eight attacks anybody who
comes close to her will get pushed back
pushed away so that they can't do that
much damage this is also very very
crucial to have when you have her in
defense mode if you have her in offense
mode even a thunder blade would probably
work so we can go check out the weapons
and probably see what would probably
best fit her
um for even for this one demonic axe
okay it does the hero attack damage
damage reduction hit rate crit and crit
damage I mean she can also utilize the
crit rate crit damage like in like a lot
uh cuz I mean you don't get too much of
that with the thorn ball you also don't
get too much of that with the um Thunder
blade I mean there's crit resist there's
a little bit crit but sh she's kind of
based off of crit damage and crit
another great thing about this is if you
guys encounter someone like wanton you
counter someone like uh Landslide or
maybe even pangoli the ones that can
knock the hero back right basically she
will have a 50 53% chance that she will
not be knocked away or knocked back it
really does help when you have someone
that has like a lot of thorn bows it
prevents them from being pushed away it
really really does help a lot all
right uh so those those are the main
weapons I would suggest I mean even the
arcane toome I mean Arcane Tom though
you kind of have to build up a little
bit of
Fury uh by killing a bunch of people
before you can actually say it's
utilized so there's that like start
building up process I don't really like
these kind of give you right off the bat
weapons uh Power gives you that right
off the bat damage it is quite awesome
guys quite awesome so back to Ambrosia
here the next thing is try to max out
her wizard she is probably one of the
core members of your wizard teams so
make sure you guys are paying attention
to that okay next is
enchantment all right what I do for her
for right now the way she's set up cuz I
don't have maximized amount of enchant
crystals is I currently am working on
having her increase attack maxed out
increase attack maxed out again here
gave her a little bit of HP so that it
opens up level 40 skill skills and then
I went nuts and went on increased crit
rate and crit damage now I'm currently
actively working on philanthropy
philanthropy is really good because in
the end she can heal insane amounts
insane amounts
guys so uh so we can go check that out
uh but yeah if you had her Divine and
you basically had it maxed out you would
definitely heal even more
uh so yeah the next thing is hero AIDS
what hero AIDS are you supposed to use
for enchantress here are the hero AIDs
that I use for enchantress to try to
make her as op as possible so number one
I start with a blockhead I try to get my
Blockhead to as high level as he
possibly can get it to level 20 skill so
that hero Aid level will be level 14 for
maximize attack rate speeds all right
she really will take a huge huge benefit
for being able to hit really really
fast next what I use is saffre saffre is
basically giving my my
Ambrosia it will increase her HP and
then her damage and HP bonuses will be
multiply by two in Battle Royale but
deals 25% normal and steal damage okay
she gets a huge damage increase by using
this just right off the
bat I understand some people are saying
you know they should probably be using
skull Mage so that you can get attack by
50% increase but damage overall is
better than attack overall so you can
you can kind of you know play with the
two it depends on what levels you have
your hero set to and then last but not
least what I like like to have is
uh Pang goalie the pangoli basically
keeps it so that the hero can survive
for additional time while she hits zero
HP she can still be destructive during
that time she can even land a very huge
heal if she still survives enough and
has that rage so as you guys can see
overall her talents if you had all five
out of five that's plus 15 attack rate
okay uh another thing is the the attack
rate from Blockhead you would get about
uh 40 or 50 let me see you get up to 50
attack rate so that means you would have
65% attack rate so far just having
Blockhead as a hero Aid and having these
talents at five out of five and Lastly
lastly is Insight guys Insight will be
also what will determine how fast you
need her to be so you guys can see at
the end she gets a increased attack rate
by 50% as well okay so let's just say
you got your insights to level 20 you
all you need is basically having a
blockhead and her attack rate will be at
100% cuz the cap rate is
100% the thing is some people add the
blessing downwinds to their account
specifically specifically for those
Heroes that slow the enemy down so if
you are above the 100% cap total that
just represents if someone was to slow
you
down it would just subtract from the
total so if you had
115% attack rate and someone would
reduce You by
35% right you would technically be at
like
80% you would be around 80% % attack
rate because you're subtracting from
115 okay you're subtracting from 118 uh
15 sorry
115% attack rate so if you were to lose
about like 35 or something like that
because of like say toxic Shaman's skill
definitely this this will be very
beneficial just because you are over the
cap so the cap is 100% but the thing is
at the top level people do a lot of
different things where it reduces their
attack rate slows them down and so forth
so you guys can see that all right hope
you guys enjoyed this review make sure
to please like subscribe and share this
is Henry from fun game reviews and I'll
see you guys in the next video Henry is
out