[Music]
hey guys welcome back to the channel
guys today while we were working on some
cars here we want to see if we can bake
cookies and eggs inside the vehicle guys
okay we got everything ready what with
mechanics apron right here guys so we're
going to them to phonic bake cookies
guys today it's only right now John
11:21 guys and it's freaking hot outside
I mean it's right now it's about ninety
eight nine ninety degrees and today it's
supposed to reach 105 okay
and that's in the shade so we'll put a
little bit of butter now okay we're
gonna crack the egg will bake them in
this Audi a4 there we'll see how long
it's going to take now
okay so egg is ready to go in the pan
and Sina we will always wanted to do
that but I always see while we're
working on the cars if we came for an
egg and bake some cookies of course to
get the lunch a little dinner okay
got some cookies now let me show you
guys how hot is in the car enough we put
the cooking thermometer okay right there
that's cooking turn on thermometer okay
let me focus 170 degrees inside the
vehicle 170 guys on the dash so that's
where we're going to play stuff okay
we'll be putting new engine in the Audi
that's your one is you know here we have
the engine and the transmission
yeah probably probably we don't meet the
state requirements for clean cooking but
you know how it is in the shop you
always grab something with their hands
anyways okay
so let's put two cookies and see if we
can bake those now America one is there
one for me one for that okay well maybe
some more for friends if they decide to
stop by are you guys we're ready to
start now
okay let's put them on the dash so
freaking hard now the temperature will
go down because we open the door
hopefully we don't splurge egg that's
support in there guys
we need to sweet swing in the portal
okay and we're going to leave them on
now okay we're gonna see what time we
leave them and we're gonna go work on
the cars a little bit go do a little bit
of swimming stay with us okay and after
that okay we'll see what happens okay it
drop now because we open the doors
but everything is ready as you can see
so let's give it some time now now let's
check what time it is now right so we
know exactly when we put them in we
don't want a boat man alright 11:25
alright guys so we want to eat quick and
right now 106 outside and even hit 107
for little bit so let's go check on the
cookies and the egg and see how
everything looks so we'll have video
guys putting new engine rebuilding one
for that four-wheeler so let's go check
out what's happening with our dinner
because I'm getting a little impatient
just at lunch but don't have anything
for dinner so Oh things like things get
the egg is almost ready so we're gonna
leave it for a little bit more right now
okay let me let me zoom in
190 degrees in the car
okay 190 not just unbelievable let's
let's check the a go yep this thing is
easy ready guys
okay now let me get the phone on and see
how many tickets to Friday okay right
now it's no 151 151 guys and the egg is
done at 190 degrees in the car the
cookies they need a little bit more oh
yeah they need more we will leave them
all you can't even hold the pen it's
it's it's ridiculous so we gotta go to
the to the pool quick guys and we'll
come back to it and see what happens
next
okay thank you zoom in here to see 190
degrees okay guys so we're checking a
little bit and let's see if it's going
to work
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
hey guys that's why we have the little
camera that we're doing review now it's
kind of like one of those kind of like a
GoPro okay so let's see what we have now
guys 160 degrees right now so let's see
check our rec I don't think we can even
eat that again okay let's put it on and
see how they what the cookies look like
they need a little bit more well they
need a little bit a little bit more on
the bottom will cool them a little bit
and see what it looks up the rub because
they're too hot now okay then we have
the X so I think we overcooked our rake
a little bit unfortunately as you can
see it's it's well done from somebody
that likes it that way I guess some
people like their cook well done ok
let's break the middle of it and see
what it looks looks like as well they
retreated yep cook all the way inside ok
check it out it's all the way all the
way good
but it is good stuff guys pretty good so
we got to be and we got the demon ready
Chris beaver
yeah so that's it guys thank you for
watching it
see you guys next time
[Music]