hey what's up guys this is Heth welcome
to my channel and I'm going to be going
over siren build for level 61 um but
yeah let's take a look at the talent
tree that's going to be the first thing
I'm going to go over um a core abilities
um we're going to go over to motion
first because this is the ones that are
most important for uh solo play
accelerate that is your uh your basic
damage your legendary mod is going base
off all these first tiers so obviously
you want to max out all these guys um
Ward the only reason that I would get
Ward is if you have a b the uh Shield
recharge is pretty much the only reason
that you're going to get this Shield
capacity is really not that important
because most of the time you're going to
get that [ __ ] one shot off of you anyway
so I mean yeah it's nice to have more
Shields because 50% of you know max
level Shield is quite substantial but
you mainly want it for the recharge
delay accelerate more gun damage
fantastic love gun damage the more the
better
um motion pretty much plays off uh
thought lock so longer duration for
Thought lock because you're going to be
bouncing from one target to the next and
since it is you know such high level we
can go to cataclysm and uh get ruined
and each time it jumps and it reapplies
to a new Target it's going to reactivate
or reapply ruin which is just kind of
just go insane it really is so we want
ma Max suspension um if there's a lot of
bandits in the area like you're going to
be respecting a lot I mean it depending
on what you're fighting you know you can
pretty much go off you know what you're
going to be fighting if there's going to
be a lot of Bandits and you're going to
get a lot of gunfire you want kinetic
reflection and then you're going to want
to switch your uh class mod to get 10
out of five which is going to make you
immune to gunfire which is really good
but we're not going to go into that
right now I this is just a basic solo
play um I'm going to conquer the game
with this build you know so this is
pretty much your
allaround converge converge draws
everybody into the center of what you
phase locked which is going to be good
for cataclysm so you're going to get
that because it's just it not only does
it you know group them all up it also
stuns everybody in you know that large
radius it throws them off their feet
they're G not going to be shooting at
you pretty much the main thing and with
the be you're going to want that you
don't want them hitting you at all um
cool down yes you want that you want
that thing coming back as quickly as
possible I'm actually right now I'm
actually Geared for a really fast cool
down uh that's what I was talking about
earlier uh jumps from one target to the
next yes um thought lock I don't see a
whole lot of sirens using this ability
but what it basically does is it mind
controls what you're
attacking yes you definitely want that
because not only is he going to be
destroying everybody around them they're
also going to be shooting at him and
that's they'll completely ignore you and
try to get him down which is great uh
these abilities that I don't have
highlighted they're all really good uh
fleet was more of a uh when you get down
to the fight for your life thing
increasing your movement speed then is
so essential because I couldn't tell you
how many times that they'll they'll kite
away from you they'll run back to cover
or whatever and then you you're steadily
trying to get close to them because your
accuracy sucks um which fight for your
life is really good for Hyperion weapons
because it improves your accuracy as
you're trying to kill them uh faster
reload speed and recharge your Shields
after you kill something that's really
good too but there are more important
things that you need to get
uh let's going to go over to cataclysm
flicker I just put one point into this
because I noticed that it's just it
doesn't do quite as much damage in what
I'm going get into later on uh foresight
I'm going to Max that out because reload
speed the faster you reload the more
you're going to be dumping damage down
range after you've done so I mean that's
that's that's mandatory you have to have
that and if somebody tells you this
isn't good and I they just they don't
know what they're talking about ignore
them but uh
emulate go goes down to what I was
saying earlier about the fight for your
life you're going to want to get them
down as quickly as possible I mean if
you're in an area where you're fighting
a bunch of mechs or uh Hyperion loaders
you're just you're not going to want
that at all you're just going to
completely ignore it but uh do not get
do not get HS for God's sakes don't get
it it's a total waste of points it
really is so we're going to get emulate
Chain Reaction I don't see a whole lot
of people using this either but what
what it does is it when you hit
something it bounces off to another when
you've got them phas locked or thought
locked which you have a humongous
duration on thought lock right now
because of the uh the how we have our
points
allocated you're going to
seriously uh increase your fighting
capabilities by 40% by 40% that's
huge all right and Reaper you're going
to want that maxed out blight Phoenix is
total garbage yeah you look cool but
uh no I mean even if you are fighting a
bunch of things that are constantly
rushing you like stalkers or or you know
R not racks but you know those little
skags those guys we don't want that
point we don't point we don't put
anything into that we're going to put
one in Cloud kill and then we could use
this as a fer to get the cataclysm to
get ruined because uh this is your bread
and butter of the of the uh the siren
build really because not only does it
slag
everything it also just completely
destroys Shields with elemental damage
it's just it's so nice to have it when I
first got this skill I thought it was
more of like a looks cool and it spams
damage a little bit but but no you
definitely want it for the slag it just
slags everything in low radius so that's
another reason we got the converge as
well um all right the last three points
um I
uh ah it's it's really hard to say
between mind eye and sweet release but
since I have points on the uh from the
class mod 30% extra critical damage is
such a huge amount at this high levels
it really is but the healing you're
going to get from sweep release is
pretty nice and because you're bouncing
your um your thought lock between one
target to the next you're if if you if
you focus that guy that you have thought
locked you're really going to get a lot
of healing in so uh two is more than
sufficient but yeah this is my uh this
is my my little Clash tree whatever so
um yeah I'll do some game play in a
little bit but um let's look at the
gear my gear is a real mess right now
I've been uh farming eex because eex are
the best guns in the game these parall
lescence they're they're okay but
they're they're not what the echs
are um I'll show you where to farm those
here in a second uh the B I know it's
not 61 I Hunter Hell Quest has not been
nice to me at all at
all I uh actually got this from a chest
uh the same chest I've been trying to
farm eex
from which you know we all know that's
that's so nice it really is I mean
that's that's where you have to go for a
class mod unless you're fighting a bunch
of Bandits and you want to get the
kinetic reflection 10 out of 10 and
that's usually what I switch
between but yeah a bunch of hard-hitting
Bandits that's not oh you're going to
want your kinetic
reflection uh just something for life um
slag you know
wooho uh I didn't want that um what I
want is faster
cooldowns and I'll show you why all
right um I'm going to show you that
chest that I was talking about where I
farm eex it's it's super easy it's right
here you you know you got your fast
travel station that's pretty much your
link to everywhere in the world but uh
yeah you just run down
here and if you leave the game you can
go farm this chest as much as you like
um I have no idea what this thing is
going to give me um I haven't
predetermined this video I'm not editing
it at all whatever happens happens but
uh you can get the uh the gist of see
what we
get out of rare that's garbage um but
yeah that's uh that's pretty much it
that's where you want to get all your
eex and I've gotten some uh pretty nice
legendaries from there
too this is why I'm talking about how
it's going to jump from one guy to the
next and it's going to require
ruin
just obliterating everything in my
path you can you can see the uh thought
locks already up
again fast cool Downs is where it's at
OU and after all these kills I'm getting
a uh sweet release off and just keep me
nice and topped
off um that's pretty much the uh Joy of
being a siren right now as far as I can
see it um I haven't really played around
with any other classes I've been playing
a uh I don't know what the hell I'm
shooting
at oh no that's what I was talking about
emulate that's added gun damage just oh
I love it I love
it switch to a oh oh my mouse is acting
crazy I'm running walking backwards what
I'm not doing
that what the hell that was that was
weird that was really weird I've never
had that
happen yeah this gun's pretty fun it's
like a little Bouncing Betty whenever I
want one nice little
AOE I'm sucking right now it's kind of
late but yeah I've just been watching a
lot of siren videos lately and
uh yeah I just I haven't seen one
exactly how I build but yeah that's uh
it's pretty much how I do
it I hope you liked my uh siren video
I'm going go ahead and quit out of here
and post this on YouTube so uh people
can get a uh different point of view on
siren post to what everybody else posts
uh leave me some uh comat um comments
feedback let me know how I did thanks
guys