hello I'm Alice Gibson from Gibson
antiques
chiraq song works of art I like to talk
to you about collecting ivory and ivory
figures here are my hands I have a very
fine little 19th century Chinese ivory
group which depicts a scholar a lady and
attendants playing the ancient Chinese
game would go a form of Chinese chess in
other words you can see this made from a
single piece of ivory the tip of a
elephant horn and probably carved around
1860 1870 something like that when
buying ivory carvings today is important
to make sure that you're buying genuine
antique ivory why something that's
carved over 100 years ago that way
there's no problems with animal health
and sight ease regulations the magic
date for saya tease information is to
make sure that you're buying something
which is pre 1947 you give yourself a
good rule of thumb I it's over 100 years
old
you're not going to fall foul of that
regulation if you contact
Defra website and type in animal health
online will be taken to the page where
you can apply for a society's license
and the relevant government official
you'll find very helpful by contacting
them
alternatively if not get your shipping
company tip to apply for license for you
and they normally make a small charge
providing you're collecting genuine
antique pieces and your notes fueling
the modern smoking trade of Arica
illicit lee coming from Africa
then you're least making these animals
who have died for this beautiful artwork
their lives are not in vain