today we've got our spider fighter traps
you get 12 in all and these are the best
things that catching spiders that you're
ever gonna use I have to tell you I have
a great fear of spiders it's taken me
about a half hour just to get the
courage to do this and you'll see why in
a little bit but let me show you how
easy these are to use and to put
together now there's instructions on
each one how to put it together but a
couple of things
there's creases all along there we found
to just fold every crease pre fold a
little bit it makes it easier then
you're gonna pull off the flap and one
big rule this is the sticky part and
then just like I said fold it over tuck
the flap in and now you've got a trap
ready to say uses non-toxic glue so it's
safe for your pets and children it does
capture other things we placed these
around the office so come around with me
to see what we've caught place them
along the baseboards and it'll catch
them as well as other creepy crawlies
it lasts for about three months and then
you need to throw it away the nice thing
is you never have to touch a spider you
just throw the strap away when it's
filled or if the three months is up as
you can see it's caught all kinds of
spiders and this is really hard for me
to sit here I'm totally freaked out why
didn't that do this video but we've got
a 12 of these available as our deal
today so go ahead and grab them