the fleas stop moving the dawn has
worked a lot of the fleas will go to the
face make sure to get the Nick area um
you have to use straight Dawn you cannot
put water on the dog first this is a
puppy that we just got saved um it was
infested with
fleas and the dip is a little harsh for
their skin so we did the dawn um and as
you can tell there's not many on its
body because once you do the dawn they
do run straight to to the face so make
sure to do the neck area first and the
the butt area cuz they will run into the
anus and then the ears cuz they will go
into the ears once they hit the face
they are going to try and go into the
nose area of the dog so make sure to
cover the nose area too um when you go
to wash this off it's not a whole lot of
fun but um it is going to help them
tremendously
so just be careful all right thanks