alright guys welcome back to my channel
today it's kind of exciting day I've
decided to make a little short video
about starting hydroponic for getting
started growing tomatoes just like these
in your house all winter long so without
further ado let's get started it's
really simple there's just a few things
I've got a pretty sure I got everything
out here that I need you're just going
to need some small jars like these just
just a small container to separate your
concentrations of your different growing
medium here
from the big containers before you put
them in there they need it they need a
slightly less concentrated solution
while they're growing when you're
germinating seeds just water then when
they get a certain size then you just go
up a little bit in concentration and
then once they get a few good leaves
they get fairly large they have a pretty
good root system go when you can just go
ahead and throw them into the main batch
until they get a lot larger and then
we'll increase the concentration again
to get them to produce flowers which
will eventually get you some nice really
nice Tomatoes just like these so these
are just a cherry tomato alright any
kind of small tomato is going to work
great I think you may unless you have a
really good lighting setup you may have
issues growing larger Tomatoes very
quickly but these are growing really
well just enough I've got one plant and
it continually look continually likes to
grow over 10-foot so let's go ahead and
get started
here are some little seedlings that I
grown I'm going to transplant all of
them and then I'll weed out which one
grows the best the couple that are the
best in the end so alright so I got five
jars here these are just small mason
jars you can get them anywhere
cheap expensive whatever whatever you
have it doesn't matter you don't even
have to use these you can use small
Tupperware containers just as long as
you can fit a small net cup such as this
or if you like using bigger net cups
then you'll have to use a bigger
container of course just whatever just
whatever works for you so I'm going to
go ahead and put these net cups down in
these jars so this parts really simple
you just need expanding clay pebble I
don't I got these on Amazon they're
pretty cheap and the coolest thing about
them is that they're reusable I don't
know how long you can reuse them for but
I've been grazing the same ones for
several years now no issues just let
them dry I've heard you can also
sterilize them and dry them out even
better putting on the oven at a low
temperature for a while
but I've never done that I just let them
sit in a jar like this up or shallow
dish and let them air out what we do to
start out with this it's after your
seedlings are a certain size you don't
want the roots to be too large they'll
start there we start getting too hard to
get them into this TechNet cup so you
got to find that perfect ratio I don't
know if you can see but they just have
these just single roots coming out and
it's not too much to manage I like to
start mine a little lower because
especially Tomatoes they will actually
need a lot more support especially when
they're young so you can get them up
into a cage and support them that way
but I'll try to start them a little
lower and as they get bigger I'll pile
more of those and around them to try to
support it a little bit better here's my
first little tomato plant that's ready
to go in just have it down about halfway
up the net KUB worth of
I pedaled here so and I'm just going to
stick it's got a long this one's got a
long root I'm going to try to get it
down below and through the net cut like
hands just kind of get it down to where
it's going to hang down into the water
when we get the water in there alright
so what I did was I kind of took some of
the some of the clay pebbles out and got
the root down to where I want it this is
by no means of science this is just more
an art than anything just kind of get
you get the feel of it one thing you
don't want to do is put too big of a
pebble sitting right on top of your of
your plant it they can smash the roots
and they can't smash the stems of the
plant pretty easily and that's no good
you know what to do that there we go
alright so you can easily see the root
goes down and actually drops down into
the you can't see it's really hard to
see it looks like a crack but it's just
you can kind of see the root down there
she kind of fix down that way I kind of
can gauge where the water needs to be
having some roots is really nice because
then you can gauge the water levels a
lot easier than if you didn't have a
very big rebase at all but like I said
earlier too big of a rebase is also an
issue so alright so nope no pinching of
the stem going on there that's good I'm
gonna keep it what keep it least
restricted as possible kind of
simulating natural dirt it also gives
this little plant huh there we go yeah
perfect alright see it not very many
pebbles in there now but this it's going
to grow up grow bigger it's going to
grab these roots will grab all along
that neck all along that net cup take up
the whole net cup as much as as much as
it can the net cup is really the biggest
structure the clay pebbles really help
it a lot until it gets bigger
and just help hold on to some of that
moisture a little longer depending on
your system so they're really good
really good especially in a start then
you have to have them for sure when
you're starting amount small and these
are by far superior to the plugs which
I've had bad experiences with trying to
get roots to grow through them so all
right so that's that's it for that now
we're just going to fill it up with some
growth solution I'm going to quickly go
over into growth solution and the
concentrations and how to prepare it
real quick I've already prepared it so
I'm not going to prepare it in front of
you guys there's plenty of stuff and
also the instructions are crazy easy so
I make it stupid easy by following
exactly or having the recipe that keeps
the numbers simple but you can do as
much or as little as you want
so what I use is this system by general
hydroponics it comes in a three part
system for growth for micro and flora
bloom so it contains three separate
ratios of what you need to do different
things and these comes with set but you
can buy them in bulk and save a little
bit of money but these things last a
long time unless you're growing tomatoes
then of course this one gets really
eaten up my one tomato plant has drained
this one so but this is great for having
a blooming or blooming plants like not
flowering varieties and that's what
Tomatoes flower really well and my
tomatoes are taken off really well since
I've changed the solution up and have a
higher concentration of this as
according to the instructions so let's
go ahead and look at that for seedlings
and cut length you have four floor grow
four micro and floor bloom 1/4 teaspoon
per gallon or 33 milliliters per 100
liters so I use teaspoon per gallon
and I just mixed up 1/4 of the flora
grow 1/4 the flora micro and 1/4
teaspoon of flora bloom and mix that all
into one gallon and I've got about a
half gallon here left will show you that
it really doesn't look much different
than water
especially when I'm against this wood
table it's just it's a really pale
solution it doesn't have very many
nutrients at all yeah starik floating in
it okay well so what I'm going to do is
I'm going to fill this up and what I
like to do is I like to get it about
half way up the route that allows the
route to breathe at the top and soak up
as much water in nutrients as it needs
in the water and I like to keep it about
that ratio about halfway up the roots
you know throughout the whole growth
period at certain point
I'll keep it about the same water level
on the bucket regardless of how big the
roots get just so that the roots
constantly get air as well as constantly
get water so and that's key especially
to this method where I don't use a
single bubbler the only thing that
requires electricity in my system or
maintenance is my lights and of course
solutions and water but where I like to
keep the water I'm going to kind of
knock them over okay I'll pick them back
up in a second there we go
that'll be good like I said just keep a
good eye on where your roots are and
your water levels are at all times
you know just check it once a day once
okay two days if you get really really
busy but just be careful yeah that's
pretty much it really set this under a
sunny place just a really nice sunny
window
or under a nice set of grow lights
pretty close don't get it
just insanely close to where the heats
going to really affect them especially
if you use like CFL bulbs
they do get a little warm not can't
damage then if you get them too close
but I like to keep them about 6 to 10 10
inches or so when they're starting out
and I you can easily get them as long as
like a foot and he'll be just fine
so I'm going to put this in the think
and that will be it for this video I'm
going to do the rest of these and I
really really hope that you enjoyed this
video I hope that it is really useful
and that you're going to know how to
grow your own like super amazing
tomatoes even in the winter if you're
like me and you like tomatoes all year
round there it's just a no-brainer so
yeah thanks for watching please leave a
comment below if you have any questions
or if you just liked it let me know I
like the video share with your friends
if they would enjoy it so thanks a lot
have a good one