good morning guys Christian Prescott
here with math art refinishing thank you
so much for joining our video blog again
just got off the phone with the customer
concerning cleaning a bathtub after it's
been refinished and maintaining you know
that clean look and the integrity of the
bathtub after it's been refinished so I
figured I'd take advantage and do a
quick video blog giving you guys at that
same exact feedback I always recommend
and push unit using Scrubbing Bubbles
this product is the best no I don't work
for these guys I don't receive anything
for saying this but this product is the
best it's a non abrasive product you
could find it anywhere Home Depot
Walmart Publix you name it virtually
anywhere that you probably shop I found
this one it actually has a lemon scent
it's not as strong and this one's just a
little more pleasant for me maybe you
like the original more but I found this
one the original has a green cap this
one has a yellow cat but as mentioned
this stuff is the best for a refinished
surface the way the way to use it is
just hold it four to six inches away
from from from the surface that you're
cleaning let it stand you know that
depending on how dirty the surface is
just let it sit for two five minutes max
and then wipe it I always recommend
using either a microfiber cloth or just
a non abrasive sponge you can find these
at Walmart Publix as well a lot of
sponges will have one side that's um
it's that's real abrasive and it could
actually scratch the surface and then
the soft side if you do have those just
assure you're always using the soft side
but you could find these that that both
sides are you know nice and soft and are
easy you'll also notice that well at
least with our refinished projects here
at bath art cleaning is going to be a
lot easier so just you know a light
spray of the Prada
and then a light wipe down it is more
than sufficient you're not gonna have
any of that real harsh deep cleaning
that you probably had prior to
refinishing all of our projects here at
Bath art refinishing come complete with
solid seven year warranties or the only
company that offers such a strong
warranty the truth is that if refinished
fixtures is done correctly if it's
cleaned right we use an acid wash here
prior to any primer will come in and
acid wash the bathtub and then will
mechanically sand the bathtub and then
sand it by hand make sure that it's
completely edged and completely you know
as as abrasive as possible so that when
that paint is applied it sticks and
adheres correctly we also uniquely use a
DuPont self etching primer here it's the
best in the industry we use up to two
coats of our primer and that's followed
by four coats of our exclusive topcoat
give us a call here at eight zero zero
two O six five nine five eight extension
zero and I'll give you full details on
our topcoat and once the projects
complete it's followed by our seven-year
warranty as mentioned you receive that
in writing it's it's no gimmicks
protects the project against chipping
peeling and discoloration if any of
those issues occur just give us a call
and we're back out there within seven
days and it doesn't cost the customer
doesn't cost you guys a dime that's our
guarantee to you the key for us is to
complete the job correctly the first
time and and that's by following the
steps I mentioned earlier skipping no
steps and assuring that it's done
correctly that way we could offer that
that's solid
you know warranty the truth is that a
properly refinished bathtub if all those
steps are taken and it's done correctly
should last a minimum of twenty years
without a doubt so us offering the seven
year warranty is is nothing
sionis it's just an honest warranty for
us anyways I hope that answers your
guys's questions as far as cleaning and
as far as our respect that warranty goes
once again Scrubbing Bubbles this stuff
is the best you could pick it up
anywhere any shopping center what will
have it if you guys are in Kuwait even
five hills shopping center will have it
and yeah sponges sponges just think not
abrasive sponges and and and you'll be
good to go
once again reaches here eight zero zero
two oh six five nine five eight
extension zero or if you're here local
in Orlando four oh seven nine five two
zero nine five eight have a great week
we'll see you soon thank you so much for
joining us