in this video I'm going to show you how
to harvest your oregano you can begin
harvesting oregano when it's about six
inches tall and you want to harvest it
frequently that's going to encourage
more leaf growth it's also going to
prevent it from going to bloom and then
to seed whenever an herb is focusing on
going to bloom and producing seeds
that's where the majority of the energy
goes and so you'll have less leaves on
your plant I've got a couple of
different varieties of oregano and when
I harvest my herbs I always try to stick
to harvesting one variety at a time if
the flavors are different and with the
types of oregano I have they are so
we're going to be harvesting off of this
plant here so you can see here we have
some nice bright green leaves they're
full it hasn't started to bud or flower
yet so this is a great area to harvest
from you'll notice through here this
plant has quite a bit of damage on the
leaves something's been eating it so
this is an area that I would leave alone
I've got from the top and I'm going to
go all the way down I've got some
kitchen scissors and I'm just going to
snip it
and I'm going to be dehydrating this so
I'm going to go ahead and harvest a
large amount of it still making sure
that I don't cut back more than 20% went
ahead and finished clipping all of the
oregano that I wanted for today I'm
going to go ahead and take it inside and
show you how to get it washed and dried
and ready to use