hi I'm Kimberly with the fat quarter
shop and today we're here with Jill
Finley of Jalili studio and today she's
been teaching us all about Apple pay
that Jalili way and one of the things
that I think is really original about
the way you do things is how you do your
freezer paper template we're just going
to quickly in this video show you how to
make a template I'm going to start with
the powder so I whatever powder you have
for your applique you take out your
pattern sheet and then you're going to
trace it now this pattern happens to
come from the bows and toasts quilt
which is hanging behind us here you'll
notice it has some of the pieces have a
dotted line and some have a solid line
and make sure you put all of those
markings in your template so when you're
tracing it you're going to put your just
one single sheet over your pattern and
just trace and then the reason it
doesn't matter if I use pencil or pen is
I put it in the middle I put a sheet on
top of it and then when I press fuse
these layers together all four pieces of
freezer paper and that's just going to
fuse those pieces together you want to
have all of the shiny side facing down
and all of your dual side facing up if
you have two shiny sides facing each
other you'll end up with a beautiful
piece of cardstock it won't work so make
sure you have one shiny side it sticks
to your ironing surface and you take it
off and now you're ready to cut see I
can still see that line in there but
it's not going to smear when I iron I
love this idea Jill thanks so much for
sharing it I think it's just ingenious
thank you it was great to be here make
sure to watch all of Jill's other videos
on the fat quarter shop YouTube channel
thanks for watching
you