hey
everyone for today I will be making
another video but this video for today
will be on plant
here for today I will be giving you um
information on how to care for a prayer
plant so here's my prayer plant right
here I bought this about 2 months
ago at the time of my birthday and this
it's grown a lot ever since I had
it and it's here enjoying the indirect
sunlight through this
window and pray plants they like to have
moist oil so it so if you're a person
who forgets to water your plants it's
probably isn't the best plant for you
and it's sensitive to changes and it's
environment because or or might you
might see some damage to the leaves or
some or might drop some and then with a
light it it likes to have about indirect
sunlight most of the time it will
tolerate some direct sunlight like in
the morning hours which my plant does
get and I water W too dry and don't and
don't water it too much or the roots
will rck and soon I will make a
repotting video because this plant is
starting to grow out of its pot as you
can
see and it's doing really well and at
night it closes its leav and I would
like to
also present in this video the progress
of some of my plants that are having
major progress here's my mother-in-law's
tongue right here and right there you
see the green thing that's sticking out
of the soil that's a new stock that's
popping out of the soil and I'm excited
about this and soon it's gonna be more
underground RMS and have more leav
Sprout and also I want to show my zzy
C um here it is and last winter it did
lose a lot of stems due to cold weather
and so then I took a lot of the
surviving Le
and attempted to propagate it and it
worked it has rooted but now it has
things sprouting out out of it now so
I'm going to have tons of zzy plants
soon and this plant is really a true
plant that you should get if you're new
to Growing house plants well this is a
wrap up for today's video and I hope you
enjoyed this video if you have any
questions about plants you can leave a
comment below thanks for watching my
video