hi Tim Souza here chef a poor judgment
Bar and Grille Newport Rhode Island I've
been a chef locally for 10 years and I
get the question all the time can I use
heavy cream in a milkshake the answer is
absolutely the only difference is heavy
cream has a higher fat content it's a
little thicker so we're going to use a
couple ingredients to thin out the
milkshake and give you the desired
result that you're looking for so today
we're going to make a banana chocolate
strawberry milkshake using heavy cream
so you're going to start out with a
little bit of diced banana some frozen
strawberries 3/4 of a cup of heavy cream
and place them the milk that we would
have used some chocolate chunk and of
course some chocolate ice cream so when
we go ahead and put all these
ingredients in the blender about 2 cups
of ice cream in there you could use
vanilla or whatever you like chocolates
my fancy and I pour the milk right in
there actually this is heavy cream sorry
bananas then we have our frozen
strawberries and last but not least our
dr. dark chocolate that's all going to
go in the blender right on here in about
30 seconds we'll have a wonderful
milkshake the top on tight
and there you have a chocolate banana
milkshake made with heavy cream
let's try looks delightful as you can
see a little thicker than you would have
with milk but just as delicious
you