hi everybody Paul here again so back a
few years ago I had some rooms in my
house that I wanted to do some crown
molding in crown molding just gives it a
really beautiful uh accent and just that
that special
flare and um so I went to the store I
got my crown molding and I knew the
corners were going to be the toughest
and so I started practicing on the
quarters and I just could not get the
quarters to seat
tight to my satisfaction and uh more
than likely you're going to have the
same problem too uh what you come to
find out is you your Corners in your
house you know they're not Square
plumber straight and Each corner is
different and rep and uh has its own
challenges and I also found out really
the only way you can do the
quarters uh you know satisfactory is
it's something you got to do every day
uh to really be good at it so anyway I I
wish somebody had told me what I'm about
to tell you and it'll make your life a
lot easier and it's uh these here
they're called quarter
blocks and uh they've also got them for
outside quarters and they're real easy
to install you put you put this up first
and you know you can get these in wood
or plastic uh you know if you want to
stain it you're going to have the wood
these are just plastic so uh because I
just painted them but all you have to do
is just you seat this into the wall real
tight and up at the ceiling tight and
then there's a tab on the side which
will allow you to SC scw it real tight
into the corner and then you just get
your crown molding and just just cut a 9
and it'll fit in real tight and then I
just uh I feathered it in with CA as you
can see and then I painted it but uh it
it went pretty easy doing it this way
and if I had it to do all over
again you know even if I could you know
do
quarters uh really good I would still I
would use these quarter blocks I just
really like the character it gives it
and uh I think you'll like them too and
uh you know I think I got these at Home
Depot but you can buy these these blocks
on you know I think they're available on
Amazon and eBay so anyway
um just an idea out there and I hope
that helps somebody out there God bless
you have have a great day we'll talk
again soon bye for now