everyone this is scuffs cup again yup
look at the opening scene you know I'm a
little crazy but like I say I want to
make these videos as real as possible
here we have some mustard on my pool
table here we have my wife's nail polish
there we go let's paint that one in it's
kind of the same color as the cover so
that one might be a little tough to
recognize but Benjamin more all-purpose
primer again there we go in yellow clean
up clean brushes and equipment with
mineral spirits there we go people is
the paint is the paint brush on my pool
table cloth I mean this is just crazy
people don't do this stuff ah but I feel
so strong about this product I just have
to tell everybody about it here we go
first thing I tell anybody is to get the
original mess off the table first
mustard let's get that off okay
let's block some of the ink and paint
off what the camera can see that butts
taking it off alright now what I want to
do is take my winning colors out I just
want to put this a little bit skin
friendly remember that stuff like this
happens as people have pool tables I
have parties mustard gets on it all
kinds of stuff gets on the cloths
alright what we want to do is just rub
it in its activate it kind of there we
go all we want to do is take on water
set it to screen we're going to work on
a mustard one first let's get that one
out of there there we go all I'm taking
it's just a cloth rag I'm looking at um
you see all the yellow coming up
get a little bit more water okay here we
go still taking it up nice so we want to
see just a little more left let me zoom
in a little bit if I can on these I'm
doing them okay let's get that must've
one out of that remember the skin from
eco friendly go on their website WWC a I
mean winning brands dot CA and check
them up on a store locator and punch in
your zip code when I go in my house I
can make this demo really quick and I'll
go on the computer real quick and show
you what goes on on that website get
this stuff of eco geeks calm and agua
City calm stuff feels great I love this
stuff anyone with a pool table at least
for me it's working it goes the mustard
I would say that mustard stain is 100%
out now we have nail polish I don't
think the camera is picking that up
because it's actually almost the same
color as the cloth but say you know I
can actually see red coming out swag
that some water keep working it in
there we go well if you can see the
cloth being and see the red and the nail
polishing I still see a little mom I put
a little more on both I said just work
them in it's all you have to do just
keep working it in I like using a sling
choose the penetrate little better I
said just keep working to send the cloth
yeah we've got can see some of the red
from the nail polish and the phone I
don't think the camera is going to pick
this off but I would say there's a
little more red I don't know if we can
see it it's probably about 90% out let's
take a little more there we go just
trying to work it in with your fingers
so all stuffs everywhere in can in a
hallmark and Home Depot camera I'll pay
the entire Zellers set Home Depot Home
Hardware candidates all although we can
guy said is a great product everyone
should have it see hope still taking out
some more red just hit hint a red left
that nail polish so let's work on the
one we can see right now which is the
paint okay let's say
it's definitely coming up a little bit
let's say good I have to work at it see
go friendly and skin friend that's a
pool table close so I don't really dig
at it with your fingernail let's see
what we got for the camera no if you can
zoom in on that a little bit better
okay wanna keep working out I said it's
very gentle
this isn't your mom is a cleaner yeah
this is uh it's the state of the hot
stuff and this stuff's the greatest I
mean would your mom used to tell you put
two ounces of lemon on the stain when it
sit for an hour off with some water what
else would you tell you they fill and
take a shot of Jack Daniels so kitten
shot of Jack Bauer shot a glass of Jack
Daniel's let it sit there and hopefully
he'll come up not here look at this
little table cloth well I know plenty of
people out there have stains on the pool
tape across plenty let me just say that
plenty of people stain is slowly out
look at this but if you can tell this
mark here you can see it is a pool cue
scraping the cloth that's what that is
but we try to zoom in okay
it's probably 85 90 % out it's a little
more let's not go too crazy keep working
at it I'm saying all you're seeing is
finger tips it's all I'm doing
trust me this stuff happens you got kids
what if you daughter playing on a pool
table at the nail polish out bowl what
do you do what do you do well I take out
when it cause that's what I do but there
we go slowly work this in keep taking a
cloth this is now I would officially say
95% out maybe people can see that for
the camera but here we go
tryna show you what we got going on here
and it's a little dad more all right I'm
gonna keep working on just a little bit
very gentle okay
take my screen will want to penetrate
that take your cloth I don't like using
paper towels for this use a rag that's
all this is and they said well if anyone
sees any more paint on you I know I
don't maybe it's just me that says no
more red coming up and it's hard to tell
if there is weight coming up anymore but
I see a little tiny bit rate there's a
little tiny speck keep working it in
this stuff is a great 50 detail cause
probably I would I would definitely get
this stuff I mean people would paint on
their seats and stuff and maybe I'll do
a demo on that what would be like here
we go a little bit more water just blot
it so we want to do is just blot it and
can we say that these stains are
officially gone well they look pretty
good to me about anybody else like I
said this is a scratch from a pool cue
they came across that's all that is but
uh it looks pretty good to me it's like
scuffs Cup and winning colors took three
two paints down and I mustard stain down
off a pool table cloth alright I'll see
you guys in a bit have a good one