hello I'm Blair Gilbert Mr hardware and
we're here today to install an
underground down spout now what we sell
Gilbert's Hardware is an underground
downspout kit it's going to comprise of
a debris filter uh 4in PVC Street 90 a
4in
pvct and a green
strainer this is going to take and allow
us to catch water strain out the leaves
go out 10 ft from the house this and the
strainer are going to be our termination
points now what else we need with this
kit that we're not supplying is you're
going to need a bag of PE Stone you need
10 ft of 4 in thin wall that would be
schedule 30
PVC a level a shovel and a pulle diger
and what we're going to do is we're
going to dig a trench from the down
spout use a debris filter to filter the
water we're going to come out 10 ft from
the house we need the level cuz we need
about one inch of pitch that would be
downward slope then underneath the tea
will be the bag of PE Stone which will
allow the water to disperse in the
ground so this system will not hold
water and freeze in the winter
time here's our underground down spout
all ofle we have the de fter going into
the street 90 Street 90 going into the
Hub the PVC which comes female on one
end this end is hug and we're going to
go down to this end
we come down to this end the PVC is
coming into a te we have a little piece
of pipe coming up to our strainer this
is going to be our overflow so when this
pipe ever too much rain comes in the
system fills with water the water will
come out here on the ground the Ste just
pushes under the pipe we don't care if
any of this is glued together because
this is going to be all going into the
ground anyway we're going to choose
where we cut the pipe the down Sprout so
that our thebr filter will be able to be
above ground so it doesn't fill with
dirt I think we've chosen a good spot
here even with the bottom of the
[Applause]
S and then now for Extra Strength we're
going to put a couple of screws in the
debris filter
to attach it to the
wall then we're going to take our elbow
and pip drop it in the
trench SL on the bra filter pack some
dirt underneath this to hold this end up
and now we have to worry about that end
our termination is going to be into a te
the tea is going to be sitting on top of
a post hole I'm going to dig at the end
of this pipe I'm going to fill that post
hole it's about 2T deep I'm going to
fill it with P sto that way when it
rains and it's spring and fall the water
won't be trapped in this pipe it will
always drain in that post hole that's
filled with pone while the excess water
will come up to the top the tea onto a
grid drain out onto the ground so here
we are we're just wrapping up our
postal get that down here about 3 ft or
so pulled out all the excess dirt now we
want to do is put the piece stone in
there so that when this T sets on top of
that P Stone this T is set right on top
of this Stone the whole reason for the P
stone is unlike some
systems that just use elbow with the
door this system when it runs and it's
raining hard the PE Stone will absorb
water until it fills once it's saturated
this point being lower than the debris
filter the water will drain out on the
ground
so this as opposed to a door will always
drain CU any water left in this pipe
will eventually drain in the PE Stone
and this pipe will not stay filled with
water and freeze another advantage of
the system is is later we can pop the
filter off we can reach down in the hole
and we can pull leaves and debris and
things that will accumulate here this
system is easy to clean and maintain
year after year as we're filling in the
trench we filled it about about halfway
we're going to do we're going to use the
power of water get the Earth Here
compress filling underneath the P the
pipe cuz we don't want it settling on us
and water hands to be a
terrific compactor of
soil well we've got most of the dirt
placed back in the hole now we have to
doing this right back over the top we'll
throw a little bit of seed on top of
this right time we're done you'll never
know we were here actually in two weeks
you'll hardly know we were
here and you can see at the end here we
have cut the PVC to bring the strainer
up flesh with the ground so now the lawn
more won't hit it people won't trip on
it and yet as I says earlier I need to
maintain the system I can pull this out
of here you can see down in the Hall you
can see our PE Stone see some of the
dirt and mud around it from our
construction here and it all works out
just perfect
okay Mr hardw here to show you that
there are still some quality products
made in America this Gilmore hose nazzle
padded and insulated has a little rubber
cushion that goes under the very end of
the nozzle so that when you drop it on
the ground doesn't crack or ruin the
threads on the end of the
nozzle and this nozzle as you see is
totally leak proof we've had these out
here for years now and it works just
terrific our underground down spout that
we just installed and this is doing a
trific job of getting every the grass
seat wet so here this nozzle is going to
be on special at MRH hardware.com