the folks from The Melting Pot have
joined us this morning this is Benjamin
boss and the reason he's here is because
tomorrow is national cheese fondue day
just another reason to eat cheese fondue
uh this is um the finished product that
you had made earlier what's this one
spinach and artichoke spinach and
artichoke and it looks and smells
delicious but you can also get um really
good dessert fondue at The Melting Pot
one of the best things about the Melting
Pot is the variety um and the chocolate
uh the desserts are amazing we have milk
white and dark chocolate this is uh one
of our most popular chocolate Fu the
Flaming Turtle it's milk chocolate and
I'm just going to do a little
demonstration here okay uh so we have
the milk chocolate here we're going to
add some caramel to
it do you need help stirring or anything
sure okay would you really stir it or am
I no you would absolutely I'll stir it
and then we have bicardi 151 ooh and we
do this table side too so it's kind kind
of a it's kind of a cool presentation
okay you're not going to burn my hands
are you should I
move oh my goodness can you see it we
can see it there it is that is so
awesome guest really like that it's kind
of oh oh my goodness okay watch your
tie do you do this right at the table we
do we do this table side yeah we flambay
uh most of the chocolate table side okay
so there's that and we've got and then
all we do is uh garnish with the pecans
and if you want to go ahead and try a
sample can we've got our Dipper plate
here with fresh strawberries bananas
rice krispies pound cake cheesecake and
brownies how about a banana here you go
chocolate and
banana full
messy M that's amazing pretty good huh I
can't wait to eat the cheese stuff
either thank you so much you're welcome
we will be right back you're watching
Good Day Wisconsin and I'm going to keep
eating how about a strawberry this time
perfect