hi youtubers and subscribers and welcome
to story hill ders off-grid kitchen
again yes
and looking for more canning of videos
because it is that time of year and I'm
going to share share share so today
we're going to be doing zucchini and
zucchini is exploding in my garden as
I'm sure it is with you so I want to
share really quick and easy and fast
recipe to get your zucchini canned and
in that pantry because that's what it's
all about growing your own food and
putting it in the pantry for long term
it's just so cool I love being so
self-sufficient ok so let's get started
the first thing we need to do is go to
the grocery store ok so here I am at the
grocery store food you guys of course
I'm not going to go to the grocery store
I am gonna go read into my garden and
look at this oh this is so cool
we're gonna pick some peppers and look
at the peppers ok a week ago I did that
update on the garden you I am just look
at this bang boom Bop
pow pow this is awesome so let's get
picking some peppers when it comes to
the pepper you know what you guys pick
whatever you have in the garden and
that's exactly what I am doing I've got
a couple bananas here I am going to pick
oh look at I got some great bells and
you know just oh this one's probably
ready I'm gonna get this one it's going
to take 12 cups of zucchini so I am
going to double that recipe and I'm
going to need a couple of the peppers
how many hot peppers I think I'm going
to add in there and these Hungarian
waxes are hot so you can do a jalapenos
you can do Hungarian waxes you can do
chili peppers whatever but pick yourself
some hot ones for this recipe ok ok and
now the other fun part I love going and
picking my zucchini I mean look at this
this is just a
go and everyday I come out here and
there is squash and zucchini look at
this they're just everyday so I am going
to pick oh this monster holy moly
and so because I am doubling the recipe
it's actually going to be 24 cups but
look at this beautiful basket
I just come out here even though I need
zucchini I am picking just about
everything but isn't that beautiful
oh it's like a basket that God touched
well he did he created all of this is
I'm so excited oh okay and the other
thing that I don't really have to pick
from the garden but we had early bolting
for our onions so I've got onions that
are ready to go and that the recipe does
call for onions if you like onions grab
a lot I'm just going to add those to my
basket and if you don't like a lot of
onions you don't have to grab a lot
isn't this awesome okay now let's go get
inside and get started okay I'm not
going to show you the boring part but
what you're going to have to do the day
before is you're going to have to take
your zucchinis and you're going to have
to shred to 24 cups or if you're doing
half the recipe 12 cups of zucchini then
you're going to add 1/3 cup of canning
salt kosher salt or I just use my my
pink salt my pink salt is just fine you
are going to mix it up I've got 12 cups
in here 12 cups in there you're going to
mix it up mix it up and put it in the
refrigerator overnight and let it set
when you are ready in the morning like
we are now you are going to take the
zucchini and you are going to rinse
rinse rinse it and rinse it again and
squeeze it out real good and now it's
going to be ready for the rest of the
fresh vegetables alright so just so you
can see how starry Hildur works I I do a
little bit of everything I like to hand
chop I got my big old a knife that I
love and I do chop a lot of things by
hand but you can see I also got my ninja
I like my ninja this really dices and
slide
says I like it so I put my onions in
there so I didn't have to dice those fry
it by hand anything goes with this
recipe people just cut up all your
peppers in all your onions and for all
of you that are concerned with the real
recipe you're going to have it okay so
don't don't freak out all right and if
you want to do like the magical starry
Hilda recipe that's fine just throw the
stuff in there but let's go to the next
step here we are going to take the
peppers and now these onions and we are
going to add them I've got my pots over
here and I still have these two
separated this is 12 cups and this is 12
cups I chopped up with the hot peppers
and added those and I you know do that
to your taste and I am now going to add
the onions just I like to kind of get
them as closely separated as I can and
then I'm gonna run over here and let's
gather up all those fresh oh I love it
oh I know and I know a lot of you are
probably laughing I know you're laughing
and how I do this and you're going to be
bringing out your your measuring cups I
love that bring out your measuring cups
use the recipe that I post because it is
a tried-and-true recipe there we go
doesn't that look beautiful and then
what we're going to do is we're going to
put it in our stock pot okay and now
this is where you have to follow the
recipe to a tea I have mixed I can
remember I'm doing a double recipe so
I'm doubling everything you are going to
need two and a half cups of sugar if
you're doing the 12 cups of zucchini and
if you're doubling it you're going to
need five cups of sugar now I will tell
you this I'm not big on sugar but for a
recipe like this this is what makes it
sweet people and as you see I'm scooping
up we got 3/4
and yes I'm probably going to put in
and we put in all five so I was going to
make it sweet and then you're going to
need um same thing white vinegar two and
a half cups for the half recipe five
cups for the whole resting and then I
use turmeric and um this is good to mark
actually I got this at a discount store
for half nothing I haven't even really
used it it's going to take one
tablespoon of the ground to work
remember one for the twelve and you have
to double it for the double recipe I
like doing big batches if I'm going to
can people I'm gonna can so that's why I
like doubling this stuff up and then it
calls for some a teaspoon of salary salt
but what I'm going to do instead of I
have my own salary that I dried so you
can do the one teaspoon or two teaspoons
but I'm just going to throw in some of
my salary flakes okay
one I know I'm deviating stary Hildreth
deviating from the recipe there she goes
again and then you are going to take
some nutmeg nutmeg can you see that on
camera there and you're going to do a
tablespoon if you're doing the half
recipe and two tablespoons if you're
doing the double these are the secret
ingredients that really give it a pop
you know like nutmeg who would take like
nut making a recipe like this was going
to make it taste good and then we need
good old-fashioned corn starch and the
corn starch is going to thicken it up so
you're going to need four tablespoons of
the corn starch for the half recipe or
eight for the big recipe
okay guys let's go get cooking that
zucchini mixture make sure you get your
can all ready with your jars these this
mixture has to be ladle into hot jars so
what I do is today is one of these days
where I'm using my open a fire little
thingy dinging I don't have a pet I
don't have a rocket stove I just think
for practicality this setup is is so
awesome I just need a couple cinder
blocks I use a little bit of wood and I
use a super big grate and this great
actually I can move the cinder blocks
out and put lots of pots and pans on
here so that's the beep okay and now put
all that mixture on your stove top and
cook away you can see how I love my big
stockpot cook away it's going to take
probably about 10 to 15 minutes you'll
see the point is is to get this mixture
a thick and to cook it a little bit okay
this is so exciting because okay 15
minutes it took me to cook it up all
what I want to show you I just tasted
this it is so good follow the recipe
follow the recipe look at this this even
looks brilliant
like real relish so now what you're
going to do is you are going to ladle it
into your jars okay and then once we get
them ladle into the jars you are going
to put them in that canner that water
bath canner or your big pot and you are
going to process these for 15 minutes
you know people I I get so excited when
it comes to canning because all this you
know and you know what it's not really
hard work it really isn't it's fun it's
rewarding okay look how beautiful and
like I said look at the rich color
that's when you use real vegetables
people from the garden that's a real
live zucchini color so you're going to
put your lids on I soaked my lids in hot
water so they're nice and gummy just put
those in
are on and then we're going to water
bath okay I am in my favorite spot in
the whole house the pantry and I'm all
done with pulling all my relish out of
the water bath canner and look what I
ended up with 11 tines well I think was
10 pints and a in a baby and a baby one
but that's okay because my husband will
eat that up lickety-split
people get canning be creative if you
don't have a water bath canner just buy
a big pot if you don't have a rack use a
towel if you don't have a stove indoors
and it's way too hot do it outside just
get out there and do something with all
that zucchini because it's zucchini time
and now it's a time to start making that
relish all right come back for more
because I'm on a can athon
you