okay so this is part two of the two
video series on how to get the best
results or most success from a condom
catheter so we at the end of the last
video we had found the right sizing
using the measuring guide also known
amongst nurses as the Peter meter or
rate date and we also measured the right
length so we're going to use the convene
Optima 30 mm diameter sport which is a
shorter length okay
so this looks like a little mint case
there's a piece of tape here and
basically you just pull that down to
open it and then this has a pull tab on
it to make it easy for you to roll on so
you just put it near the tip of the
penis and you roll it on
okay and then there's adhesive in here
so after you roll it on you want to make
sure there's no excess sheet left so you
want to roll it all the way on and then
you want to squeeze it for about 5
Seconds to make the adhesive stick okay
now once you've done that um you can see
that this is not coming off okay so you
have that piece of mind is not going to
come off but you want to make sure that
when you attach your leg bag that you
put this deep into here you don't want
it popping off right here the hard job
of having that stay on is there but you
want to make sure that this is now deep
in there so it doesn't fall off okay you
do not need any extra tape as you can
see this does not going to fall fall off
okay it's designed to stay on for 24
hours okay so do not add any extra tape
some people will do that they'll try and
leave it on for days and then they get
wounds and it's not good um this has
plenty of
adhesive so once you've done all that
you're going to change this once a day
so you can actually roll this off okay
once a day and a good practice is to do
it in a shower your daily shower because
warm soapy water can help get this off
or if it's really on there good you can
always use adhesive remover but just
warm soapy water and just remove it roll
it off slowly okay and that will help
you to get it off and then when you're
in the shower just that also means that
you're going to make sure it's nice and
clean with basic soap and water no
moisturizing gels or TS and you're going
to make sure it's nice and dry before
you put the next one on thank you very
much