okay so I'm going to show you this job
we're doing today we're going to be
treating this roof with a biocide it's
going to kill off the moss algae
littering
so we're reapplying this to the roof
first of all as part of the job what
we've been doing is scraping off the
excess moss so I'll just show you this
job we're doing today and you can see
the Marshall pro scraper in action
[Music]
sometimes I'll clear out people's
gutters and I realized that the actual
cause of the problem is the fact that
they've got a buildup of moss on their
roof so it's a really great solution to
be able to scrape the moss off the roof
remove the moss it's really great little
tall just fits on the end of my water
fed pole here and then we can use it to
scrape the most off the roof now a
fantastic thing is it comes with a
number of different profiles on it and
it just changes over with these little
allen key screws that's really good so
different shapes according to the type
of roof tile that we're dealing with so
that it fits exactly on different roofs
it's also got adjustable angle and so
you can adjust it from side to side but
you can also adjust the rotation of it
as well
so it makes it really versatile tool so
it's a really great solution to be able
to and scrape the moss off the roof
remove the moss and then treating it
with the bio side solution kills off any
moss algae and licking that's going to
be developing on the roof and that not
only kills it off but it stops it
returning for up to two years so it's a
preventative solution as well so it's a
really great service I'm going to show
you the Marshall pro spray for in action
and see how we get on
[Music]
so as you can probably see the marshal
pro scraper isn't going to remove every
fragment of moss on the roof but really
we're using it to remove the worst of
the moss the big clumps of moss and then
it really complements the buyer side
really well because the bio side really
kills off anything that's left behind so
it's a really great combination to use
both these techniques together they help
maintain the roof and prevent problems
occurring in the gutters because of
falling moss off the roof into the
gutter so it's a really great solution
hope you found the video helpful and
informative give it a like give it a
thumbs up and check out our channel with
loads more there and I hope to see you
again soon
thanks for watching
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]