hi guys how are you so I'm not sure if
you saw my summer lookbook and I had
this really cute denim day outfit on and
I had this tube top on so today I'm
going to show you how you can make one
for yourself in the easiest way ever
alright so today I'm going to show you
how to make this super duper cute jeans
to top crop top thing I'm a jump and
it's really really really easy to make
okay there's two different ways that you
can make it so in order to make it the
first way what you'll need is just a
pencil skirt and you want to make sure
that the pencil skirt is fitted around
your waist you don't want it too tight
but you don't want it too loose as well
and basically what you do is you want to
open your skirt so exhibit or unbutton
it and you want to put it on over your
head
excuse me you want to put it on over
your head and you want to make sure that
the top of the skirt is at the bottom
and at the bottom of the skirt is at the
top so you want to put it on over your
head upside down and then once it's on
your body you want to just roll over the
top until you get it to where you want
it to be okay and that is basically is
pretty good new for cute
have you ever tried to make shorts out
of like an old pair of jeans and then it
just ends up looking like a thong
basically so you want to basically take
your shorts flush thumb and you
basically want to just cut out that part
cut out the thong part you also want to
cut out pockets now be careful don't do
what I did right I made a mistake make
sure that when you're cutting out the
pockets that you're not cutting a hole
in the front of the shorts because
that's what I did and now I have this
hole so make sure that you're cutting
the pockets but it's not too much like a
cutting okay then you want to try it on
okay so do the same thing like you did
the first skirt you just want to put it
over your head upside down and see if it
fits
the third option is to use a pair of
shorts that you either outgrown or
shorts that are just too big for you but
in this case you'll need a sewing
machine so you want to turn your shorts
inside out and you want to cut out the
pockets again be careful not to cut too
much because as you can see I made a
mistake and I ended up cutting out a
hole so be careful after you've cut out
both pockets you want to cut out the
crotch and then cut a straight line so
that the top of the tube top will be
even and you want to do this for the
back of the shorts so it should look
like this and you want to do this for
the flat of the shorts as well so just
cut a straight line across and after
you've cut your straight line if you
want you can fold over the top and hem
it then you want to try on your tube top
and then you want to decide how much you
need to take off from the two fat
because obviously it's going to be too
big so in my case I decided to take it
in about an inch on both sides so an
inch in from the seam that is already
there
but you have to turn your shirts inside
out and you want to draw a new scene
along its line and I decided to do mines
about an inch in from the original scene
but you can decide how far and you want
yours to be according to your body type
after you
drawn your two lines just sew right on
top of the lines since I accidentally
cut a hole through the pocket I decided
to rotate my crop top just so that the
hole wouldn't show and when you're
finish your tube top should look
something like it if you want to get
creative you can always go ahead and add
straps oh but a tube top is pretty cute
as well and you can style it with a nice
little blazer or something like that
leave me a comment and let me know if
you prefer cropped tube tops or do you
prefer cropped halter tops thank you so
much for watching this video and be sure
to leave a comment thumbs up share with
a friend or family member and watch my
other videos bye