welcome to handmade home I'm Hester and
today we have my co-star meet curve at
the dock for those of you familiar to my
website II might no comment because he's
a little bit for folks iboga and then
there's and loads of posts as you can
see he's sporting a rod affection bow
tie and today I'm gonna show you how you
can make one for your dog what you need
to make a bow tie fabric bit of bias
binding
neitherlands rats and some elastic cut
the rectangle out of your fabric and
fold the edges in faulty fabric and half
and this is gonna be your bow tie now so
these edges closed
fast forward ten minutes
and also these actives together I'm
making quite a small boat I pass going
as a small dog if you do it's bigger of
course start with a bigger rectangle
once you cleat this together you can see
it makes a really cute belt I'm now
picture bias binding make sure the size
of your dog's neck this is one of me
before so I'm just gonna keep this
measurement yeah you do put a little bit
of a lip stick in there as well as easy
to put over your dog's head we don't
want to make it too tight I remember
this is only to be born for a dog when
you around as well it's not safe to have
him walking around outdoors or on his
own with a bowtie tongue you never know
if you might get caught in something
she's a bit of fun in the house when
you're down so I'm gonna keep this
measurement don't this to size you need
two little bit as well for the middle of
your bow tie it's just small bit of a
less thick and sew it in the middle of
your bias binding supposed to contact a
CH the threads I'm doing this with white
threads as easy for you to see what I'm
doing normally I would choose it's
rather small matching with fabric I'm
using and you just gonna attach the
elastic make sure it's nice and secure
and she can hear from the triple triple
crown but that's coming over to see if
it's booked twice ready either text
elastics of both sides and now it's time
to fold this over and sew in a bits of
bias binding together and I think he can
take over than a background asking if
there's build ties ready yet so it's
gonna sew all the way around so this is
double actually can see him almost
finished Tiffany's all the way around
I'm doing a white thread so it's easy
for you to see I would normally choose a
cream or gray or something more similar
to this collar that's finished this is
your collar
now for the bowtie you're gonna flip it
together in the middle like so get your
bias binding and wrap it around make it
nice and tight and stitch it closed
now you have your bowtie it's time to
attach it to the bone find the middle
place your bowtie on top and stitch
together
I've attached them both sides one final
stitch and your Dookie boats ways done I
found a better fun curve to see what he
thinks of it there you go
finish dopey bowtie I think looks really
handsome minutes don't you think hermie
I've known as yes if you liked this
video please like and subscribe to my
channel remember every first day I'm
making you a new craft video