[Music]
hi everybody if you have a bathroom
chances are you have some paint peeling
in some areas it's due to all the
moisture from your shower well I also
have a situation in my bathroom where
the texture is started coming off
because the showerhead a little bit of
the water is getting on the wall now
most people don't realize that when you
have your home it painted in the first
place they usually just use that basic
paint but really you're supposed to use
a stronger paint so we are going to show
you how to paint your bathroom so you
don't have any peeling or flaky of the
paint in the future so joining me now in
the shower little awkward but necessary
Jay our little from hi West they are
residential remodeling specialists and
you see this all the time we're just
paints peeling away in the bathroom yep
all the time it's a common issue given
the way that the tiles set up you're
running the shower overflow condensation
continues to issue in most homes okay so
what are you seeing up over here this
started kind of peeling away from the
shower right absolutely yeah got your
showerhead here is your shower and
you're getting a lot of spray coming off
so this is a common issue from point to
point in here happens all the time so
what we want to do is once you start
seeing this damage you want to address
it immediately or it's just going to
exacerbate your now problems all over
where water can get behind the tile in
behind here and start deterring the
entire bathroom so what we want to do is
come in scrape off all the loose items
anything or you see we're starting to
pop off the wall you see it's pocketing
here water is getting in behind there
and again that would cause damage
further down in the wall which we do not
want you want to address this right away
get it set up get it painted and take
care of the problem as soon as possible
so the first thing we want to do in an
area like this in the bathroom when
we've got this type of damage is use
drywall mud fill it and clean it up get
the lines kind of filled in because you
can see where you scraped it if you just
try to go over the top of it with a
spray you're going to see those lines so
fill it let it dry thoroughly sand it
then spray let it dry and sand again and
feather it in so that it matches the
existing look of the drywall now that
junior has refinished the wall
I will finish off with painting junior
suggests using a semi-gloss paint to the
bathroom because of all the moisture
I used a painter and primer in one first
I taped off the areas that needed it
with the painters tape used an edger
next to the ceiling
[Music]
and a good quality paintbrush to finish
off the corners and the edges then with
a good drop cloth on the floor I used a
ruler to paint the walls we also want to
stress that almost every expert in the
industry will tell you they have
different ways of painting and doing
finishing work so we'd like to hear your
advice on how you finish off walls and
paint an area and if you don't ever feel
comfortable doing a project you need to
get an expert to do it instead okay so
here is what it looks like before and
here is what it looks like after it
looks so much better especially with
that semi-gloss shine if you'd like more
information just go to ninety Escom
slash fixes
[Music]