this is how you put oil in your car you
should never go on a long trip without
oil in your vehicles and this even worse
if you know you need oil in student
infinity now you have four thousand
years with your car you don't know where
it is because my boyfriend's used to
riding horses so he didn't know and I
didn't know now what are you doing here
sir one dollar what do I see on the side
okay Wow
you are very good at these tutorials so
what are we doing now the third one okay
just make sure we know this people is
oil yes that is correct
and it goes into that hole that says
engine oil peanut oil it's well SATA
para el motor para motor para la
macchina clean engine formula si oh yo
tambien barato each now we have finished
with the third one so my job is I'm
being Kemosabe and with the restrictive
although
yes so the problem is yeah yeah and then
okay okay okay
now don't break the car don't break it
cuz I need to get there so we good yeah
okay thank you sir