[Music]
hey everyone Kaye here with this Medusa
inspired hair tutorial it's very very
easy it's great kind of last minute
thing for you guys to try out so let's
start out by talking about the texture I
went ahead and slept with my hair in a
French braid the night before so my hair
would have a little bit more wave to it
it just helps you to be able to bulk out
the braids a little bit it's optional
but it does help if you have fine
straight hair like me now let's move on
to making the braids our first braid is
going to be on the left side of your
head and you're going to go ahead and
just take a big section from right
behind slash above your ear and then
you're going to go ahead and braid that
entire section and once that section is
completely braided go ahead and secure
it with a small band now moving on to
braid number two you're going to start
on the other side of your head and take
a big section right around your ear and
this one you're going to braid downward
and once you finish it off go ahead and
secure it with a small band then go
ahead and separate your hair from the
crown up and secure the hair that's on
the top and for this bottom bit I went
ahead and did a Dutch braid going toward
the right now if you don't want to touch
braid or if you're not as good at Dutch
braiding you can do a French braid or
you can do a normal braid either one
will work in this situation you just
want to make sure to go ahead and
incorporate all of the hair so you don't
have any left hanging out then of course
finish it off with the normal braid and
secure it with a small band and we've
got the last one all I did for this was
to braid it straight down and secure it
with a band if you want you could break
it into two braids so that you can cover
more of your head with braids but I
liked how this looks with just having
four braids instead of five once you're
done go ahead and pull the braids apart
to make them look extra big so you look
like you have tons and tons and tons of
hair if you have fine hair like me this
is a very essential step and now we're
going to work on pinning them into place
so basically we're going to start off by
braid one and you're going to go ahead
and take that one from the left side of
your head wrap it over the top of your
head and pin it in place then take the
Dutch braid from the back which is braid
number three and go ahead and wrap it
behind that first
braid and pin that in place what I did
to pin it in place was to tuck it
underneath the base of braid number one
so that it wouldn't be showing but it's
okay if you can't quite reach it because
we have more braids coming around that
you'll be able to cover it with now this
is braid number two that we braided on
the right side of your head you're going
to take that across the back of your
head and then pin it in place hiding the
end wherever you can probably behind the
hair that's left over from the Dutch
braid because that should be kind of
intersecting right there at the
top then you're going to finish off by
wrapping your final braid into a donut
shape so that it's just a little bit
behind your final braids now we're going
to go ahead and add the snakes these are
some ones that I picked up from the
dollar store and basically I'm just kind
of intertwining them with the braids
that way you don't have to worry about
trying to bobby pin the snakes cuz
that's like basically impossible one tip
is don't really pin the braids down too
much until after you already have the
snakes in or else will make it hard to
put the snakes into your hair so what
I've done here is I put three on the
front braid and two on the back braid
and then I have two bigger snakes just
to kind of fill in these gaps right here
so what I did to hold that one there was
to take a small piece of hair and pin it
over the snake and that held it in place
just fine and I tucked the tail into my
braid and then on the other side I just
tucked it into the little doughnut
shaped braid that we have on top and
that's it if you want these snakes to
look a little bit better you could
always paint them whatever color scheme
you have going on in your costume before
putting them in and that might make it
look a little bit better as well I hope
you guys like this be sure to check out
my other Halloween tutorials and I will
see you guys soon with another video bye
[Music]