okay this part of the video is for
YouTube user epic creaky who wanted to
know how to build one of these it's
fairly straightforward it's just an old
VCR recording drum you can get these out
of any old VCRs you can either pick up
off the side of the road go to your
local Recycle Depot and they'll probably
give you one and uh you pull this off
it's mounted diagonally like that inside
the uh steel
chassis and there's are usually two or
three bolt holes on it uh take the bolts
out and it should just drop out I've
already removed the other Bell DC motor
that uh usually run this cuz these only
go about 800 RPM we're going to be
pushing it around
4,000 but
um yeah I've got mine mounted in a uh
steel housing which is made out of an
old tin can like the the original Fidel
codes were as you can see I've you made
a just made a dog clutch and got a hard
disk drive motor running it there's the
other Bard it's an old IBM Death Star
since said the most most reliable hard
drive Motors that I can get and uh yeah
the are the stand and everything's just
um meano and it extends all the way up
to the actual siren Hub which is up
about here as you can see there's the
the stator of
it and it's um yeah it's just meano
which is a universal Building Set uh
today I'm actually going to show you how
to turn one of these into a siren since
uh there's barely any or literally no
videos out there explaining how to so uh
I'll get this set up pulled apart set up
on the device and I'll show you how to
do
it okay don't know how well this is
going to work out cuz the weather's turn
shits but we can always have a
go basically need a haxa we're going to
cut slots in it like this one here this
one was for the uh the data cable that
went to the ferite um magnet I believe
that's a magnet that's on it uh we're
just going to cut the same we end off
four port make a bit of an
equivalent these are castelli these ends
so they will shatter if you put them
through too much abuse but
uh in the same time they are they're
easier to work which is a good
thing basically you do that to the one
side and do the same to the other make
sure you line it up I probably should
have marked it out but I didn't cuz I'm
lazy and also careful car batteries that
don't like this sort of
stuff no will stick a couple of PS don't
worry about
that
basically let's get that off the
tripod there we go that's what we've
done now the next step is to take it
out put it sideways like that and I'll
show you what to do
next okay next step grab it uh
horizontally like this in your Vice see
a line there
take a gavel or a mallet and a
screwdriver make sure it's an old one
you don't want put it on like that and
hit it it should break off but this
one's pretty tough so it will take a
couple of
shots sometimes it also helps if it
really won't go it's to uh get it
started something I probably should have
done beforehand
let's give another shot and see if it
wants to
go like that we'll take a couple of
shots but like I said castelly so it
will shatter you can just knock it off
so there you go we got a two Port now
basically we're going to do the same
here there you have it only took about
10 minutes to do that
that's actually pretty well balanced as
well it's not vibrating or anything when
you spin it up oh tiny bit next step is
to uh smooth down all of those um burs
on it and build our
stator okay now that we've done the
rotor you can start on the stator this
is the uh probably the easiest part of
the whole thing marked out where each
Port is when it's uh fixed and we're
basically going to cut out some ell
flash which is uh I think this is a
either 1 mil or half mil um thickness
into our little rectangles that are
about the uh the length of these two
parts put together so about that high
and uh going to super glue and
electrical tape them
on basically all we're going to do is
put a little bit of super glue not too
much but just a
bit also make sure it doesn't stick
and
uh glue it on like so I try to keep it
in
focus and since this is
um is super glue so we'll just stick
instantly which is the good thing and uh
we'll put them all on and then we'll uh
balance each one or at least bend them
out and uh tune it so they don't collide
with the rotor
but that's uh that's fairly
straightforward that we'll uh glue the
rest of them on and uh put some tape
around just to give it a bit more
security and give it a test run a bit
time later and here it is all complete
working nicely the way you space the uh
the state of fins in the rotor is with
another piece of ell Flash the same size
you basically stuck it stuff it uh down
end like that roll on the cable or a
hard surface and it should hopefully
curve the uh each the Staters very
minutely to the curvature of the rotor
and it'll also space it out so that you
don't get any collisions between the two
uh that's all there is to it I'll stick
a um pulley on that in get out that hard
drive motor and give it a
shot okay let's give her a test run just
going to rim drive it at the moment
very
impressive hope you enjoyed that hope
that uh gave you a few tips on how to
build these thanks for watching