my name is Chris natale I am the Dean of
mosca model Cesar school here in Quebec
today we serve over 300 million caesars
a year the greens you would need vodka
lemons limes spices and mots Clamato the
tools you will need to make a bloody
Caesar a big thick mixing glass a bar
spoon or a tablespoon from home a shaker
so one is your alcohol one-ounce vodka
too is your Tabasco or in this case
Frank's redhot Cesar Spicer which is
excellent for this Caesar with two drops
their three salt and pepper so one two
three and three dash of salt so for the
ashes of war Chester sauce one wats
Clamato for the perfect Caesar by going
back and forth we mix the greens giving
it a unique and equal taste from
beginning to end one more time we're in
the glass so makes nice and sticky and
we put some salt or caesar Rimmer come
out a rumor and pour everything back in
your garnish with a celery stick and a
lime wedge
not bad it's the first season