hey y'all we're gonna make a dish called
hot water cornbread and the hot water
that you use an issues boiling hot water
it cooks the cornmeal that you use in it
and somehow it makes this delicious
bread I'm not sure how it works but it
takes very little ingredients in any way
it's just great so I've made some lentil
soup which I'm gonna share that recipe
in this cornbread and it's gonna be a
great meal so I'm gonna go ahead and cut
my burner on medium that has my old Lee
in it right here and over here
well my water just started bullying so
I'm gonna set it back on the bar a bit
cut it off and then here well let me
scoot this back and make this right here
so this is the bowl that we're gonna
make our hot water cornbread ends and
the water varies a little bit so you
might use a few a couple of taste
tablespoons more or less than me
but I'm going to do three tablespoons of
cornmeal
this is self Razi
okay there's two I'm afraid this is
gonna come home spilling out
some people like to add a little bit of
flour in theirs I think it makes it to
take like so I just like straight
cornmeal but it does have to be a little
bit sweet a lot of people do sweeten
this you don't have to or you can put
more sugar or less than me I'm gonna put
about 3 tbsp 3 tablespoons worth of
sugar and then I'm gonna put about a
tablespoon of salt or not a tablespoon
of salt a teaspoon of salt there's no
dairy in this no milk or anything
anything but some people do when you
make your little patties they like to
roll up a stick of cheese and fry that
in the center another thing I think it's
really good to do hmm it's dice up onion
and cook that in and it reminds me a
hushpuppy sinawe but here's the 3 cups
of cornmeal in the sugar and the salt
and now we're gonna start out with 1 cup
of boiling water and just stir that up
you want this pretty thick where you can
make patties and they won't fall apart
and they're not soft so I think we need
at least a half cut more and we'll try
about 1/4 cut
and I think it's going to take that
whole extra half cut in like I say that
bowling water is cooking your cornmeal
you can do this with self-rising
cornmeal or plain cornmeal you can do it
with yellow or you can do it with white
so this seems like it's at a good
consistency it may be just a tad bit dry
I believe that's pretty good
so our grease here should be heated up
and you can have you're going to be
making patties from this being hot
because it has the hot water in it so
you may want to have your cold water
running and stick your hands under it a
little bit to cool them or have you a
cup of cold water but these are a real
good consistency and you can make them a
little thicker or a little thinner just
sitting in your old and I'm just leaving
that on medium and letting them get
golden brown on each side and that's all
there is to it so I'm just gonna go
ahead
and finish making these and finish
cooking them and they may go three or
four minutes on each side
but when the the bread is all done we'll
come back and give them a try and see
what you think a hot water cornbread is
done this is what it looks like there is
one broken open and here's a whole one
they have a nice crispy crust on them
and I think it's better if you cut your
heat down a little bit medium was a
little bit high so cut it down a couple
notches and I'm gonna give this a try
mmm-hmm this is really good
I would really enjoyed this tip to catch
up so that is it for hot water cornbread
it's really simple and quick and it goes
with about anything you fix so and you
can make them thin or thick whatever you
want and well it's going to show you the
pan of them so that is it thank you so
much for watching and have a wonderful
evening
bye bye