[Music]
hey this is Grant Butler welcome to my
kitchen there have been a lot of Stories
on the internet lately about how to keep
avocados from turning brown once you've
cut them open so today I'm going to test
five of the most popular methods for
preserving avocados to see which ones
really hold up
conventional wisdom tells us that
leaving the pit in the avocado will keep
the avocado from turning brown so we'll
try it that way and then we'll also try
it wrapping a half of an avocado in
plastic wrap which cuts down on the
exposure to the air and there's another
way that people say will keep it from
browning
some people swear that brushing the
surface of the avocado with a little bit
of olive oil will keep it from turning
brown and other people ascribe to the
method of rubbing the surface with some
lemon juice thinking that the acid will
keep the avocado looking bright green
and appetizing so we've got both of
those methods
here and the final method involves
completely submerging the avocado in
water which completely eliminates it's
its exposure to
oxygen now I'll pop these into the
refrigerator and we'll check back in two
days to see which ones stayed the most
green okay it's been a couple of days
let's see how our avocado is fared first
up we've got the avocado that had the
pit stuck in it it is slightly
discolored it doesn't look terrible for
being in the fridge for 2 days and then
we've got the one that we wrapped up
just with the
cellophane and it's discoloring quite a
bit it doesn't look great um you could
turn that into guacamole but I wouldn't
want to serve that on a sandwich to
anybody next we have the avocado that
was treated with lemon juice gross look
at that it's almost completely dark um
not appealing at all I would throw that
out that's gross um not worth serving to
anybody olive oil was brushed onto one
of them and that actually doesn't look
very bad at all there it is it's the one
that was brushed with olive oil it's
still pretty green it's got a couple of
brown spots around the edges but that's
not bad I wouldn't be embarrassed to
serve that then finally we have the
avocado that was submerged in
water and it actually looks pretty good
there's a little bit of brown on the
Bott bottom but the part that stayed
green looks really really good that's a
really good looking avocado so of these
five methods it would appear that lemon
juice does the worst in terms of keeping
an avocado green over a couple of days
in the fridge and that submerging it in
water removes all the oxygen that's
probably the best way to preserve your
avocado for The Oregonian this is Grant
Butler