what's up everyone happy vlogmas day
eight woo got got Andre here as you can
see what's up the car seat in the back
yep or I'm your Uber driver or chauffeur
whatever uh but we are headed to build-a
bear so that I can make my Charmander
and I can make Sonic he can really move
I'm really really excited yeah I'm
excited I'm excited to see what happens
when you get there why you think it's
going to be like sold out when I get
there this is the first day it's out you
tried to buy it online and it was not
ailable online so we're going to see if
it's available on on the uh on in the
real world in in the space in the in the
real space I sure hope so I I hey I
believe that you're the very best like
no one was you will travel to Disneyland
searching for and
wide and downtown we understand there's
a build of bear inside Build A Bear got
to make it a
Charmander but you could also get EV too
oh they have
Pikachu every single one for
you yep let's hope that they have just
like a giant box of sad little unstuffed
charmanders and I choose my own it's
like I I've never been to this
Build-A-Bear that she speaks of so I'm
very curious to see these like unflued
just flat dead looking Pokemon that you
going to it's a little sad we're here
we're here we're here we're here we're
walking I'm so excited
[Music]
I see charmand I see charmand hi hi oh
my gosh how you guys doing here you're
here for Charmander here for Charmander
dude what are you going to name you have
a name picked out already Charmander
just Charmander well I like nicknames
I'm I'm A og well I'm team Instinct so I
have to nickname all my pokem team
Instinct team
instinct no in the no Valor Val Valor
no way you pick out any friend that you
want to fill up with stuffing Charmander
Charmander oh no I'm I'm not here for
Charmander you're not here for charmand
I'm here for Sonic the Hedgehog
man so excited yay we have Charmander
Pikachu next to the turtles and
Sonic they're all
like d oh my goodness will you be my
Charmander which Charmander do I want
which one do I want which one's the
cutest I think this gu is super cute
yeah I picked my Charmander now we got
to go fill him up he's so sad right now
got to go to Professor Oak I am just so
happy that they had charmanders left and
as you can see it's a very small bin
filled with Charmander so I'm really
happy that they had him and I'm just so
excited so excited so I've got
Charmander and I know they have an Eevee
here too I'm debating if I should get
Eevee as
well dilemma getting who Eevee oh you
got to get Eevee man you got to catch
them all you can't just catch one oh no
what kind of Pokémon master are you all
right I couldn't resist I got Eevee as
well Eevee eeve welcome to the family
all right I had to get both cuz they're
just so cute and they're exclusive and
I'm having so much fun here and okay
we're going to go fill them up now yay
all right they're about to be stuffed
yay all right Katie go right ahead and
do me a huge favor step on the p
go right ahead ready
yeah no he's the perfect amount of
squishy I love it go right ahead and
step on the peddle for
me squishy as well yeah this one might
be a little bit hard but we'll
try no more stuffing she's perfect
beautiful all righty two perfect hearts
for my
Pokémon okay you're going to grab the
hearts you're going to put in the palm
of your hand and you're going to squeeze
it to get the heartbeat then you're
going to rub it to so that way they
don't have a cold heart grab the heart
rub it on your hair so that way they
never have a bad hair you don't want
that to happen never on your cheek so
that way they can always make you smile
and then on your heart that way they
have a great big heart close your eyes
make a really big wish once you have
that wish give the hearts a piss so that
way they have lots of love and we're
going to put them all the way
inside that's one
and that's the other he's so cute and
here's the finished deie so cute she's
so
cute
Sonic all right now it's time to dust
them off make them look all pretty
charmand will go
first step on the
pedal
yay Charmander Charmander
Charmander yay yay look at him do have
to say my Charmander won't give me as
much of a hassle as Ash's Charmander
gave him oh mine already loves me yeah
you turn eie eie eie look how big her
ears are I love her ears oh they're so
cute so
happy all right now let's go see if they
have the Pokemon sweatshirt the hoodie
that I could put Charmander in look how
cute this is all right Charmander let's
get it over your big head
oh yeah oh he's so cute he's now Luke
Cage
Charmander perfect Chanda is chilling in
that hoodie so perfect
y Chanda Chanda he looks great eeve is a
little jealous but I'm not getting any
any clothes for Eevee sorry now we're at
the naming station where I give them
names and of course being the Gen Warner
that I am and uh all about the OG I'm
going to name them Eevee and Charmander
no nicknames I don't believe in
nicknames for my Pokemon and
charmander's always been a favorite of
mine so they're staying as Charmander
and Eevee here's charmander's birth
certificate Charmander blue eyes orange
fur belongs to Pokemon Master Katie Mah
all right we made their certificates now
they get to get their Poke Balls which
is not a real Pokeball which would be
amazing if they made their boxes into
pokeballs for the Pokémon but now we
have to go pay yay all right we're done
and they give you Pokémon cards for your
Pokémon yay Charmander is trying to peek
out of the bag there so I have my
Charmander and my
Eevee this is so much fun thank you Bill
the bear for making Pokemon it's like
little childhood Katie's dream come true
this was so amazing thank you guys so
much for watching please hit that
subscribe button right there right on
charmander's head uh and if you miss any
in my vlogmas days click up here and let
me know in the comments what your
favorite Pokémon of all time is and I'll
see you tomorrow bye