so now we're going to install this
invisible zipper inside of a garment
that is lined this white fabric here is
my lining and this pink fabric is my
fashion fabric and I've got my zipper
pinned just like you would pin it to
install an invisible zipper regularly I
just have it pinned on both sides making
sure that my zipper teeth are as close
to being on the scene as possible so
I've got my zipper foot installed on my
sewing machine
and I always start on the right side of
my zipper tape and folding out your
fabric the only thing you're going to be
working with is this side of your zipper
tape and your seam allowance nothing
more so flip all of that fabric out of
the way so I place my seam allowance
under my zipper foot checking to see
where everything is is it where I wanted
to be and reposition it a little more
and now I'm going to reposition my
needle because it's not in the right
position so I'm going to adjust my width
until I get it to where I want test it
just as I would if I was installing it
regular
so right now I don't care to get my
needle position directly where I want it
to be right now I'm just going to baste
the zipper in place so I just want to
baste somewhere in the middle of that
zipper tape it doesn't have to be exact
we're just holding it in place so I am
adjusting my stitch length to 5.0 and
I'm simply going to sew a basting stitch
so I'm down to about where I want my
zipper stopped and I'm simply just going
to raise my needle and pull everything
out and if anything that I'm doing this
far is unfamiliar to you then I would
encourage you to go and watch my
installing a flawless invisible zipper
video because I go into more detail this
one I'm just kind of glossing over the
fundamentals for the most part since
I've covered it in another lesson so
we're going to focus on working with the
lining this time so we're just getting
the zipper in place like we normally
would and we're going to go from there
so I flipped my fabric it was on this
side and now I'm flipping it on this
side so then I'm working with my left
side zipper tape
so now I've got my zipper all basted in
place and I'm going to go back and
actually sew it down so I've switched my
zipper foot back over because I'm going
to work with my right side okay so I've
got my presser foot where I want it and
now I'm going to roll over so I'm using
my finger to roll over the zipper tape
and when I roll over the zipper tape
that is where I want my needle to fall
and I also want the edge of my presser
foot right here to fall in that crease
as well but you can only reveal that
crease by rolling back your zipper teeth
there we go
okay I'm happy with that I'm going to
work with getting my needle where I
wanted to so I'm gonna adjust it so I've
got it to sink down where I want it and
now in the back stitch and I'm going to
stitch down my zipper for real for real
design so and I am pulling back my
zipper teeth with my finger and I'm
going to do my best to hold it like this
and I'm going to sew aiming my needle in
that crease
and because you based it down your
zipper teeth you don't have to hold this
over here I just kind of do this out of
habit because I don't always face my
zippers but you really can just focus on
holding your fabric and making sure that
it's controlled but your most important
task is with this finger by holding your
zipper teeth back
and I go slowly and carefully when I'm
doing this because I'll just sew a few
stitches then reposition my finger and
then I'll sew a few stitches again and
reposition
so first thing I'm going to do this is
the top of my zipper I'm going to cut
off these two tabs here
so now I've got my address here this is
the lining fabric again and this is the
waistline scenes at the top of my dress
we're going to attach the lining to the
zipper so right now you're looking at
the inside of your garment as if it has
been sewn down you're looking at the
right side of your lining and it should
be wrong side to wrong side of your
fabric and again you're looking at the
outside of your ear lining I want you to
fold out your lining up top
bring your zipper one side of your
zipper and then your lining will fall
right over it like that
you should be seeing the stitching at
the top of your lining if you don't see
stitching then you're not looking at the
wrong side of your lining so you're
going to flip your lining out until you
get to the wrong side and lay it over
your zipper we're going to do that one
more time so no it gets confusing so
here we're looking at the inside of your
garment this is the right side of your
lining you're going to flip it out to
look at the wrong side and let it fall
over the zipper like that
and then you're going to pin it down to
the zipper tape
as you get towards the bottom I'm going
to fold under my seam allowance towards
me because remember we're looking at the
wrong side of the lining
and I'm going to get it down
a good way to tell if you pinned it on
correctly is to simply just fold your
lining back out after you've pinned it
and see what it looks like here so we've
got a nice clean folded edge there and
that's what it's going to look like when
you sew it down so let's go to the
sewing machine and sew this in place so
this time I'm starting on the left side
because that's just the side that I
happen to pin you can work on whichever
side that you would like first so the
big difference here is that you're not
going to be able to see your zipper tape
you're just going to have to feel it
with your finger if you see your zipper
tape that you've done something wrong so
go back and unpin everything and try it
again so smooth out your fabric
everything underneath you're only
working with one side of your single
ounce and get a feel of where that
zipper tape is I can feel where mine is
I could feel a little bit of an
indentation there so I'm just going to
drop my presser foot in down just to
hold on to everything larges I remember
this is the inside of your garment if
it's a little less than stellar because
you can't see your zipper tape that's
okay try to get as close as you possibly
can of course you want it to look just
as nice on the inside
on the outside but remember this does
take practice so I can feel here for my
zipper tape is so I have to be careful
when I placing my heel down and so see I
lowered my needle and I can feel the
resistance here it's hitting my zipper
teeth so I need to move it over to the
left just a touch okay there we go
so I definitely absolutely recommend
that you use your hand wheel and slowly
test your needle position when you're
sewing down your lining because you
don't want to sink your needle full
speed into your zipper teeth but now I'm
simply going to slow down my lining and
I'm keeping my finger here on my zipper
teeth to just kind of make sure that I'm
going about this the right way and if
you feel like you're too far away then
lift your needle up and reposition your
reposition your needle
okay so you're getting close to where
you folded your hand so unpin it make
sure that it is folded flat and so
so you've sewn down your lighting here a
nice clean scene and now if you have a
sharp corner here where your layers meet
take your scissors and you're going to
cut off small corner like that this will
help to make sure that when you fold out
your lining that it'll give you a nice
clean edge so let's see what it looks
like so I'm going to roll my lining so
look at that we've got a nice clean
lined garment well one side of it is
lined and it's attached to our zipper
and it looks very very very nice so now
we're going to work on the other side so
here's our garment liner right side this
is the wrong side of our fashion fabric
this is the right side of our lining
fabric we're going to flip it out and
fold it over
and lay it across our zipper see our
zippers here and our lining is here
pin it down just like we do the other
side
and when you get to the bottom here
remember to fold up your seam allowance
and remember because you're looking at
the wrong side of your lining you're
going to fold up with the fold with the
raw edges of the fabric facing you
definitely if you're going through your
pinning and you don't like the way it's
distributed then unpin and position it
because it's really annoying to try to
use a seam ripper to unpick something
some fabric around a zipper like it's
just too much stitching going on and
it's just not something that you want to
be bothered with so try to get it right
the first time I'm not happy about that
affair so I'm going to unpin and repin
okay now it's looking like what I wanted
to look like I'm switching my presser
foot to the other side and we're going
to do the same thing positioning
everything under my presser foot I'm
getting an idea of where my zipper teeth
are they're right here tested my needle
position okay I think I'm happy there I
know back stitch so carefully keeping my
finger about what has upper teeth are
getting towards my hand of the line and
I'm just making sure it's position where
I want it to be
finishing that out that's bitchin it's
all I've got it sewn down how I want and
I'm going to take my scissors clip this
corner up here clip it are the angle and
so now flipping my lining and there you
go your liner is attached now remember
you're seen here you're seeing here is
still based it together so let's go back
and unpick that and again if you aren't
familiar with what I'm talking about go
back and watch the installing of
flawless and visible zipper video this
is just removing the basting stitches
that held my fashion fabric together so
now I'm going to finish off my zipper I
stop sewing my zipper about here but I
still have this link left on my zipper
so I'm going to place my eel down here
in my back stitch as close as I can I'm
placing my needle as close as I can
without going into my zipper tape so
I've got my regular stitching starting
here so I just need to connect this
space right here so I'm just going to
start sewing regular lengths of
stitching I'm curving my fabric to meet
up with
put your line that I created when I sold
my fabric together and flipping your
garment to the right side just
double-check and make sure that your
seams all line up appropriately straight
across and if they don't I will just go
through and um pick it and redo it
because that's going to look homemade if
those seams don't match so just go
through and just do a QA check on your
garment and make sure that it's lined up
properly so all that is left to do is
for you to just go through the bottom of
your lining and attach it to your
waistband seam on the inside and you can
do that by just taking a needle and
doing a slip stitch all the way around
that'll give you a nice clean finish on
the inside of your dress or your garment
or whatever you're making and you will
be done and you've just installed your
zipper with the lining