usually when you want to get some
housework done or maybe just get a break
from the kids you send them outside to
play on the grass right well while that
long outside Souls the problem of having
your children underfoot it can create
another problem what I'm referring to is
this grass stained pants now you could
go out to the store and buy a commercial
stain remover which may or may not work
right but it's going to cost you money
either way or you could just try to find
something already in your home that can
perform the task well here it is that
same ordinary household ammonia first of
all make sure you're in a well
ventilated area ammonia has a very
strong irritating smell which is why you
want to work as fast as possible too you
spray some ammonia onto the grass
stained area like so
and immediately you get to work on it
with your toothbrush now I find the
bristles of the toothbrush get down
between the fibers of the fabric and
working together with a loosening
ability of the ammonia
it removes the stain in short order
now the next step is to rinse it well in
some cold water remember that hot water
can set a non-greasy stain and we don't
want that
there we go
that should do it now let's have a look
there you are the stain is totally gone
and I am I'm totally happy