[Music]
my tests reveal the Aaron Victory is the
best variety for making chips if you
can't get those go for Maris Piper now
I'm cutting the potatoes into fairly
regular size chips because that makes
for an interesting range of textures the
only important thing here is don't cut
them too thick if you do there'll be too
much moisture in the inside of the
potato inside of the Chip And what
that'll do is it'll render the chip
soggy so once you've cut the chips place
them in a bowl of water and just leave
them under the tap for about 5 minutes
just until the water becomes clear
washing out some of the
starch I've devised this recipe to make
the fluffiest crispiest chips imaginable
it's a three-stage process for the first
step after the potatoes have been washed
place them in a pan of lightly salted
water and cook them on simmering now
they'll take between 10 and 20 minutes
depending on the potato and what we're
looking for here is we want the potato
to be as close as possible to breaking
up be very careful though it's a few
seconds too long and you're going to end
up with potato soup these are just about
ready if I can show you this you'll see
the outside of the potato it's all
broken up all those Crags and cracks
will absorb the oil and make the outside
of the chip wonderfully crisp so at this
point we need to drain them I've got
here a cake rack set over a tray just
place them on the rack there's still a
lot of steam inside that chip a lot of
moisture we want to get get rid of some
of that we do that by using the fridge
now the air in here is very dry put this
in here for about 30
minutes so here's some that have been in
for about half an hour or so you can see
it's got that wonderful rough surface
but what's happened is while the
potato's cool down the starch in there
is actually recrystallized it's firmed
up the chip and that'll mean we're going
to have a wonderful
crust so now for step two of the
three-stage process the first frying in
here are chips that are dried in the
fridge the oil set to 130Â° Centigrade
they've been in here for about 5 minutes
and they're just about ready what we're
looking for is the outside of each chip
is just beginning to color but no more
than that at this stage we need to dry
them out once more there's still a
little bit too much moisture inside each
chip if we don't get rid of that these
chips are still going to become a bit
soggy so dra back on the cake rack and
repeat the process again putting them in
the fridge leaving them to dry out a
little bit further now once that's done
you can place them in a seal container
and leave them until you're ready for
the third stage the final frying