[Music]
hey everyone
today we are going to make this awesome
off-the-hook dessert fried plantains
that are wrapped in its ring roll
wrappers it is based on a Filipino
dessert called throw on but I kind of
southern dit up and I add vanilla ice
cream and chocolate syrup to it and it's
truly delicious simple and easy
what you need is basically a spring roll
wrappers you need plantains and you need
sugar that's all you need so a lot of
people don't know how to use plantains
these these are basically bananas that
you have to cook you can get them green
mostly and then you have to wait when
they're ripe they're actually black and
it's going Hana the way over a week to
get it to get these plantains and heck
is this okay and what you have to do is
cut up your plantains so this one I had
already peeled and you want to cut up
the plantains in little slices so that
they would in your spring roll wrappers
so they look basically slices that look
like this my plantains are all cut up
this is all we have to do with this
dessert you take a spring roll wrapper
and you make it into like a diamond okay
and then you take a plantain piece one
tablespoon or a teaspoon of sugar and
you spread it around the plantain and
then you roll the plantain up this way
but you want to add space to it so that
the oil when you do fry these up
actually Krispies up the inside and
caramelize the inside if you if you wrap
it too close to the banana your wrapper
will not get crispy on both sides so now
I flipped it over and then in that on
that little piece at the end you want to
add a little water to it so it holds
see so you can make a whole bunch of
these actually and put them in the
freezer and then I have it ready for
friends so right about 300 it's probably
good so when you're frying these
plantains what you want it to do is
after it's kind of slowly simmering you
can kind of see the the plantain colors
are starting to get a little brighter
yellow on the inside and on the other
side you want it to be a golden brown it
takes probably about four minutes for
each side but the best way to really
really know is to check that's really
what you have to do I'm gonna man the
sugars that are in the oil might
actually increase the temperature so you
could just go back down and lower it so
again as you know when they stopped
talking to you you know it's pretty much
done so buzz and simmer down and so I
bet it's ready
look at that it's ready and then we lay
it in the strainer here's a scoop up
some vanilla ice cream make sure it's
vanilla bean I can get that there okay
and then
take our dessert
put a little chocolate syrup on top and
there you go
voila ice cream and chocolate syrup
which usually isn't the Filipino way to
do it but it's so damn good with vanilla
ice cream and chocolate syrup I hope you
liked the video I know you can make it
so if you like what you see make sure
you subscribe like comment or whatever
alright peace out
[Music]