in this video I'm gonna show you how you
can make a really great looking bug
hotel with some really basic material
I'm going to be using to make this bug
hotel is a chainsaw so anyway let's get
on with the first step is to work out
roughly which piece of the log you want
to use and then remove in this case with
the log this size roughly a letter box
size width of wood
you
that's great so we've got our letter box
cut out now the next step
pretty straightforward I'm just going to
get this brash and literally pack it
tight as I can in there I'm just keep
going until it's packed in really tight
you
okay so we've got the brash packed in
there nice and tight now the next step
is to run down the sides with the
chainsaw and cut the messy bits off
[Applause]
and there you have it really simple
really easy to make great looking bug
box once you're familiar with this
technique you don't have to be limited
by dimensions either as you can see here
I've got a log about five maybe six foot
long
and I've done exactly the same thing to
it
I'll follow the natural route of the log
as opposed to just a straight letterbox
in this instance but yes exactly the
same technique packing the brush in
cutting it off flush and it has a really
good effect it looks great there are
several different ways you could present
it this could have eyelets put in it and
hung sideways but it's most likely just
going to get leaned up somewhere
free-standing but anyway I hope you
liked it and if you do hit the like
button and don't forget to subscribe and
keep in touch with any projects I do in
the future
anyway until then all the best and take
care thanks for watching