hey guys what's up serene Appiah here
from thrift I be calm and this is day 24
of our 31 day October and YouTube
challenge I can't believe I've made it
so far well today we're not talking
projects and we're not talking about
home buying we're actually talking about
pressure washing you know why because if
your house is like mine the driveway
gets really nasty the sidewalk looks
gross and a lot of times you don't even
realize it because it's just part of the
ground right well you're gonna get to
see what it looks like before I'm gonna
show you the pressure washing and then
you'll get to see how it looks after
it's gonna look amazing so I don't have
much time before the kids come home so
we got to get this party started we're
gonna start by blowing the leaves first
and then we'll follow up with this mam
ajam
because I'm ready
so now that we have all of the leaves
picked up we are ready to connect the
hose and turn the water on so let's go
ahead and connect this because we can
tighten that up
[Music]
Wow look at that that is amazing that is
what a pressure washer does that's the
after and that's the before you can see
just how much it blast it look
I mean that is so cool
very cool
nice and bright and white you remember
we had all that gunk that Sidewalk gunk
but it's not there anymore
looks fantastic look at that now I just
need to trim the bushes
[Music]
so finally we have gotten to the part
that I could not wait to pressure wash
and that is the big paint stain in my
driveway so let's see if we can get this
thing up
[Music]
[Music]
okay guys well it has been a couple of
hours and we still have another small
section to do we are quickly losing
light it's already 6:00 p.m. so we need
to move quick I think I just spent about
20 minutes doing art with the pressure
washer in the driveway
alright guys there you have it it took
me about three hours to pressure wash
the entire driveway and the sidewalk
that's probably why I only do it once a
year because it takes forever but as you
can see the results are amazing and I'm
just glad that I got it done just in
time for fall so anyway if you liked
this video give it a thumbs up support
this channel and be sure to go back to
thrift diving comm into your name and
email and I will send you right to your
inbox 5 checklist printables everything
to get you started with DIY so if you
like this project be sure to subscribe
and I will see you next video
you