[Music]
hello and welcome this is Fancy free I'm
patience and I'm Rachel and today we're
making petite party hats you'll need a
hot glue gun with some spare glue sticks
a ruler a pencil some scissors some
tissue paper a hair comb and some
glitter cardboard a piece of paper a
cake plate and we'll be using some
pearls today to decorate our party hats
but you can choose what you'd like to
begin with you want to make a template
start by tracing the cake plate onto the
plain piece of
paper draw a line through the center of
the
[Music]
circle now draw a dot in the center or
what you believe is as close to the
center as you can get and measure 3 cm
or 1 and 1/2 in down from the half way
line rule back from that last
measurement to the
center so your party hat folds
wonderfully you're going to need to
draw like a set of lips right at that
Center Point cut out your
template now you've got your template
and you can make as many petite party
hats as you please with your glitter
card face side down trace the template
now cut it
out you can secure with blue or a
[Music]
stampler and now we're going to create
the fringing and decorate it grab your
tissue
paper cut a strip 2 cm wide by about 20
cm long now fold this in half to make
some fun fringing ra is going to make
little vertical cuts through this strip
now sometimes I like to imagine I'm
trimming a fairy's
[Music]
garden with some
glue put dabs all around the bottom edge
of your party hat and start fixing your
fringing you can leave it at this which
we'll be doing today or you can do
multiple layers to make it more full now
to make the fun little party hat topper
cut through four layers of tissue paper
the same width and length as the
previous
strip fold this in
half and twizzle the
end what a little twisty dream there you
go with a dab of hot glue fit it inside
the very peak of your poate party
head now swamp your party hat with
pearls now to attach it to your hair
comb it's important to treat the side of
your hair comb as the front because when
you slide it into your hair this will be
I mean it's the front
so you do that by just putting a few
dabs of hot glue onto the hair
comb and then placing down your petite
party
hat so we recommend also just applying a
little bit of pressure at the end for
probably about 30 seconds for Ultimate
Security there are so many fun things
you can do with petite party hats you
can make mini Tes you can make a little
volcanic Jurassic situation can make a
really fun Dino one for a boy or this
really Pleasant little pink one for
anyone R I made you a really cute fancy
freak party hat that is so wonderful I
just I can't even
cope thanks for watching Fancy free