hello everyone in today's video I am
going to share with you how I
transformed this beautiful cabinet from
brown and black to this beautiful
cream-colored cabinet that you see today
so if you're interested in seeing how I
did this keep watching
now as part of getting ready for spring
I am transforming rooms in my home or
items with a refresh for a long time I
have wanted to paint this buffet but did
not have the curve so I started out with
painting over these different areas of
the cabinet but I still was not
satisfied I looked through magazines I
even looked on Pinterest to see if I
could find similar cabinets and then I
came across a few cabinets that gave me
the inspiration to go ahead and paint so
I painted the entire piece with
sherwin-williams
latex paint called stucco and then I
used a gray paint and an extender for
the glazing process and then I went to
Hobby Lobby found a couple of knobs came
home tried them on and I ended up with
the mercury glass knob and then I
painted the mirror with the same
technique
okay guys now it's time to decorate and
in keeping with my rustic glancing I am
going to style the birthday with some of
my Hobby Lobby and goodwill funds so
first I'm going to start with the two
back-to-back old baskets and then next
I'm going to come in and layer it with a
pair of mercury glass candlesticks and I
showed these in my last video I got from
the goodwill and this is another that
will slide the mercury glass shorter
candle and then I just added a marble
glass candle votive cup holder and next
I'm going to add a large mercury glass
ginger jar and this is something that
I've used for quite a while now just
move it around different areas of my
home but I decided to go ahead and see
how it works with my rustic glam scene
and for another rustic element I'm going
to add this little decorative wall and
then I have my what I call my farmhouse
style side that idea why it was just a
piece of wood leftover wood and I got
this Hobby Lobby
I'm sorry not Hobby Lobby Dollar Tree
family son it was mirror in the frame
section and I just to tone down the
mirror I just did a wash of gray in
brown paint to give it a little rusty
apparent and then now I'm going to
finish this all off with a little bit of
greenery for the spring
and then this just softens all the other
elements on the bucket and there you
have it this is my spring look and this
is how I stopped my bucket cabinet after
I did my transformation which I am in
love with how it turned out
and so I hope you guys were inspired by
something that you saw in this video of
the day and I hope that you come back
and join me and I continue to refresh
other areas of my home for spring now if
you like this video and you would like
to see other videos like this please
comment like and subscribe and I will
see you guys in the next video bye bye