hi guys its case so today we are making
these cute little turkey cupcakes I
think they are adorable and anyone would
love them super easy to make so let me
go ahead and take you over what we're
going to need to make these cute little
turkeys you're going to need some
chocolate buttercream if you want to
learn how to make this chocolate
buttercream just click on the link that
I'm going to link here to learn how to
make this but you're also going to need
some chocolate candy melts that I have
melted and put into a sandwich bag
you're going to need a knife some
chocolate cupcakes some candy corn I
have two different kinds here I believe
this is called Indian candy corn and
this is just the original you're going
to need some orange candy of some sort
i'm using Reese's Pieces i just bought a
box of them and picked out the orange
you can also use orange eminem's you're
going to need some Twizzlers some candy
eyeballs some Nutter butters and of
course a spatula to help I see your
cupcakes let's go ahead and get started
so the first thing we're going to do is
work on the little cute turkey what
we're going to do is take some of your
melted chocolate I'm going to work in
sets of two here but you're going to
take some eyeballs and your nose and
you're going to put chocolate on the
back of it and then stick it to the nut
of Nutter Butter there are his eyeballs
now your nose what you want to go ahead
and do is stick it on as standing up and
then you're going to let it sit for just
a few minutes for that candy melt to
harden in the meantime what we're going
to go ahead and do is work on the little
snood to do that you just want to take
your a twizzler on the flat edge and
then you're just going to kind of cut it
at a diagonal just like that and then
you want to flatten the twizzler again
to do the same exact thing once you have
those cut you're just going to take a
little bit more of your candy melt and
this time I'm going to put it on the
back of my twists are here
and then I'm just going to connect them
now the way your little snoot is going
to connect to your turkey is going to
depend on what angle you cut your candy
melts I'm sorry your twizzler but then
there is our cute little turkey I think
he's cute so now we're going to work on
the cupcakes so to ice a cupcake you
just want to take a mound of icing plop
it on and then just spread it it doesn't
really have to be perfect because the
star of the show is going to be our
little turkey guy so just get some icing
on there you do want a nice little mound
though once you have your cupcakes ice
we're going to go ahead and take our
candy corn and then in kind of like a
circular row here we're going to put
some candy corns to represent the
feathers just squish them down in there
once you have all of your candy corns in
there looking like feathers you're just
going to take your little turkey guy and
stick them right in the middle just like
that so there we have it guys aren't
cute little turkey cupcakes you think
they're perfect for thanksgiving or for
a class party or even co-workers to take
um torque there's some super cute i
really love them again if you want to
learn how to make this buttercream I
seem click on the link right here
that'll take you to that but that's all
if you have any questions definitely
leave them in the comments down below
don't forget to give the video a thumbs
up and subscribe to the channel I'd
really appreciate it guys until next
time bye