in my opinion rubbing alcohol is one of
the most underrated cleaning products in
the world and for good reason this
humble Miracle cleaner works wonders all
over your home but you normally don't
find it in the cleaning aisle in fact
you'll probably find it in the first aid
section because isopropyl alcohol also
acts as an effective disinfectant after
you cut yourself
the solution is typically 70 isopropyl
alcohol or ethanol and 30 distilled
water now rubbing alcohol does come with
a few cautions firstly it's got quite
the aroma so always use it in a well
ventilated area serious this stuff is
strong
also it's flammable so please use it
with care and don't use it on your oven
or your toaster oh and despite the name
this stuff isn't a party in a bottle so
please don't add it to your cocktails
and it's also used as a disinfectant it
dries almost instantly which does come
in handy as you're about to see it has
many many many many uses around the home
and today I'm going to share my 10
favorite cleaning uses for rubbing
alcohol
with you
make your own disinfectant you know how
important disinfecting is especially
with cold season just around the corner
mix up one part rubbing alcohol to one
part water add together in a spray
bottle and then do your disinfecting
then you can use this to clean your
points of contact and other germy areas
as well this is a really effective way
to stop the spread of germs throughout
your home
stainless steel cleaner you can add some
rubbing alcohol to a soft non-scratching
cloth and clean your stainless steel
appliances with it it's a great way to
remove fingerprints and it dries streak
free
rubbing alcohol does a fantastic job on
all stainless steel finishes around your
home
remove Hairspray
I don't always use hairspray but when I
do it inevitably ends up on my mirror so
to get rid of hairspray buildup use some
rubbing alcohol on a cotton pad or cloth
and wipe away that sticky mess with ease
rubbing alcohol can also tackle
hairspray deposits on sinks and Floors
remove Frost from Windows
I'll be giving this one a try sooner
than I'd like to admit rather than
dealing with frost and ice on the car
just mix one part rubbing alcohol to
five parts water and spray the solution
on your exterior car windows and mirrors
wipe it away with a cloth and allow it
to dry you can repeat this about once
every two weeks to keep up its efficacy
anything that keeps me from having to
scrape ice off my windshield in the cold
Canadian winter is worth the effort in
my books
refresh your sponges and cloths
cleaning a sponge or a kitchen cloth is
really easy soak the sponge or cloth
with rubbing alcohol in a small bowl you
don't need it to be overflowing just
enough to saturate the sponge or cloth
then rinse it off after about 10 minutes
and voila it'll be clean as a whistle
this is also a quick way to disinfect
your mop heads
clean sinks and chrome if a shiny sink
gets you excited you are going to love
this once you've cleared out your sink
whether it's stainless steel or
porcelain you can spray rubbing alcohol
into the sink to not only clean and
disinfect it but to shine it up as well
use a dry cloth to buff the sink Basin
as well as the Chrome finishes I like
this idea especially when I finish
preparing a meal with raw meat
foreign
truly clean a dry erase board
when you've left dry erase marker on a
board for too long you know what happens
it spontaneously converts to permanent
marker so rather than purchasing dry
erase board cleaner just spray some
rubbing alcohol on the board instead and
wipe away the marker marks with some
paper towel
microfiber sofa stains a lot of you guys
ask about this and to deal with the most
impossible to handle microfiber sofa
stains just spray some rubbing alcohol
all over the stained area and wipe it
with a clean sponge or cloth ideally
white to avoid color transfer unlike
water which will stain the microfiber
rubbing alcohol won't penetrate the
fabric and it evaporates quickly making
it a stain fighting Ally if the
microfiber feels matted you can brush
the sofa in a circular motion just using
a soft bristle brush
disinfect your mouse and keyboard let's
not even get into how gross your
keyboard and mouse can get just use
rubbing alcohol as a disinfectant and a
Degreaser it dries almost instantly so
you don't need to worry about water
damage now this is a super handy tip
head over to clean myspace.com rubbing
alcohol where you will find a blog post
jam-packed with information about this
fantastic and very economical cleaner
there's a button down there that lets me
know you care so if you like this video
why not give it a clickety-clack and if
you haven't already done so you can hit
this button right here to subscribe and
catch more of the cleaning Madness as
always thanks so much for watching and
we'll see you next time