what's up guys boond here and today I'm
going to be showing my support siren
build and she's a lot of fun just
playing support I'm first going to show
how she's can get played single player
with this build which is highly not
recommended because why would you play a
support build by yourself but I want to
show that you still kill enemies and
basically how she would still function
if you were to say get separated from
your group while in a matchmaking party
that being said let's uh go through it
since she's support she's obviously
going to be coming down through the
harmony tree the most since it has the
most supporting abilities as you know
phas lock itself is a great support
ability since it removes an enemy from
combat and does decent amount of damage
to
him so we then take sweet release
whenever an enemy dies that you have
phas locked then 10 life orbs are
created each life orb restores up to 50
% of your health and these track down
your friendlies the issue with this is
that the number or there's a time delay
between when you kill the enemy and when
the life orb actually reaches you so if
you're getting shot at from other
enemies there is a chance you could get
down and if you're in the down state
when those life orbs get to you they do
[ __ ] but whatever there you have it just
make sure you don't get downed or none
of your friendlies are down after you
kill your phas loock target
we then move on to wreck
W's damage it it's awesome one of the
best abilities in the game for when you
have an enemy phase locked it's just
devastating and you're going to have
enemies phase locked for a long time so
wreck is very effective even with only
having a 30% increase in damage why the
hell wouldn't you take it plus the fire
rate is nasty and the fire rate can
actually help you with
restoration restoration mean increases
uh maximum health and converts 60% of
the damage you do into healing you could
actually take points out of this if you
want because 60% is very excessive with
this class mod the reason it's excessive
is the amount of damage you do at higher
levels well surpasses the amount of life
that another character has if you don't
believe me try dueling someone sometime
pretty much as soon as you drop
someone's Shield they are dead on the
dirt but I'm probably going to actually
take some points out of here just for
that reason and either toss it into M's
eye for damage or sustenance to ensure
my continued
survival elated just really good with
phaselock and it definitely scales very
well with another ability which I'll
show you momentarily because that 10%
regen each second so 10% per second and
that's Total Health not current health
so it would take 10 seconds to get the
full health makes complete sense right
and I'll show you why that becomes very
effective
later then we have sustenance you
constantly regen health and statement
you don't need that many points in here
honestly I only put one in because why
the hell not it already has the plus
five bonus from my
uh legendary nurse class mod so it's
just extra healing for myself and
because the way that I run my support
siren I'm always gonna be taking Health
damage I have no real Shield so it's
just beneficial then life
tap I just always have loved life tap
and that
6% uh heal up is
devastating and then the real reason why
support Sirens are nasty is scorn
having that 18% massive
slag is devastating it will slag
absolutely everything and even though
the cooldown is a little bit
long and if you've watched my other
siren video you think why not just use
ruin on your 9sec cool down or 8sec cool
down whatever the hell it is and just
keep slagging enemies like that you can
throw it out twice as much true I like
scoring though because it's seems like
it's a guaranteed slag whereas ruin
there's a chance of slagging scorn seems
like it's a guaranteed slag and not only
that it seems like it's a super slag
like whoever gets slagged stays that way
for almost three times as long as normal
I love the ability and I wish I didn't
have to go all the way down through this
tree every single time just like I wish
I didn't have to go get ruined at the
bottom of the cataclysm tree putting
points into this [ __ ]
what you going to do then we go over to
our motion
tree sorry about that so
accelerate put the Five Points into
there because Ward is totally totally
worthless with the way that I play my
support but suspension on the other hand
is amazing this is what goes extremely
well with the laded because suspension
adds five seconds to
your to your phase lock so now not only
can you do more wreck damage each
time ensure that you kill the enemy for
sweet release to proc but you gain 5
seconds if you didn't know phase lock
itself is 5 Seconds and now we're
getting it onto another 5 seconds so
that's 10 seconds which is the exact
amount of time you need for a lated to
completely heal every person on your
team that is
awesome so
those two together ensure that you will
constantly have your teammates up to
full as long as you're able to phas lock
enemies because if that's not getting
them up to full because your enemies are
dying and sweet release is proing and
then you're getting healed anyway I then
take fleet Fleet is why I actually like
the siren as probably one of my favorite
classes just because if you want you can
move around ridiculously fast every time
all he need is a a Rough Rider Shield
and a Breakneck Banshee mod and you're
Off to the Races so I take it especially
since this game I'm going to use nothing
but Rough Rider converge because just
being able to displace your enemies is
cool and you can group them up for other
people skills like Zero's boore or the
psycho's massive AOE
damage pretty much everybody in the game
likes it when all your enemies are
clustered together so why not then I
take quick because I want my coold Downs
as fast as possible as usual in fact you
can drop your siren nurse class mod in
favor of other class mods that reduce
your team cooldown
rates if you want to go that route I
personally choose the nurse rap just
because it seems more interesting to me
and it's much more defined role when
people see that you're a nurse they
don't expect you to be pumping out the
damage they expect you you to K them
from dying what you do and as always
skip subsequence for the love of God
skip subsequence it seems like it would
be an awesome ability but it is one of
the worst in the game the grand scheme
of things having 10 seconds between
suspension in the normal phase lock
having 10 seconds of it active every
time and then it bouncing around to
other enemies so that way you can get
multiple kills for increased sweet
releases and it guaranteed 10 seconds up
of a lady
every time seems awesome plus you'd have
this constant wreck going unfortunately
the way it works in subsequence hits
walls and gets stuck on boxes I've seen
it get stuck in the floor before and
just roll back and forth like a goddamn
bowling ball and when it's not actually
affecting an enemy you can say goodbye
to all your abilities yeah you're not
going to be able to kill another enemy
and gain this extra increase for sweet
release if you read rack it says while
you have an enemy phas locked that
doesn't [ __ ] help you when the thing
is stuck in the floor or how about here
elated while you have an enemy phase
locked again it's in the floor the
enemies are running around looking at
this goddamn thing and going what the
[ __ ] is that ignore that ability it is
worthless it seems like a great idea and
it can be assuming they're all stacked
up I just had someone join I should have
put this on uh free
mode but then we look over here real
quick foresight increased mag size
that's just to help you get up when
you're down why the [ __ ] not more damage
to other enemies while phas locked and
you got your Reaper extra damage pretty
much there's nothing else you can really
add to
it then I take my shotguns to do damage
to my
enemies and also be able to heal friends
as needed nor Fleet to get you up double
penetrating to kill enemies quicker as
as it's needed Rough Rider because of
the damage reduction increased health
and that constant zero Shield means that
you'll constantly have Fleet these I'm
going to swap out later for a Type O
Negative to ensure that you're always
healed up yourself just more cooldown
reduction and the nurse class mod of
course so here we go this might actually
work
out depending on how uh this teammate
does
[Music]
here whether or not I need to actually
res them and I'm actually not sure sure
how much uh damage they put out
themselves this is set on op8 because
there's no reason to have op8 ear non
not play on Opa that just seems stupid
to me I can't help
but but all right died not a big deal
just phase lock the next enemy I see oh
my god do I hate that little bastard
sometimes with his [ __ ] hey I'm going
to Shield you right up buddy don't worry
I'm here for you
and then you lose your Fleet it's a lot
worse when you're playing as a zero or a
c and you need your shield down and next
thing you know you have death trap come
over max out your Shield just like he's
trying right there ignoring the enemies
cuz I don't know why they didn't try to
work around that when it came time to
actually make the game like programming
wise they should have seen that as an
issue
instead they just dumb down death traps
AI making him just rush at enemies and
then come back and try to kill you I'm
going to shoot them up real quick if you
notice they were uh this person was
dying then all I have to do is shoot her
real fast and boom right back up to full
health almost like it was
nothing I'm going to get hurt right here
not a big deal not a big deal
come on should have had that reloaded
before my
bad
[Music]
whatever this build is really just fun
for [ __ ]
around and going with groups and this
really is just a PVP Style game or not
PVP it's Cooperative Style game so if
you're not playing with other people
then you're doing it wrong this game is
so much more fun when you're with other
people that's why I like playing the
siren she's just enjoyable with
others oh
[Music]
[ __ ] oh yes here's the
slag boom Mass slag on all enemies look
at him get slagged even have to really
[Music]
try you see how long we're staying slack
that's what I'm talking about you never
see that typically typically they
already be off their slag and moving on
to try to kill the next person but no
with this you're good to go oh man I'm
going to get down
again I don't know where my uh macro
went but it happens not a big deal see
that's part of the issue though because
of the current way I have this set up if
I'm not the one that's getting the kills
it's hard to
self-heal okay automatic back up that's
why she is so much
fun that time I threw it directly at
this guy cuz why the hell not or he was
the only enemy
around just keep phas lock if you look
the cool down on phas lock is still
really low even with it
uh being you know set for a uh without
any of the actual cool down reduction
abilities other than my Rel
oh so just shoot her real quick and boom
she's healed right the [ __ ] up that
H I didn't do boom as long as you're
phas locking enemies you can heal
yourself 100%
health I want to put a typo negative
Grenade on this uh character as well so
that way it's just a little bit extra
Health if I'm trying to retreat or
something just throw out maybe either a
homing or a longbow then I'll have even
more guaranteed Health
score boom I took a bunch of damage
straight to the face not a big deal
let's do it oh on button to
hit the one issue with scorn that I have
it's sometimes hard to tell
when it's available or not oh [ __ ] see
like right
there I did not mean to uh hit that
person I meant to get my teammate
up shouldn't be a big issue
though I'm just going to wait and then
get her up and heal her up right like
[Music]
that so it's a pretty straightforward
build all you have to do is keep your
teammates
alive that person said they lagged out
which is why they died could have been
an excuse and I don't really
care but just throw out your scorn as
much as possible to keep enemy slagged
phase lock to keep you and the rest of
your team
alive just enjoy yourself it's it's mean
to be fun playing Co-op there's very few
co-op games out there at least Co-op
like this where you can jump in and out
of anybody's game and just enjoy
yourself boom she's down so just try to
get over
insta up and then just shoot try to get
him back up to full life there
[Music]
life reason I like to use interfacer or
even other guns like conference call is
because while you're shooting an enemy
you still have a chance to shoot any
other close range friendly targets and
actually heal
them so because of that it just seems a
little bit uh devastating to me as a
[Music]
choice boom it's just slagged enough
I don't know what the [ __ ] killing
him let's get you up screw that's faster
anyway uh that's my support siren good
luck have fun peace