hey guys welcome to another lunchtime
review today I'm gonna try this Marie
Callender's this is the chicken potpie
this is tender white meat chicken golden
flaky crust made from scratch just like
home
it's kind of weird it has it in that
lettering right there but that's okay
I'm gonna show you everything on the
prom you can microwave these if you want
to I'm not gonna do that I'm actually
gonna put it in in the oven just because
I'm I'm at home and I can let's see the
calorie information there are two
servings in there 430 calories so 860
calories to eat the entire thing which
is a lot I don't think I eat all over
the last one so it's okay if you want to
do it the microwave you basically take
the top off put in the microwave for 9
to 10 minutes and then let it sit for 5
minutes so really cooks pretty quick
honestly about 10 minutes on the other
hand if you bake it 400 degrees the
potpie in paper tray that's interesting
Oh
leaving paper to take it from the box
sorry I was reading their rap the crust
edge with the strip of wood and fall so
didn't burn bake on a cookie shape for
63 to 65 minutes Wow
big difference between 60 to 63 and our
63 to 65 and 10 but I think it'll be
crisper if you do it in the oven so so
I'm gonna the ovens on it's preheating
I'm gonna get this prepared and get in
the oven and then I'll be back when it's
out that's when I show you real quick I
just wrapped the aluminum foil around
the edges just so won't burn I'm just
got a strip about that wide the whole
length we buy the extra why aluminum so
stuck that all the way around and now
put it in the oven for 63 minutes so
literally takes an hour but it doesn't
look like anything's baked and it's
frozen hard as a brick now if you were
to microwave it you literally just leave
in this container pull this lid off
leave it in the container
you microwave it for ten minutes and and
you're done so but I'm afraid it would
not be crispy because I Popeyes and all
you get soggy so I want it crispy so I'm
gonna get this is Evan you know what you
know what it looks like in an hour okay
here it is out of the oven I'm gonna
actually break this just to let it cool
all the way because you're three off
it's good to crispy I like the crust to
be on the in the top to be in there
anyway what's good and creamy let's say
it has a lot of lot of chicken lots of
veggies in there it smells really good
yeah it smells really excellent actually
so I'm going to let this cool off
because it is very very hot it has been
in the oven for an hour literally I took
it out at 63 minutes I've just left it
in just the minimum at time it was fun
so I'll be back when that's cooled off a
little bit and I'll let you know what it
tastes like
all right so try it out yeah what a cool
office a little bit and there's no way I
can get a bite of every little thing in
here but I wanna make sure I get some
chicken a little bit of veggies maybe
some of the crust fine piece of crust
like I'm fine
there we go it's still pretty hot
the cross is excellent you're really
good buttery flavor and crust flaky
really really good the chicken has this
huge chunk of really tender chicken the
vegetables are good - really the
vegetables are kind of overpowered by
the the sauce and the crust
honestly the vegetables just play a
minor role now I'm not a big fan of
Carrick so let's give me a bit I'm not a
big fan of carrots so you know the
carrots are okay I'm you know they're
there you can taste them but they're
everything's cooked well they're not
hard they're they're cook soft like
they're not squishy but they're solved
really good pot pot if you like pot pies
you've never tried Emory counters you
ought to grab one and see if you like it
they have all kinds of different flavors
grab the one you like the best and try
it out because I think you'll really
like it
I said I don't know how well they work
in a microwave I'm afraid to try one in
the microwave I'm afraid that it
wouldn't be very crispy they'll be
cooked but they won't be crisp and I
like mine crispy so on a rating I would
give it a 5 for flavor because really
really good bad thing is they got knock
it down to 3 just because the
overwhelming amount of calories 800 some
calories for one pawpaws is a lot for me
to eat at one time so I wouldn't want to
eat that many calories all the time I
wish they'd make a miniature version of
the pop ah maybe a 400 calorie version
like a half of a size version of portion
smaller portion size I wish they would
make one of those and I would probably
eat that for lunch 400 calories I can
deal with so anyway yeah so overall I'd
probably give it a 4 overall so thanks
for watching