[Music]
hi this is mudra
welcome to Madras and super calm today
we gonna say how to prepare bear or bill
this is a very very very popular Indian
Street food this is basically a
combination or mixture of perfect rice
that is murmurer all types of different
sales salted peanuts all types of
different fried lentils which is tossed
with some tangi and yummy tamarind sauce
or chutney
it tastes just yummy so let's do it
and to get started first Reaganomics
tamarind chutney or tamarind sauce now
this is the basic sauce or chutney that
is a kind of muss to prepare any kind of
Indian child now here I have taken a
quarter cup of tamarind this Damron I
have soaked in a cup of water for just
about half an hour now in this I'm gonna
add charcoal this is about 3 tbsp of
chakra stir this around and now we're
gonna cook this chakra and Tamblyn
together over medium it for just about
five to six minute right till the time
this jaggery melts down well now here I
have cooked this tamarind and cook
together for just about five minutes and
just to dust up and you can see this
mixture has come to a boil and all the
jacket has been melted properly and now
we need to wait right till the time this
mixture becomes cool now in India
whenever they serve this spell they
always ask that whether we want it spicy
medium spicy or justice wait now to add
that extra punch or kick in this well
what they do they add some basic green
chili certainly in it so now we will say
how to prepare that it certainly for
that what hear how God is lots of green
chilies and so here I had just a half
block of garlic and just a small piece
of ginger make use of very little ginger
and garlic because we don't want to
overpower the taste of this green
chutney with this garlic and ginger
now mix this everything together into a
blender also we need to add some salt
just a little bit for taste
I'll just cover this up you can make any
type of variation in this basic green
chutney you can add some Maine cliffs or
even some coriander leaves lemon juice
and just grind this everything together
and now here my spices at me is already
now also this tamarind pulp has cooled
down completely now next what we're
gonna do
just take a potato masher and just mash
it whatever basically want it just to
squeeze out all pull from this
stammering so if you don't have this
potato masher you can just twist this
using hand and once we mash this up
really well
no next what we're gonna do just take
any strainer and pour this tamarind
chutney over it and we're gonna just
turn this out cuz spoon and just strain
this out
and after wasting out all juices from
this damn ring no you can see here we'll
have got this nice and thick time drain
chutney or sauce looks fabulous and
we're gonna season this up with some dry
spices first I'm gonna add some red
chilli powder just a little bit so here
I have some chaat masala and some salt
to taste
no just stir this around and now this
tamarind chutney or sauce is ready this
chat masala is really nice flavor in it
wow it smells and tastes so yummy
just awesome our all type of sauce is
ready now let's start to make pit now
India they use this type of pot to
prepare a bill now here are taken some
puffed rice or Muro Muro in it and now
in this murmur ah I'm gonna add some
person or hot mix you will find this
easily at any Indian grocery store this
is a basically combination of all kind
of save the nerd lentils I don't as much
or at least people
also I'm gonna add some things save our
cleanser next add in some chopped onion
also I have some chopped tomatoes this
spices at me now you can add it as much
as more or less depending on how spicy
you want but I like my brain really very
spicy
I'm good lot of this green chutney
I'll certain chopped coriander leaves
and now just makes this everything
together really well you have to be
ready and next add in some this tamarind
chutney now at this point of time add
just a little bit of chutney we're gonna
top our tail with this tamarind sauce so
adding just a 1 to 2
[Music]
smells fabulous also squeeze in some
lemon juice and now I'm gonna transfer
this into serving plate and let's see
how to serve this fabulous now this is
also an unique way too salty spell what
are we gonna do again I'm gonna add some
chopped onion on the top of it just a
little bit
some shock kinetics and then add this
person also add in some say execrate
colorful
Wow
and now this girl is already looks just
fabulous wow I can see this has been
topped up with all this ingredients for
some save onion tomato tamarind sauce
wow this looks good and smells fantastic
I'm just ruling for it
mm-hmm
just spicy tangi Wow I hope you have
enjoyed watching to this video was
searched and more and more and more
exciting recipes please visit Madras
recipe.com developing a new test see you
soon bye bye
[Music]