this video bartending lesson is brought
to you by American bartender school
where in just one or two weeks you can
be fully trained and ready to work as a
professional bartender this drink is
called a chocolate martini with the
prolific ation of martini bars any type
of liquor or liquor that's additive odka
is now called the martini strange things
happen so this is for somebody who likes
a chocolate flavor now we're going to
shake this drink because what we're
using is two different types of
alcoholic Victor's of different
densities but because one thing and then
we're going to use a chocolate in the
curve which is heavier and thicker
because sugar is added to it to sweeten
it up and of course it has a chocolate
flavor to it so the first thing we want
to do is we want to use a chilled
cocktail glass like so and then what I'm
going to do to make this drink a little
fancy I'm going to take a little bit of
chocolate syrup and I'm just
and just
put it around here okay and then what
I'm going to do is I'm going to make my
drink and I'm going to shake my drink
don't let take my ice then I'm going to
use two ounces of my vodka
what I'm going to use is a chocolate
liqueur there's many different brands
out there this one happens to be good
daya which is a famous company that
makes chocolate I'm gonna use a half
ounce of it you put it right in there
then what I'm going to do my chocolate
babka to mix up thoroughly through two
different densities and then I'm just
going to work right in like so and that
would be my chocolate martini if I
really want to get fancy maybe I'd rim
the top of my glass with cocoa flour so
if you like chocolate you like vodka
it's one way to make the grain enjoy
more video bartending lessons our at our
website bar school.com