hi everyone I would like to show you how
to spray-paint a fabric chair and make
it Sparkle and waterproof I placed a
newspaper under my chair and simply
spray paint material I use a fabric
paint for upholstery the name is LaVon
dare I purchase the spray paint on the
website name is a spray neucom you can
find the link below my video when I
finish I will wait for hours to dry
completely now as you see is completely
dry and the material still is soft the
next step I will use Mod Podge and extra
fine and litter
I just want to mix together and apply to
the fabric you only need a very little
glitter mix it very well
and apply evenly don't be afraid it's
look white color but after a few hours
it's going to be transparent I bought
the Mod Podge and the glitter at
Michael's I'm going to speed up a little
bit the video and get back with the
final result
I leave the fabric completely dry for
one night and get back the next day if
you want to make a second coat just
paint with the only Mod Podge you don't
have to put again sparkle this is the
final look after completely dry still
very soft and elastic completely
waterproof with a lot of sparkle
hope you guys like it please support me
video subscribe and like the video let
me know if you have any question please
leave me a message
have a good day and see you soon
you