hey guys so in today's video I'm gonna
share with you how I made these AMM p.m.
routine charts and super excited about
this
I need these ones already for my son and
then I need a super cute pink one to my
daughter so I see myself Pinterest and I
will leave where I found these on
Pinterest in the description box below
and if you're new to my channel
hi welcome my name is Sarah I am a
homeschooling mom for ages 7 3 1 and 4
months I'd like to do videos about
family health wise anything to do with
crafting let's get into the video and
start making these cute pigs okay so the
materials were going to need are a
goalie stick a sharpie marker little
printouts of the chore because you could
also do this as a chore chart to sew
little cutout of the pictures that
you're gonna put on there it's about one
and a half by one and a half inch little
white peak light squares this was two
pieces of scrapbook paper that I glued
together to make double-sided so you can
either have 1 12 by 12 card stock or you
can do what I did and glue two pieces of
scrapbook paper together and then you're
going to need to cut that in half so
it's going to measure out to 6 by 12 i
laminated mine this is optional so you
don't have to but if you want to a
laminator and then which line is over
here getting hot and ready and two
pieces of
sheets of ruler scissors and or a paper
trimmer you're also gonna need some
velcro dots or magnets now if you're
going to laminate it I highly suggest
that you get the velcro dots but if
you're not gonna laminate it you could
just use the magnet let's get to making
I'm so excited
 you first we aren't going to make
sure you have this side that you want
make sure you have on the right side
because when I need fades I you want to
make sure the pattern side is going the
way you want so when you fold it up you
want it to be going in the right
direction now at first you could see you
have like I don't you can see that but I
have like creases right here and that's
because I'm on style but if your pattern
paper is just like this then it really
doesn't matter but seeing this is ABC's
see if I was to fold this up right here
it is going to be upside down so I don't
light it up so I'm gonna flip them okay
so the first thing we're going to do is
I'm pretty sure I folded this up let's
see two and a half inches so I'm going
to measure tune an app and choose and
then fold this up a bone folder it would
probably be really helpful in this
situation mine is uh buried away at the
moment so
[Music]
so I'm going to do this to both pieces
[Music]
all right so next I'm going to take my
sharpie marker and write AM and PM
routine on them
okay so next I'm going to be gluing
these little squares down on to it these
white ones this this is just computer
paper these measure out one and a half
by one and a half and these are just a
little bit smaller I couldn't find any
bigger pictures so just gonna have to do
it's called slop a success let's see
this is one inch and 1/8 an inch and 1/8
inch and 1/8 I'm gonna say some so
anyways let's get to it
so I'm going to separate mine find which
ones PM PM PM PM and alright so first
I'm going to probably so first I'm gonna
glue down these little squares here and
you want to make sure that you leave
room for the velcro piece so I'm gonna
glue these up a little higher up and I'm
also going to just place them around so
they look even and with these I cut them
down I ended up cutting them down a
little bit like my son has 5 and my
daughter's only has 4 pictures because
he has us like a.m. and p.m. like chores
that I have him to do extra because he's
older but um like this one I think
they're just a little more thicker but
yeah it's really up to you how you do it
all right so that's about where I want
them and I
[Music]
so now I have them all glued all right
so next I'm going to glue these little
ones above it like so and like I said
make sure that you are putting it closer
towards where the fold line is because
you want people to put the velcro dot on
there so there we go
[Music]
all right so now I am going to trim off
just a little bit of this with my paper
trimmer next I am going to take my
marker and I am going to write on these
little white squares right here what
each picture means
so I have a little bed right here so I'm
going to write make bed brush teeth
get it dressed dirty clothes away so
there we go and then the next time I'm
going to do is I'm going to cut a slit
in between each of these so it means
this bill effect a slit up to the fold
line next this is optional um so you
could do this or you don't have to do it
but you can right dun dun dun dun da da
dong on these with permanent marker
either way it would be fine you don't
have to write it on there I guess I kind
of just left it but that's fine I
probably should have just left it with
this paper but whatever look my son's it
doesn't look too bad
see what this one it looked kind of cute
but I don't know this one's kind of busy
so I guess it really depends on your
paper so next I am now gonna laminate it
so my laminator is already nice and hot
and already good and I'm just going to
stick it in and laminate it I'm gonna I
stick mine in about two times I run it
through the laminator and then okay this
one ready to go
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
all right so then that's done I'm going
to trim this one so next I'm going to
just like I did with that one I'm going
to write on each of these
[Music]
again
and then I'm gonna write it dun-dun-dun
on it I almost don't want to but I
already did out in the other one I just
might have knew it alright so done done
[Music]
alright next I'm going to laminate this
one
[Music]
follow where it cut the little slits
[Music]
[Music]
so this is how I like to do this I like
to take the fuzzy one and just stick
them and slip them off and stick them
right on
all right so after I have the little
fuzzy ones on then I'm gonna take I
don't even know this scratchy one is a
and I'm gonna take it and this is how we
make sure that you get in the correct
spot I just put it right right on the
one and then boom ready
perfect then you don't have to guess
I don't know later on does that but I
ain't trying to get you don't I mean
there we go
[Music]
so here we go how cute is that how cute
is this
I'm so excited I love these so let me it
was just my darling quick let's see
[Music]
[Music]
all right so here they are all nice and
done so it's like a they love them if
you like videos like this be sure to
give it a thumbs up comment below let me
know what kind of awesome things you do
for your kids with charts and stuff like
that I love hearing everyone's ideas and
if you'd like to be notified for the
next time I post a video feel free to
subscribe below alright guys have a
blessed day