all right today I'm gonna sell a
petticoat we're gonna start by having
the longest bottom layer I've already
got one of the layers done this
petticoat is going to be a three tiered
two layer petticoat net petting in black
petticoat netting petticoat in black
I've already got the bottom layer pieces
sewn together so now I get to have a
really long thing so let's get going on
that my serger is set up to do a narrow
rolled hem I'm actually turning off the
knife for this because otherwise the
chain likes to drop off the edge of the
netting because there's not a lot for it
to grab on to so we turn the knife off
and we watch our we watch our edge very
carefully so this is going to take like
five years and hopefully the cat down
here doesn't try to eat it
so here we go
and of course I didn't test this out
first
always test your search seems make sure
it's what doing what you want it to do
this isn't too bad
this is Milo by the way he's leaving
and we're done with that so now we get
together all of this back up so it's
nice and neat for when we go to gather
it which is a lot of fun the next thing
I'm going to be doing is sewing the
second middle tier together
the long pieces together so that there
one big long piece and then we'll do the
top tier and then we'll start gathering
these all together which will be fun
all right now we're on sewing the next
tears together Thanks - yeah middle tier
together so this one it only has four
pieces which is great because the last
one had eight
got my little piles together cut to
pieces
okay
when you're working with petticoat net
be ready for some frustration because it
will stick to itself and everything else
Rex
here we go
right there is our minute one of our
middle tiers
and I like to accordion fold them so
they're relatively organized so that I
can keep them
in order
since this is only a two-tier two-layer
petticoat
there's not as much to keep track of
but it still gets to be a hassle
next one
and another one done
now we're on to our really short easy
tears these are just two pieces
okay now that we have our tears all sewn
together and our bottom tier completely
hemmed because you don't want to try to
hem it while it's gathered because that
would just be a pain um now we're going
to set the serger up to do some
gathering which requires a gathering
foot and a differential feet so if you
don't have that on your surgery I'm not
sure that you can gather with the serger
pretty easily all right so we're going
to get to that
keep saying Li I don't know why I do
that real Kay
so we got a really long layer our bottom
layer on the very bottom next tier
going in the top of the gathering foot
and now we have you beautiful my Wang
it's number one
are we at
400 inches long you can't see really how
poufy this is so now we're gonna sell
the top tier to the middle tier alright
I've got no rain golden in the right
spot so now we're going to sell a little
bitty top tier to our nice and ruffled
bottom and middle tiers
beautiful little off a little off I'm
wearing a black shirt now do you see
anything a little off but half an inch
not a big deal so now we have
one layer of our two layer
petticoats
yeah now we get to do that again and
I've already got the bottom layer of
that one
hemmed so I don't have to do that mess
again we're just gonna gather that one
up off-camera and come back and then
we'll sew them together and put a yoke
on it all right we're back I'm in a
different shirt because that last one
was black and you couldn't see anything
um so now we're going to sew our two
very fluffy layers together get them
prepped to sew in the round because
they're still just one long big piece
it's not round and then we're going to
sew to the waistband the lining and the
top layer there's a lot of steps
petticoats and this is just a two layer
one
so I have my serger set with no knife
again a rolled hem pretty tightly and
we're just going to sew these together
so that they stay together while we
gather them for the waistband
all right to lay your song together now
what we're going to do is sew the ends
together so we're going to open this up
so that seam we just sewed is in the
middle we're going to find our other end
and then so we can keep making sure all
your seams again are still on the right
sides
so that when you turn everything get
everything done it's all on the inside
okay
now we have a big fluffy roughly
cylinder
ideally not twisted because again
annoying you to remove searching I
usually just cut it off I screwed up but
you can kind of get an idea of how goofy
this darn thing is gonna be when we're
done goofy
now I'm going to prep the waistband
probably gather this a little bit on the
serger it's not going to double gather
now that I have two layers of the
petticoat netting because it is too
thick it won't do that so I'll probably
gather it on the serger and then finish
gathering it with the traditional method
of gathering with the straight stitch
ends and pulling so we'll get to that
Hey sorry we got a little sidetracked
and got a little bit further than I was
planning on doing without recording um I
am currently sewing the waistband in
lining the entire petticoat this is my
least favorite part because it generally
involves lots of pins as you can see and
lots of thread because I personally have
not developed a machine way of gathering
multiple layers of petticoat net
together my machine doesn't like it and
I really don't want to do it by hand so
I just I fight it and
every time so a lot of it was gathered a
lot of it I had to kind of evenly spread
out as much as I could and now we're
sewing together
all right
certain look a little bit more like a
petticoat now pretty much all we've got
to do is actually sew that because I
just pasted it in get rid of all of
these threads
all of them and then we have to turn it
turn the lighting
a right way stitching casing for elastic
at market elastic it and
we're almost done
left after that is humming the wedding
hopefully this one has sound this time
so uh my last couple videos of sewing
this petticoat didn't work I guess I
don't know um so the petticoats all
finished except for the hem on the
lining and it is really bright in here
and I can't get that to stop uh anyway
so sewed the casing for the elastic put
the elastic in and that pretty much
finishes it like I said other than the
lining on the hem on the lighting and as
you can see it is a pretty full peg coat
and this is again only a two layer
petticoat you can obviously do as many
layers as you want to get a much more
full petticoat this one gives a nice
kind of I I call it like a hybrid bail a
line shape because it's kind of both
instead of being the true bail where it
starts out very full and then kind of
just drops or the true a line where it's
just straight this sort of has a lot of
fullness right at the hip and then
slowly
drops I don't know it's a hybrid I guess
um so there are many many different
things you can do with petticoats you
can change the shape of them by changing
the length of your tears and you can
obviously change the shape of them by
adding more layers the more layers the
more poof with different lengths of the
tiers the different shapes you can get
and less tears you there's so much you
can do with the petticoats so if you
have any questions just leave them in
the comments or I'll link my my cosplay
tumblr in the description box so you can
send me a message there um I hope this
was helpful I hope this wasn't too long
and drawn-out I realized this is going
to be like a 20 minute video by the time
I'm done editing it but I hope this is
something you guys liked if you want to
see more of this just let me know I'll
see you next time