alright then so that's not quite Chris
so there's also monitor here that you'll
be able to see has I made scoping her
okay I'm just gonna get her cleaned up
here a little bit girl Cara good girl
mama this will be her second person her
first litter she had eight yet natural
yeah with the Husky yeah yeah a
full-grown husky good girl Karen and
she's the daughter of Nova so I think
the one that had the palm skis he did
Kiera stuck good girl
okay I might need you have come back and
pulled her know what listen little
catheter shunt that acts as a tunnel
that helps to guide my hand adult
good so normally dogs won't stand for
this one because she's in standing heat
that means she is ready to be bred
and so for her this seems like a normal
natural mating process and all the tails
kind of waggy and it's flagging like you
would normally see trying to impress a
male or I get the mess intention
okay this is the sculpt that's gonna
help us to visualize the cervix and one
side remix it's visualized I will thread
a catheter through that cervix from
where the semen will be deposited
[Music]
[Music]
so right now on your vaginal lumen and
we introduce some air into the vaginal a
little bit there no that's just gonna
help me see where to go or I get pretty
near the cervix at this point of time so
all right
all right so this is my catheter and
this is what's gonna enter through the
cervix and into the lumen of the uterus
there we go all right so that's
introduce a little bit more air here
instill
there we go so stay right at us is
cervix and that's sort of opening right
there and now just gently twisting the
catheter through the cervical opening
and just making sure that we're all the
way through keeps my news okay sometimes
it gets caught on a fold or two so now I
can feel the catheter freely and train
and now I've reached a limit as to how
far I need to go this make sure the
cervix right there all right very nice
okay this pilot is removed little
adapter tip is put in place all right
and now we're gonna drop the semen into
the syringe and deposit into the uterus
and here here just needs to hang on for
two more seconds
well I get part exit so we have the
collected semen here and draw it up in a
syringe and now it's gonna get to pause
it right into the uterus
we're never able to see the uterus but
that's where the sperm are gonna end up
is in the uterus and the reason why we
do this is because the cervix itself is
a major physical barrier so this ensures
that most of the semen is deposited into
the uterus and not outside the cervix
we're only a few little spermies we'll
be able to get through the cervix so it
gains the added advantage of having more
sperm looking for those eggs and which
increases our chances of fertilization
and increase puppy-sized surgery that's
for breakfast oh we're going slowly here
just to allow the uterine lumen to
volume okay and we're gonna let cure
escape for a few minutes and that's
what's involved in a trance cervical
insemination Wow congratulations
another great job flagons music your
Kennedy oh yeah okay she don't like
sitting she's not much of a sitter she's
more like a standard
hmm yeah you're like standing majority
of the time yeah yeah process what I've
ever seen you do that looks good Xbox
that was here amazing
good girl