any aquarium fans I ran a little decided
to run a curiosity test it's not very
scientific and it's just more or less a
hmm I wonder what would happen here so
silicon glass through glass we all know
glass to glass seals pretty well not
much issues there but glass to acrylic
seems to be a high topic and what
silicon to use and what now so just
between the properties of silicon the
the whole fact of glass to acrylic is
irrelevant it's whether or not it just
sticks to the acrylics it's gonna stick
to the glasses just weather also stick
to the acrylic so what I did here is I
ran three beads of silicon from three
different types of silicon the one that
everybody recommends is the blue
canister on the left here which is G
silicon 2 for window door attic and
basement and then I have a middle bead
which is this GE hundred-percent of
silicone sealant it was with the acrylic
if you go to a hardware store you you
find this stuff next to the acrylic so
whether that's just a marketing scheme
or not it is sold next to the acrylic
specifically to bond acrylic and other
plastic sheets and whatnot so we have
G's 100% silicone sealant four plastic
sheets and other plastics
then we have GE silicone 2 kitchen bath
employment so from what I've used so far
the GE silicone 2 kitchen bath and
plumbing seems to be worthless like I
literally can't see why you would use it
for anything
bead that it's supposed to bond
additional things no it's not the GE
silicone 2 for window door attic and
basement bonds this one will bond
everything this one will yeah this one
bonds it stronger and is the exact same
price so I cannot I have no idea why
anybody would want to use this
I really don't matter of fact I was in
home depot
and talking to a guy about silicon and
he was givin me all this information and
I walked away my parents came up I
started talking to him about silicon I
haven't got a home people with my folks
and I had no idea they were doing this
project using silicon so they happened
to be talking to him too I come back and
he's got them about to buy one of these
you know and given a bunch of other good
information and I butted in and said
that that's pretty sweet but I would
definitely get this one over this one
you know because this is basically
this works amazing and I completely and
utterly offended the Home Depot's guy
literally said to me well there you have
it and turned around and walked away all
pissed off my mom giggled and said son
you hurt his feelings but yeah I mean
I'm sure that people buy this stuff and
then in a year or two when it cracks and
chips and does all of its other bullcrap
that it would for a kitchen bath
plumbing scenario they don't run back to
Home Depot and say oh by the way two
years ago I bought this and it was crap
they probably don't remember that they
did buy this in the first place and then
just go back again and buy another
kitchen bathroom plumbing says what's
labeled for those of us in the aquarium
world you know people make these ten
thousand dollar saltwater tanks and do
this that and the other to them or
they're just these really expensive
tanks really elaborate systems and that
they break or fail and flood a house or
do this that and the other it is
immediate as to what product you know
they want to know what product failed so
they never use it again so that's kind
of you know I actually feel that you
know the aquarium goers are kind of the
experts when it comes to this because if
it'll stick aquarium together and deal
with hundreds of pounds of pressure you
know it'll last a very long time in any
other scenario you know salt water
thousands of gallons of water yeah our
thousands of pounds of water I should
say not gallon
oh yeah it's gonna it's gonna hold the
tile or two together too
so okay here we go what we're gonna do
is I'm just gonna unscientifically just
talk and pride at the silicon here try
and do this without a glare as much as
possible
okay I'm not gonna get away from a glare
I don't think all right so three beats
dr. Killick the first one is basically
what's raved about is the best middle
one is one I've never heard about just
decide to try it and the third one is
itching bath and plumbing which I have
known as sucks so what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna take my thumb go to like the
big bead here on the kitchen bath and
plumy and just see if I can just flick
it off okay so yeah I pulled off with a
little like zero effort I just rubbed it
a little bit and when I flop it down the
static cling because just feels about as
strong as it was holy crap yeah that is
absolute okay well let's see the
next one do a couple of flicks okay so
that's harder so now I'm gonna push dig
into it okay now I'm really praying
okay okay
oh and it broke okay and it broke okay
that stuff stuck like jb weld ouch my
finger actually hurts
okay now the GE silicone to window door
and annek well do the go back to the
thumb like holy crap that came right off
- okay guys
Wow okay
holy balls okay just so you know how
much stress I'm putting on watch the
last of the blood leave the tip of my
fingers here oh that's on there okay um
well ladies and gentlemen we have a
clear winner by a mile
these are just beads of silicone that I
put on here just straight-up beads so
yeah holy moley
you know what I actually screwed up this
video a little bit I wanted to show
something about the bottom of these when
you flip them over
I can't redo it now but you guys will
get the picture
okay so when I place this bead I didn't
use any pressure whatsoever I did that
with all these when I was gonna point
out well you can kind of see it is
all right can you guys see those little
light glares and whatnot see those
bubbles look at the one on the right
look how many bubbles are in the silicon
bead the one on the right is the
silicon the kitchen bathroom plumbing
look at all those bubbles
let's horrendous Wow that is just
terrible the one on the left is the door
window and attic basement stuff there's
not really any bubbles there there's a
couple at the top in the bottom where
the probably where the bead wasn't a
consistent paul but look at this silicon
look look at all those bubbles those are
gaps guys that is that that is stuff
that happens when it dries that's less
surface area that's less product anyway
yeah so a fun little video I was
actually surprised that the ge2 basement
did is poorly did as poorly as it is it
performed as poorly as it did so guys we
I mean I'm shocked
I will I will forever use this product
this is a really this was really
informational for myself we have a clear
winner that peeled right off like
basically a sneeze this came off with
little effort and I have to scrape that
off if I want to give it off like it was
my thumb still hurts thumb and fingers
still hurt from trying to pinch and grab
so yeah this is definitely properly
labeled for plastics and for plastic
sheets and other plastics do you eat
100%
silicon sealant now mind you all these
stick really well the glass so here we
go we have a product that will bond this
 to glass and do it very very
powerfully guys I hope that was
informative it was sure as hell wasn't
formative to me help spread this video
around people start asking about what
silicon to use link them to this you
know give a about the views but
this this was this was pretty
informative to me so hopefully guys
hopefully his benefits more than just
just a handful of people all right man
take it easy everybody and got any
questions just comment away