good morning dudes how you doing today
I'm doing good we have traveled in the
vehicle too near the mountains and we're
a vanilla farm right now I'm going to
show you guys around a vanilla farm and
there's nobody else here so I think you
might have like a personal tour
but what we're going to be doing is we
need to be putting a match right on the
ground outside there remember I told you
we filled up so Clinton at this and the
workers you need to come grab the
vanilla beans up and put them inside
single containers and inside away in the
front we get a lot of this little
business because even though we mark and
we have around 7,000 fresh turmeric root
drying out fresh turmeric or in the UK
tumeric yes oh maybe I'm saying it wrong
this doesn't have any cinnamon are
almost for flavor so we take it out if
we have to be used in a compost these
guys also make cinnamon and all sorts of
other spices and this is the cinnamon
you're probably used to seeing which is
cassia and but this apparently is the
profits like the real cinnamon which is
Ceylon cinnamon or honey cinnamon and
it's much better for you in this darker
cinnamon and they strip it off of the
it's the bark
basically they take the bark off and
then it's the other layer just
underneath these are the vanilla beans
that they produce
Oh smells so good we have the vanilla
plant okay remember I told you is a vine
they climb from 50 to 60 feet high on a
tree it's in orchid that's the only
edible orchid in the world it's an
epiphyte to an airplane they take
everything they need is your leaves from
the rain from the Sun in from here we
have the flowers the mark I talked you
about I remember that when we pollinate
a flower the flower dries on the plan
and the little stem that was holding the
flower is going to start growing and
turning into the vanilla bean and this
is what that is right this is ringing
okay when they're open they're going to
be looking like this let's see okay okay
this was pollinated already see that
hole right there that means that we
already party so probably the workers
came this morning and pollinated
different
what's the hole in it so they hand
pollinate the vanilla flowers and then
the vanilla bean will become a vanilla
bean once is pollinated it's beautiful
yeah so relaxing
it's very one size of those leaves so
they want any bigger leave Wells biggest
leaves
these are the vanilla beans and taking
little pit stop of this house how
awesome is it
yeah that's not a bad view zip what is
this Ceylon cinnamon sound to all ships
cinnamon tea oh that's so nice so
refreshing so notice in vanilla bean
cheesecake thank you I gather from this
place is that if not just a farm like
they do produce for these different
spices including vanilla but they focus
on executing like biodiversity so all
the other plants help the other parts
and it's really interesting I expected
to kind of see rows and rows of sort of
in there or something way more organized
they did it is pretty organized but it's
like in tune with how it should be I
nothing takes away from anything else
and it's everything works together Mike
how many times have you been here I have
no idea at least my bear down yeah you
are here mostly for the spice shop there
auntie yeah you know bunch of stuff yeah
I'm gonna be buying some turmeric Ceylon
cinnamon nice a few other goodies Oh
homemade stuff see you find the recipe
behind the package this is the one for
baking and cooking on the tour is
finished since it's very very warm right
now
yeah I'm looking for decency yeah that
conditionings the one yeah that was
really cool - it was like I learned at
home learn a lot about the production
and the growth and the farming of
vanilla and other spices
we're going to a place so if you
recommend
for lunch since I have to climb over a
mountain together yeah we go another
recommendation
we have come to Ronnie's place and
Ronnie's place has one of the best views
I've seen so far how nice is this
today's lunch consists of rice and beans
and mahi-mahi okay on vegetables this
looks amazing
cheers man Cheers
cmeg awesome little meal I'm really
going to miss the food here actually I
forgot home in a couple of days well a
few days right I am bored of work
I'm kind of running out of beer and the
Sun is going down hectically right now
check this out
so I don't know what to do really
there's a little surf contest going on
next door so I'm not gonna have a little
look at that go and watch that
as long as I got beer I'll be happy I'm
gonna stop in at the Vista Hermosa for a
smoothie mmm delicious and nutritious
it's been a fun evening it's been a fun
day actually nice and educational
learning about vanilla spices
bio-diversity loads of fun stuff today
right I'm going to call it a night
amigos
remember if you're a Costa Rican brownie
come through to my meetup in San Jose on
Tuesday the 15th of April that is in a
few days and we can say hello and hang
out and be cool anyway seeing the vlog
tomorrow remember to work hard be nice
to people and try not to get lost or
killed okay love you bye