before you start making any food you
need to have the proper utensils to make
them otherwise you'll be disappoint the
cardi in product so before I start
making us I'm going to show you the
types of things I have this is a normal
standard nonstick copper pan which is
probably about seven inches in diameter
and this is also the one slightly
smaller this pan though it's a nonstick
pan you can see the two nodules the two
rivets so even though it's not a big
issue sometimes people find it difficult
because you cannot put the batter about
the the rivets level so it's nicer if
you have a pan that this is all smooth
right to the top so it is it make but my
other favorite is the standard non
nonstick of a pan which is from Sri
Lanka and this I have been using for the
last probably 20 years over 20 years and
this is well seasoned and you can see
it's a battered old pan but I love this
pan because it gives the proper
authentic purpose with the nice browning
color you can get the brown color in the
non-stick pans as well
I personally my personal preferences
this one but these pans are freely
available you can buy online or you can
go to an Asian shop maybe in Southall to
thing and you should be able to get a
pan like that ideally you should have to
pass one hand takes too long to make
and but also this awkward Aqaba needs
slow very slow became a divisive hopper
grunts so this is something to bear in
mind before you start making the hoppers
just to make sure that you have proper
utensils so that's one type the second
one and that's my all-time favorite the
battered old uh Petacchi as they call it
the pans normally come with a late
fitting day when you're cooking the
hoppers you need to color it otherwise
it will kind of flow and come off the
edges because it needs to harden before
you can actually open the need which
probably will take about one minute