watching our Channel today I'm going to
talk about my Medusa headpiece and my
Medusa dress that I made for Halloween
last year um I'm going to start off with
the headpiece um this is a part two to
our first tutorial that we made um just
a couple of extra things that I wanted
to let everybody know was whenever you
start your headpiece um your first thing
you always want to do is get a a piece
of the uh plastic that you're going to
use and wrap it around your head to know
the size of your head so once you get
that you want to glue it and that's
going to be your base of your head
headpiece then you're going to once you
do the other snakes you're going to
weave and intertwine them um and then
they're going to be coming out you know
and shaped um with the heat gun like our
first tutorial had said so another thing
that I wanted to uh let everybody know
was extra thing an extra effect that we
built on was um little eldie lights um
that we used that um as you can tell
here um that I inserted into like the
mouths of the snakes so at night time
they would glow um and it gave it a
better
effect so so now I'm going to talk about
the dress and kind of give you a few
tips on how you can make a dress or a
costume um cheap um and yet still look
like it's expensive so first of all you
don't have to be a seamstress to do your
own costume um you know it's all about
imagination and what you can use to make
it um look good for a good price so
first of all I would start off with the
top and how I did my top um of the dress
I'm going to show you here I actually
took an old shirt and here you can kind
of see one of the shirts that I took and
in the back it has kind of like a
built-in bra so this is something that
you could always um do to kind of get
you started and what I did was I took
the um Brown material I cut it cut this
off got the uh brow material over and
then I just kind of wrapped it around
just kind of like this and made the base
um of the top as you can kind of see
here first then I got um this was
another piece of dress actually I had
two dresses that I found at a flea
market that um was pretty cheap I think
it was like maybe $5 a dress um and so
what I did was it had shoulders um and I
didn't want so what I did was I sewed
them together I sewed this on top of
that um to give it the effect and then I
cut it around and then I just kind of um
sewed those pieces in so that way it
looked like this and you didn't have the
shoulders then you can kind of see I'm
going to twist this back around a little
bit and once you get down to here you
can see the dress was just a short dress
and what I did was I flipped the second
dress um upside down and I sewed the two
dresses together so it gave me an long
skinny um dress that I needed um then
what I did was I took um leather piece
which you can get just like this at any
fabric store um and then what I did was
I cut the shape to make it look like the
belly of the snake um and made kind of
ridges to go around and then we um
painted the the stomach lindes to make
it look like the the snake belly and
painted a few effect and kind of did
some fading effects so that way it would
look a little more realistic there then
I kind of had a little bit trouble on
the bottom of the tail of how the effect
I wanted to to show so what I decided to
do and it end up working out a lot
better was I took a second piece of
material and what I did was when I went
to the fabric store I kind of took took
it to kind of match up the pattern that
I had on the top now when you do go look
for snake material you're going to have
several different styles and textures so
you know do take a piece of material or
even a color sample with you so you know
what colors um and snake skin pattern
you want to you want to use so as you
can tell the snake um tail of it and
what I end up doing was taking the
material and making it kind of in half
and then I sewed one in and made like a
long tube um once I got the long tube
going I filled it in with cotton um and
um Sponge you know anything to make it
fluffy but be careful don't um stuff it
in with like other material or something
that's very heavy because and then
you're just going to have a very heavy
dress and you're going to have to walk
around with that so make it as light as
possible but something that will fluff
it out like like cotton or sponge or
something like that no one's going to
see it again get something that's cheap
um now what I did was you know you want
to make sure wherever you start your
tail at which I started in the
back um you can tell
that you start in the back and you want
to wrap it around so that way nobody can
see where you started your tail at so
when you wrap it
around um you can it'll look like the
effect that you have you know your slim
slim waist and then your tail going
around now what I did do as you're you
know walking around sometimes you can
pin it with safety pins around and even
this the tail I had it like pinned up
here to the hip so that way it gave it a
more of effect that it was wrapping
around my body and you can actually wear
it two different ways you can wear it
where like this how I have it here it's
more of a slim effect to it or um what I
did was I had an old pett coat uh for
underneath like the wedding dresses and
so forth palm dresses um which hey
always go to a thrift store you could
always find some there um and then what
I did was I put it underneath the dress
and since the dress itself is very
stretchy it puffed it out really nice
almost like a bell so the snake tail
actually wrapped around maybe twice
around the rim and then around my back
and then up to the hip is where kind of
where I had it there um so that way it
would give it a better effect like the
the tail is being wrapped around so you
know sometimes you may have to when
you're making a dress is sketch it out
um get the idea of how you want it to
look on you everybody's a little bit
different people are shorter people are
taller um and kind of get an idea of how
you want it and then um you know then
kind of use the material use the tail
and you know put it where you want it to
lay where it it looks nice on you um and
then the last thing was um whenever I
put this together you know I I kind of
gave it a little bit of effect here with
the same material so that way it looked
like it was a full dress that's how it
was made and then the leather um
material that I put on here made it look
like more of that Age Era um and then I
also put it on the uh tail end here um
and then if you can hear I even put a
little rattle in there but um you can
shape it like you know like the actual
uh scorpion tail type in there um so
that way it um gives it a nicer effect
there and the leather makes it looks you
know it breaks up the colors the
contrast of the different materials but
it all Blends really nice together so um
until very the very last is you know
look at our other tutorials of how we
made our bow my bow and arrow um my
headpiece and then you know the last was
you know I also got these um little um
arm bands that I had put on just for the
same you know effect for you know since
she was an Archer and um had the bow and
arrow on there and you can um always get
these at some you know party stores also
they'll have those around um and I think
you know thank you so much for watching
our Channel um do continue to watch our
other tutorials and please know uh post
that you like our Channel subscribe and
we greatly appreciate it till next time