hi guys can't hear today I'm pickling
some meat
I have here some pork shoulder meat and
we're gonna use this for the seasoning
to cure it this is the NAMM powder
seasoning mix you can find this at your
local Asian grocery store especially a
Thai or loud store should carry these
okay so I'm use a packet of this this is
about 1/2 pound of meat gonna add some
chopped minced garlic about 2 tbsp 1
tablespoon of MSG optional mix this
okay so once you get it thoroughly mixed
you wanna put it in the container I'm
using just a Tupperware and you'll want
to let this sit on the counter for at
least three days two to three days until
it's firm enca orange so it's pickle to
your liking make the sourness up to your
preference okay just cover it in the
counter for a couple days okay so you've
been two days so this is now ready it's
sitting over the counter for two days
and as you can see there's a lot of
juice that came out while there was
cheering so that's a good sign dates did
a good job of caring and I did flip this
after the first day so they the meat
would easily get cured so yeah the juice
and now if you wanted to leave it longer
for it more sour you can leave it a
little bit longer hmm one more one more
day or two more days if you like but
this you can smoke I can smell it it's a
really already sour enough for me so
this is good I'm gonna just go ahead and
cook it okay so let me use my airfryer
to cook it
get some of that just in there so that
the flavor and seasoning it's cooked as
it's cooking juice okay okay so it's
cooking in my airfryer so it took about
20 20 minutes okay
alrighty so it's been ten minutes let's
take a look and then let it finish off
cooking for the last 10 minutes
you see whoops nice juicy and dirty
cooked pickles to perfection perfect
soundness very savory
and you might ask Mike that you wonder
why it's still red if it's cooked it's
because of the red salt of the the red
salt that seasoning salt that makes it
red clear it with that salt pick it
makes the meat red but it's cooked so
yeah mmm so good and voila guys pickle
what's shorter meat that's a sticky rice
to go with it some roasted chili powder
juicy tender yummylicious hmm show you
me about the pepper goes great with it
if you want it spicy dip it in the
pepper right mmm fresh coriander or
cilantro with it
this is also beautiful cuz it's our will
they it's good when you're buzzed
perfect great guys thanks for watching
see you next time bye