[Music]
good morning everyone so today I am
going to tell me everything about
falling off these are my two volume of
plants one part has the two plants
growing and the other part is one plant
growing and today I am going to tell you
everything about the hollyhock from
growing some seeds to transplanting into
new parts so I am completely growing it
for the first time and what I have seen
on the Internet is that Polly Hawk
really grow very tall and these are
perennial and by Lillian in nature and
and what does these gives really very
good flowers all throughout the year and
if you cut them they come again and
again and their seeds if you do not take
the seeds out on time they will just
rupture at the rupture up and they will
just completely spread out in your
garden so let's get started time to time
and we're going to show you the bare
growth so the first thing which I am
going to do today is to repot this small
small one small pot into this bigger pot
as you can see I have already added some
soil to it now I will remove the soil
from this pot from the middle so that
I'll make some hole for this plant to
get in and since there are two plants in
the smaller pot I will have you bought
them into two bigger pots and this one I
think it is still in a much better pot
so what I will do I just add soil to it
since the soil quantity permits list I
just add soil to it
so this soil which I'm I'm showing you
this is nothing but the compost prepared
in my garden and plus there is some
brown soil which we usually get from the
roadside or something so I'm trying to
make some hole in the center of the
sport
now as you can see this spot has a hole
in the center and in this Center I am
going to add the plant from the squalor
pot first we need to get this out from
here now if I directly snatch it a creek
this there are chances that it is going
to break one of the older leaf has
fallen so as you can see this hollyhock
was planted on 24th October morning and
today is water 28th of December so
almost a month and this is the growth
the growth is really fast and from the
seeds also they start to germinate
probably seven days or even less
sometimes so what I am going to do it
I'll just beat it from the side so that
the soil gets smooth and I don't have to
put in much efforts to get it out and
also from the town
null hole put the plants from the top
and I am going to tilt it down tilt it
at an angle of 60 degree and not 90
degree completely Wow now you can see
the roots the roots have completely gone
round and round so this has completely
come out now I'm going to divide into
two hearts this will probably not be
easy I don't want to destroy any of the
roots how to do it the roots look really
nice the good thing about this is that
it looks really nice maybe I should just
port it like this but I want the growth
of both that large to be good
let's try cutting it from the sensor
oh okay it's done
ii see i have broken it down into two
and some of the root should have broken
so not to worry since if the root gets
damaged they will again come out too
quickly since the entire client is
intact and if you can see I'll just show
you if you can see this small plant is
coming a new small plant is coming near
the this old plant so I don't know
whether it is coming from the seed or it
is coming as a baby plant for this
mother plant because as far as remember
I had sown two seeds in this and the two
seeds grow into two plants so this must
be the baby plants now what I will do I
will just put it into this bigger pot as
it is without disturbing any root system
from a previous mistake I have learned
that if you disturb the root system they
are supplied the chances of growing or
clientelist so I will just put it here
and from the sides I am going to add
some of the soil and some of the coco
peat now from my experience I have
gained that Coco peas is a good medium
for the roots to grow faster so I'll
just add some of the soil from the side
this is a cloth which I am adding this
has half to be composed into compost but
soon it is going to decompose into
compost
I am going to press it a bit
okay so from the size this is covered I
have to be careful not to disturb the
setting of the plant I mean the leaves
and the roots for some days this plant
will take time to grow as it has two
adjacent it in its new environment but
later I am pretty sure that it will move
faster so half of the work is done now
this is a mixture of this is a mixture
of coco peat and water I am going to add
this since the roots grow faster in this
medium I could have added this at the
bottom also quieter it's okay
I can also advocate the tops for better
aeration you can see and time to damn
I'll keep on earth it will digging the
soil and also I'll add more of the
compost to it more of nutrients per soil
and as I told you in my previous video I
use NPK fertilizers to buy fine and they
give me really good result
so this is done now I've completely
covered it with compost the old soil
which was there in the smaller pot and
on top of it I have added the coco peat
so this plant is standing in it and it
is it is now it has now got a bigger
root and the roots will find it easier
to penetrate now I have a told you I
also tell you about the seeds so these
are the seeds of Holly oak I got this
packet online and these are really big
seeds
as you can see now how do we grow so as
you only know about you that I prefer
going the seeds in greenhouse in
greenhouse using the any boxes having a
cover at the top and some smaller hole
in that cover so I've got this box three
previously some water our seeds are
growing in it I have transplanted these
wallflower into a bigger pot and this
court is left now I'll utilize this spot
for growing of my hollyhock seeds
I just have to prepare the soil well so
for better aeration of the seats and so
that the roots can penetrate now I take
the mixture of the soil and coco peat
design previously I just use the soil
having compost now this soil has compost
normal clay soil and I'll add the
mixture of coco peat as well do this on
the top now I've added coco peat to it
on the top
as you can see it is moist and this
looks good I'll just make it even and
I'll plant two seeds of colleauge in
this only two seats will be sufficient
because otherwise it is very difficult
to take them out this is another mistake
which I have been doing that I make
takes or too many of the seats and later
when I transplant them most of them die
in the process of transplanting so this
is I'll just remove the stickers and
since this is not quality work anymore
also I not will put a new sticker of
volume off now take these volume of
seeds
my hands have become little dirty
okay so I got three in number so out of
three III I think - must grow into
germinate so if you see these are very
small Assad oh sorry not small but
slightly bigger seats so what I'll do
I'll make smaller holes in this some one
inch apart in this pot and put my Molly
hop seeds in the holes and I'll cover
these holes with the dirt
so this process is done now I take the
lid of the box it's slightly broken but
it will solve the purpose of her
greenhouse effect
so I'll close this up and since there is
moisture every day I will get some
droplets on the top and I'll date them
today 28th of December and I let you
know how many days exactly it takes to
glow so thank you so much and keep you
updated about this do like subscribe and
comment and share my channel if you
liked it let me know if you have any
queries I'll try to solve them