hi guys welcome back to my channel and
for the first time possibly ever and I'm
standing up during one of my videos
sorry if my voice sounds like poop it's
because I'm a little bit sick but why am
i standing up singing front of my cloth
I realized that I don't have any room
for my new clothes even though I now
have a bigger closet in this house I
still don't have any room so I think
it's time to clean out my closet and I
normally do this every couple months and
then I donate everything since I was
fighting on cleaning out my closet
anyway I decided that I would put some
things that I would normally be donating
up on my Poshmark account for you guys
so you guys can buy them and they're
gonna be really cheap like normally I'll
just give them away so I'm not gonna try
to make you pay a bunch of money for all
these things so I no longer like these
pieces or I don't think they're cute
anymore that's not it I just don't have
room so I figured it would be better if
somebody else we can go to a new happy
home if you don't have it already make
sure you go download Poshmark for free
the link to download it is in my bio and
you can shop my closet let's see so
stuffy it's ridiculous my closet name is
a trainee and Lee's just like my
Instagram just like my youtube so if you
want to shop some of the things that I'm
putting up then that's the place to go
and I also think I'm gonna do a video
cleaning out my beauty drawers because
those are full I'm looking at them right
now and it's filling me with dread
because I literally have boxes of
product just like piling out everywhere
so that's not good that's not a good
thing not a good look okay let's get
into it shall we
time to clean out to the closet okay so
this half is mine and not half the
stages and his is like not even close to
being full classic boy let's see what I
have here I see something that I
probably will not wear again well it's
really pretty this little dress it's
from Toby it's really cute
I think like really nice nothing wrong
with it flowering but I haven't worn it
in the last six seven months so that's
the clue to me that it's time to go to
make room for some somebody else this
dress will be listed look at this cutie
pie
goodbye dress here's another thing this
is so cute I mean I love how it looks I
think it's super girly and like just fun
I got birthing in Nebraska but I just
haven't worn it I think it doesn't fit
my boobs really well I thought it would
when I first bought it but when I try it
when I all the times I've tried to wear
it just looks funky on my boobs so I
think it's also time to go for this guy
another dress this guy add more to my
brother's wedding or know my brother's
rehearsal dinner or something for his
wedding last summer and it was really
cute and it served a good purpose but I
don't really like wearing pink I think I
got it just because it's like festive
for a wedding but I don't really like
red pink so I haven't worn it again but
I only wore this once it's from the
brand Lucca which I'm pretty sure it is
you got to be ruthless when you clean up
your closet you're gonna end up keeping
everything this dress I think is so
pretty and I got it from Buffalo
Exchange and I was really excited about
it and you know sometimes when you're
thrifting you just buy and to buy things
at least I do this I end up buying
things that aren't exactly the right fit
cuz I'm so excited about the deal a good
deal but this really is too big for me
it just doesn't I don't know I when I
try to put it on it's not very
flattering because it is a little too
big so I think this is also gonna go are
you feel good about this that was like a
good little chunk of dresses that I
don't wear you know you can make up
excuses all you want but sometimes I got
this last year it says
happy when it rains and I think it's
cute but like this isn't really my style
anymore I think this is my very brief
phase of wanting to be like an Instagram
baddie and in just I don't think I don't
know just doesn't suit me anymore
I think this is a super cute little
little tank this is like Emma
Chamberlain lives you know really comfy
yes sure I've literally worn this I
don't even
oh so many times that the tag thing is
barely on it one most so much I have
this for like three or four years it
just says the Jimi Hendrix Experience
it's like a nice classic little rocker
cutoff thingy but I didn't wear it all
this summer and this has been my go-to
summer like throw on shirt for years so
the fact that I didn't wear at the
summer I think is a sign that it's time
for a new home it's a nice black blouse
kind of like a see-through really cute
flowering it's from the Vera Wang but I
just never wear it so time to go I never
worry about you since this is from Iiro
which is a good designer
my old boss gave this to me and I think
it's super cute I went a couple times
but I just don't like body suits they
make they just aren't comfortable so
this is also gonna go get some a green
bomber I've had this for so long you
can't really go wrong it's just like a
short green bomber super lightweight
it's great for like early fall and it's
still kind of warm out but I just don't
think I'm gonna be wearing it at all
this year
I think it's time that's gone come and
gone for me here's another comic Chanel
vibes this jacket but some also from the
designer ear oh it's just a little too
small for me on the arms so whenever I
try to put it on it's like a little too
tight when I try to lift up so this
guy's gonna gonna go as well another
euro top also doesn't really fit me I
think I just grabbed a bunch of stuff
that I thought was cute but it doesn't
actually fit you know I just get too
excited
these sandals are from Dolce Vita there
I only wore them a couple times they set
them to me I wore them for like a couple
photo shoots but they're just not really
my exact style they're close but I just
never reached towards them so these are
literally brand new their size I mean
eight I'm an eight yeah really cute
brand-new these I got from Nasty Gal
they have the cute little racer stripe
on the side and also they just don't fit
me quite right I think they're a little
too small they're size eight yeah
UK size eight but they're just a little
too small normally I'm like a two or a
four I'm like 27 and Levi's but
something about these are just a little
too small they're brand new never even
tomorrow so snag these up if if you can
another maxi I'll purchase this is a
really cute like I would so sadly this
doesn't fit
I learned a bunch of stuff from Nasty
Gal and I wasn't I didn't pay like the
closest amount of attention to the sizes
and I don't know this one so the skirt
is so cute I love the link I love the
style but it's too big for me sadly it's
a size small but it's too big so I'd say
normally if you're like a medium then
this would probably fit you because it's
way too big around the waist for me but
I love this skirt it's really really
cute
please someone buy it let it go to a
good home it's brand new
I remember that I put some things under
the bed to donate a while ago so I'm
gonna put these in as well these are so
all these things have like such memories
such memories this is this I also wear
this all the time when I had my own blog
oh my gosh I don't know if you can
really see it on camera but it's like
little roses so fabric roses it's black
it's kind of see-through honestly really
cute top I feel like I was a little
ahead of the curve
this top I got this like four or five
years ago and but it's really cute
really flattering but it's just over for
me I'm done time to move on
good for a night out that's my camera
getting too hot it's not what that means
you pay sis I'm gonna get rid of this
bag I think it'll be the reason I got it
is cuz I think it'd be a good camera bag
um it's like the perfect size to put
your camera and has a lot of room on the
inside it's kind of like structured and
it's so cute I really do think it's cute
but I just have never worn it I don't
think that is really my go-to color yeah
it has these nice little studs on the
bottom too
honestly a winner right here so put that
up as well
okay I'm back I have to take a lunch
break because I got really hungry this
is kind of fun
I've only a Havanese Poshmark I'm like
quite a few years I used to do it in
high school and I don't think I sold
anything when I did it in high school so
I think I got a little sad and quit but
I just posted a bunch of stuff I mean
everything pretty much ten dollars as
you can see I posted a bunch of stuff
yeah
ten dollars like I'm just gonna normally
out donate it anyway so I might as well
make it a price that you guys can
actually afford and buy and not be like
you know it's just easy just easy peasy
if you guys want to check that out this
video is sponsored by Poshmark if you
didn't already get that gist but that
just really doesn't mean anything this
is basically just a good excuse to get
off my ass I'm actually cleaning out my
closet sage is gonna be really happy
because all my clothes are starting to
go on his side and I have a bunch of
things that I bought that there's no
hangers for its time it was just time
and I'm glad that I can eat make a video
out of it for you guys it's like a
triple
I mean you guys can get my clothes I'll
actually clean out my closet and I get a
video get to make a video I don't give
me please for having this be
sponsored like you know just relax
everybody it's all good
this is exciting so many people are like
sharing my stuff and I'm starting to
follow me I feel very flattered this is
exciting
I have 74 followers and I have no idea
who any of them are or how they found me
but I'm excited please comment let me
know if you would like me to go through
my beauty closet beauty storage stuff
because I'm gonna be doing that anyway
so just give me a little motivation to
push through cuz there's a lot of it and
I think I might sell over Poshmark to
like my old stuff if they're if it's not
use I'm gonna do giveaway but if it's
slightly used I'm gonna try to like sell
it for them know barely any money on
Poshmark if you guys want to try to buy
it not sure if that's allowed but I will
investigate and you I was out of town
for a week now I'm back lots of videos
coming thank you guys so much for
watching
go down the Poshmark the link is in the
bio it's free all my stuff's on it go
look at it I'll be really really
flattered and happy if you guys buy
something from me that will be like
really exciting because last time nobody
bought anything from me and I cried and
deleted the app so hopefully somebody
buys my stuff the Sun anyway love you
guys I hope you have a great week and I
will see you next time bye