how'd it grow is very guess fern the new
growth of asparagus fern asparagus densa
Flores resembles tiny asparagus spears
hence its common name not actually a
fern this evergreen perennial suited to
US Department of Agriculture plant
hardiness zones 9 a through 11 belongs
to the same botanical family as culinary
asparagus asparagus often Alice USDA
zones four through nine it is a good
plant for the beginning gardener because
it requires little care growing outdoors
asparagus ferns grow best outdoors and
consistently moist loamy soil with a pH
of six point one to seven point five it
should drain well enough that it does
not get soggy low in the soil that
contains roughly equal parts of sand
silt and clay asparagus ferns grow from
eighteen to twenty-four inches tall and
should be spaced 36 to 48 inches apart
and filtered Sun or bright indirect
light you can grow them in full shade
but their foliage will turn a lighter
green hot afternoon Sunday may cause the
leaves to turn yellow
they grow best with a minimum winter
temperature of 50 degrees Fahrenheit a
light breeze will cause them to die to
the ground but the roots will recover
from a freeze from 20 to 25 degrees
Fahrenheit
growing in containers whether as very
guess fern containers are located
indoors or outdoors they should be
filled with a mix of one part of sander
perlite to two parts of loam and two
parts of peat moss keep indoor
containers by a brightly lit window with
morning Sun if possible when a container
is outdoors keep it in filtered Sun or
bright indirect light asparagus ferns
can grow a massive roots one inch wide
and three to six feet long capable of
filling a container and blocking its
drainage hole repot an asparagus fern
when a solid mass of tough roots pushes
the soil to an inch or more above the
rim of the pot when you remove a cramped
plant divided and planned in two or more
containers or moved to a larger
container use a pruning saw to cut the
root mass into pieces don t worry about
damaging the roots they will recover
before dividing the root mass soak your
saw blade in 70% isopropyl alcohol
available at most garden supply centers
and pharmacies for two to five minutes
and air dry before using watering keep
soil and containers lightly moist and
let it dry between watering if a
container at humilate Stu much water and
closed asparagus fern roots can develop
fungal diseases letting the potting mix
and containers get dry between watering
assures that this will not happen there
is less danger of water accumulating an
outdoor soil that drains well keep
outdoor soil evenly moist throughout the
spring to late summer growing season if
it is not raining moisten the soil with
water at the base of the plant not on
the foliage there is no need to water in
the winter when the plant is dormant
mulch outdoor asparagus firms with a two
to three inch layer of leaves or chopped
or shredded wood or bark to suppress
weeds and help conserve moisture
fertilizing two container grown
asparagus ferns add 1tsp of slow-release
10-10-10 fertilizer pellets per gallon
of soil mix in early spring spread the
pellets on top of the mix and water them
in you may never need to fertilize an
asparagus fern growing outdoors in rich
soil if you think your newly planted
outdoor asparagus fern is doing poorly
fertilize it with 1/4 pound water
soluble 10 2010 fertilizer per 10 square
feet of area early in the spring to late
summer growing season sprinkle the
fertilizer on top and water then do not
fertilize near the end of the growing
season signaled by the first autumn
Frost