hi I am so excited that I'm making the
videos again for YouTube to help you
guys out with some of the different
recipes and tips and tricks that I use
our internet was horrifically slow so we
had to change providers so now I'm
really excited that I can do this for
you guys and thank you guys so much I
reached 500 and something views one of
my videos so I'm super excited about
that I'm going to make the videos more
consistently now and try to give you
guys what you want from it so let me
know if there's something in particular
that you want and I can show you how I
make soaps or how I make my crackers and
things like that um so if you haven't
watched my videos before we are a paleo
family mostly I mean honestly we do have
our cheap dates and things like that um
but what I want to show you today is how
I do my almonds so these are just raw
almonds that I bought I buy most of my
stuff in bulk so I like to do my almonds
myself because I know exactly what's
going into them I can customize them so
I roast my own almonds and I add
seasoning so today what we're gonna do
is this is a dry rub actually that we
use for some of our meat so these are
committe be like barbecue flavor this is
just a real simple rub you can buy it
these also in bulk like in spices and
stuff like that and um the other cool
thing about doing your own almonds is
that you can make absolutely whatever
flavor you want them to be I've done dip
mixes so you buy into the prepackaged
dip mix of whatever flavor chili line
was one of our favorites and then I'll
show you guys how will we mix it in so
are you gonna need an egg and what
you're going to do is you're just going
to use the white of the egg and I really
like this method with the protein from
the egg white a lot better
you don't lose as much of the flavoring
as you do so I tried like oil where I
just toss it with oil and then I put
that in the oven and you lose a lot of
your actual flavoring if you do it that
way but this works as a really really
great binder and it's so shelf stable so
you're just gonna want to coat all of
your nuts with that egg white and just
make sure they're all wet with the egg
white so with this recipe because it's
not super particular it's really
flexible I just dump however many
almonds that I'm making it to a bowl and
then I add however many egg whites that
I need in order to get them all coated
so then you're just gonna sprinkle your
seasonings in there and toss it together
and again you can use like ranch
dressing for this you can use any spices
and flavors that you want and it's a lot
more economical this way as well because
I really love feeding my kids and my
family nuts for snacks and things like
that but they can be super expensive if
you buy them are tea flavored okay so
then I just take those and pour them
[Applause]
so you just poured onto a baking sheet
and spread them out so they're just in a
single layer and then I'm gonna toss
them in the oven at 350 and I keep a
good eye on them
is it really you don't want them to burn
it's like keep a good eye on them
and I stir them a couple of times during
the process but it only takes about 15
minutes to set the protein and cook it
so I'm gonna toss this in the oven and
then I will show you guys what its gonna
look like when these are all cooked and
so you have a good idea of when you
should pull them out because they are a
little um like rubbery I guess is the
right word when the nuts heat up they
aren't crispy and so sometimes it's hard
to tell if they're all the way roasted
and if they're all the way done if
you're just going off a texture so I'm
gonna toss them in the oven and I will
show you guys what they look like okay
so here are the almonds after they came
out you can see that there are some
places where there is a little
accumulation of the white and so you can
just kind of pick that off if you make
sure that you just have enough white to
cover how much of the almonds you have
how many almonds then you're not gonna
get kind of those little areas of
accumulation um so they're just a little
bit darker and like I said they're kind
of chewy when you eat them when they're
this warm but they're going to become
crisp after they cool down I don't know
if I mentioned it before but I cook
these at 350 so you can cook them a
little hotter but I like 350 excuse me
also this is how I score them I just put
in these jars and then if I have a lot
of different flavors I'll write and
sharpie what flavor it is on the top and
I just keep these in my cupboards like
that and they store really well they're
great for road trips and quick easy
snacks that type of thing
anyway so that's just a quick little
tutorial on how to make some flavored
almonds and like I said you can pick any
flavor you want it's really adaptable
it's really easy and it's fast they cook
like 10-15 minutes in the oven and you
can package them up and be done way more
cost-effective and they're also
delicious so if you have any questions
let me know and don't forget to
subscribe to see all of the new videos
I'm gonna be posting here in the next
few weeks all right thanks guys have a
good day