hello welcome and just Institute sunset
I'm miss Christine and I have lVN's here
Christian sin and we're going to go
ahead and show you the proper procedure
of installing and removing a Foley
catheter
remember only licensed nurses could
perform this procedure and the point of
this procedure is to go ahead and drain
bladder so Christian what are the
purposes on why we're doing other Foley
catheters there are many reasons for
this one is urinary incontinence s if
you have leaking urine or if you're
unable to control your bladder
another reason is urinary retention
that's if you're unable to enter your
bladder that's also used if you have
surgery on your prostate or your
genitals and for other medical
conditions such as multiple sclerosis
correct as you can tell there are
different types of sizes and also
material you have to make sure that you
talk to your patient to see that they
have any kind of latex allergies so so
tell us what we have here so we have
four different types of catheters here
the first one is a condom catheter for
men with incontinence second one is the
straight catheters to collect the
sterile urine specimen this one right
here is a 3-way catheter for irrigation
also used to instill medication or to
clean up the bladder this last one I
have here is a Foley catheter also known
as the indwelling catheter this
particular one stays in for short or
long period of time as you can see there
are two important numbers to look for
the first one is the size of the
catheter the bigger the size that take
you to the second one is the modern
normal saline to insert to inflate the
balloon correct now that we've
introduced the different types of
catheters we're going to show you the
procedure of sterile gloves
now we're gonna go ahead and demonstrate
to you stand buffing we have Christian
here who's obviously washed his hands
how many minutes one minute great
and also the overhead table is at his
waist so he's gonna open it away from
the body first now with his dominant
hand he has to make sure that it's gonna
be inserted first so you have to make
sure that you touch the inside of the
glove so it doesn't contaminate the
purpose of sterile gloves is because we
don't want to contaminate the Foley
catheter there you go
not every time is going to be perfect
but that's okay because with your
sterile right you can go ahead and tuck
your hand inside that cuff get your left
handed find that thumb and pull it
towards you
and now he's sterile [ __ ] good morning
mr. Johnson my name is sin
I'll be here nurse today it's okay my
check your wristband yeah all right
okay well mr. Dustin you have an order
for a Foley catheter today did you
donate at all today no I've already done
this bearing the old care so we're ready
for the procedure of course the nurses
have provided practically now they're
placing the patient in dorsal
composition bending the news please take
note that the patient is at the level of
the nurse's ways to keep the sterile
field and also to make sure that the
nurse is comfortable with proper body
mechanics now upon doing the procedure
you have to make sure that you open the
materials first before darning on these
sterile gloves are these applying the
sterile gloves he's making sure that
only sterile touches to it
he's removing the holding and installing
the $10 syringe to make sure that it's
patent now is preparing the sterile tree
making sure that the shiny part is down
inside the box our content source is
lubrication what he's gonna be doing is
applying it on the sterile drape throw
even trash please take note that he did
not put his hand underneath his face to
make it sterile now he is placing the
box outside of the sterile drape upon
preparation of cleaning
has three different cleaning materials
first is the iodine cleaning it from
inner and outer second
the third one goes down the urethra
now he's prepared to insert the Foley
catheter please make sure that he does
lubricate the tip mr. Dalton i'ma start
inserting a catheter okay if you feel
any pain or discomfort you let me know
now that he is instilling it
what's the urine starts flowing advanced
one to two inches with the left
non-dominant hand now hold it tube in
place and instill the 10 milliliters of
normal saline
what's a 10 milliliters isn't go ahead
and give it a tug to make sure that it's
in place remove the syringe and connect
the drainage tube once connected you
could place a drainage bag onto the non
moveable part of the bed which includes
the bed frame
please take note do not place it on the
side rail and that is how you insert a
Foley catheter
hello mr. Johnson
I'm gonna be your nurse today I'm gonna
head just check your wrist then real
quick okay so for today we have into
order to remove your dueling catheter
and we're gonna go ahead and beat it out
now are you comfortable yeah okay so I'm
just going to pull down your blanket
[Music]
what do you see right now is checking
the amounts of drainage monitoring the
color and also anything else that's
abnormal and selling the empty ten
milliliter syringe he is removing the
normal saline out of the Foley so the
balloon does inflate
wrapping it around
now that attributes the only important
thing is to wrap it in the glove and
that's how you probably heard