hey youtube this is heiko quick video
out of my front yard what we're looking
at here is a nine-inch nine by nine inch
drain basin purchase at home people
connected to either four or three inch
drain pipe we use the triple wall we
inspire things are also at Home Depot
relatively inexpensive I mean the
station is forty bucks but it comes with
a grid up there and has i want to say
five different positions where you can
hook up pipes you can also run another
pipe into it and then this pipe out of
it what we're using it for right now in
my front yard is to get rid of some
water away from our retaining wall see
how long i run this fight this retaining
wall is holding the dirt back from my
driveway i'll show you here in a second
from the ground there you see this green
piping that's coming out this is a
three-quarter inch pipe that's usually
used for drip or sprinkler irrigation
installation it's called eco locks they
sell that at Home Depot as well and y
and this instant is its serving as a
drainage pipe I'm just going to jump off
the wall real quick it's serving as a
drainage pipe from a sump pump that I
have in my garage see it right there
with wooden blocks under my boss iya is
an inspection pit in this inspection pit
used to have water in it and that really
kind of annoyed me so I ended up
breaking through the concrete and
opening a round opening for a five
gallon bucket turn this five gallon
bucket pretty much into a basket to a
lot burn burn I drilled lots of holes
into it and then put a relatively
inexpensive submersible utility pump
with a automatic switch in there that
yeah semi-permanently wired there's
where that comes up one is the pump one
is the float switch and just an
extension cord into an outlet some
electricians probably gotta be oh my
goodness what are you doing that needs
to be widened yeah it's a utility pump
it's not hardwired anywhere it's just
plugs you know so I think it's good
enough and you know what I'm just going
to show you real quick kind of dark that
inspection pit let me open up one
section here in a we'll turn on right
here we go Oh lay down ya see the
five-gallon bucket with a lid on top
through the hole through it there is a
utility pump in there the float switch
also and i have a check valve right
above the pump and then it goes into PVC
pipe and then eventually it makes the
transition into that cheaper material
they they sell them is 100 foot walls
it's free for inch and usually used for
underground drip or sprinkler irrigation
plumbing and since i couldn't really get
it under the concrete here i just run it
above it made a couple blocks fair to
protect it works really well and you
know i'm not driving in and out of this
garage like 100 times a day a couple
fittings they are called eco lock
fittings they pretty much push in in
seal and they're really good right there
goes all of the garage and then into
this basin here I you know modified a
little bit to pick up at the pipe in
there it's relatively flexible it's UV
resistant and all that good stuff and
then out of a basin the basin comes with
two of those connectors one has a plug
in it let's now install here on the
other side and then this one goes into a
three-inch drainage pipe that's all you
over there my little son he's helping me
and yeah it runs pretty much
alongside of this retaining wall and as
you can see all wit so the pump was
temporary solution just draining up in
there and then I had a little trench dug
so that water can run off but most of
the water apparently still made it into
the ground and it's no slowly seeping
through the wall here and that will
eventually damage the wall so I had to
come up with a little bit more permanent
solution and then at the same time how
we'll use this as well to this is a
downspout coming from my gutter and it
just runs over there into my front yard
and then water dissipates when it rains
here it usually rains really hard and
then cause a lot of erosion so I'm just
going to come down straight put an elbow
on it and drain it into this basin as
well and then we're going to get rid of
all the water right here in front where
the retaining wall ends ollie is about
to cut up a 52 inch piece that goes all
the way to the front here and then it
will dribble out and go into our little
ditzy on the side of the road I just
wanted to show you that this drainage
material like I said it's a triple wall
drainage pipe three inch in a nine by
nine inch drainage basin and yeah
altogether we spend about 100 bucks for
this it's definitely cheaper than
rebuilding this retaining wall here
eventually after a water damage once
this is all dried out i will buy a
liquid sealer which is called radon seal
specifically made for those concrete
block walls seats or soaks into the
material and then makes it more or less
waterproof also gets rid of the
efflorescent and then we could even
paint it but usually once you've paint
something it just peels off and looks
ugly I think it's not too bad at this
point
we'll get rid of the white stuff and
then seal it and then we're good yeah I
hope you find those videos informative I
now the Sun doesn't really help with a
video quality yeah speeding down today
it's kind of in the 60s in gardnerville
Nevada but yeah this is what we're
working on today there's always little
improvements that we're making to our
house and eventually we're going to get
there all right guys take care say bye
ollie all right bye