[Music]
my name is Brian and I'm Walt and
morganite is Australia's gate the reason
we're here today is to tell you about
straights gate is a new product that
helps you get a straight line on the
back yarn Eck and more we invented it
for that reason however we're finding
that there's a lot more things that it
can do I started cutting my hair at a
really young age and the most
challenging part is always trying to get
a nice straight line in the back of your
head so you'd have to hold a mirror with
one hand and the Clippers in the other
hand and it got really tricky and for me
the tricky part was cut in the back of
my neck hairs in between haircuts
you know how grows gets all bushy doubt
back there usually I had my 16 year old
daughter or my wife cut it for me my 16
year old daughter was at work one day my
wife and I just got into a big fight and
we had plans to go out I needed to cut
the back of my neck and there was no way
in hell I was going to ask her to do it
so I had to figure out a way to do it
myself a couple days later I was telling
Walt about it that's when we had a light
bulb moment we realized we could create
a solution to this problem that a lot of
people are having straights gate you
know there's competitors that have a
product that try to do the same thing
that we do but the just inferior ours is
the only thing on the market that
actually sticks to your body you can
move your head this way and shave it or
move it this way and shave it and the
products going to move with you it
doesn't matter which way you move you're
always going to get a straight line
every time you're going to get a
straight line let's say you want to do a
mohawk no mirror by the way and you just
shave on the one side of the line they
can do anything they want because
there's a lot of artists out there and
when I'm talking about artists I'm
talking about people that are not
Haircutters not barbers not hair stylist
regular people like Walt and I that can
use this device any which way they want
to if you need to trim in between
haircuts you cut your own hair or you've
been thinking about doing it straight
scape is for you it's an easy reusable
way to get a clean straight line every
time go to straight scape comm and get
yours today
you
[Music]