hi guys so we are going to be making
another super easy crock poot meal today
we're going to be making chicken and
rice in the crock pot so the ingredients
you'll need for this recipe you'll need
some chicken I am using a little bit
less than what I normally do for this
recipe just because I'm using up what I
had already in the freezer um but you'll
need 1 to 2 lbs of chicken a family size
of this cream of chicken soup two of
these long grain and wild um Uncle Ben's
rice packets and a cup of water so the
first thing you'll do is just put your
chicken in the COC now in a separate
mixing bowl you're going to mix together
your cream of chicken
soup your
water and you'll want to before you add
the rice in the bowl you'll just want to
make sure that you sort of break it all
up make sure there's no clumps in there
and then you can just mix the rice in
there once that's all been
separated now you'll just mix that all
together all right once that's all been
mixed together then you can just go
ahead and pour it right over the
chicken it looks kind of gross at the
beginning but I promise this is
delicious now I'm just going to to cook
this on high for 4 hours you could also
cook it on low for 6 to 8 hours about 15
minutes before we start eating or are
ready to eat I just take two forks and I
shred the chicken um I just find that
it's absorbs the flavor a little bit
better and it's just a little bit easier
for the kids to eat it all right guys so
this is what it looks like when it's all
done um four sides we are just having
roasted broccoli and cauliflower and
we're also waiting for the garlic bread
to come out of the oven so we'll have
that as a side as well and this recipe I
think I forgot to mention in the
beginning is actually from jendu 4 if
you are familiar with the planner
Community she is an admin in we love EC
and there's my girl and she shared this
recipe on one of her periscopes a while
back and we've made it several times and
it comes out awesome every single time
so another super easy crock poot recipe
for you guys I hope you enjoy and I'll
talk to you soon thanks for watching