welcome to delicious Odyssey I am your
host
[Music]
shellan so we all know the repercussions
of eating fried chicken high blood
pressure clogged arteries that heavy
feeling you get after you've eaten fried
chicken and the potential of grease and
the oil is splattering all over you well
today on delicious Odyssey I will be
sharing with you my oven baked fried
chicken this recipe is so delicious I
promise once you've had it you will
never fry another piece of chicken again
I promise starting out I am going to
rinse my
chicken and now I have some lemon this
is the way my mother taught me so this
is the way I do it each and every time
in the past when I've shown chicken
recipes I didn't really show this
process but I did it beforehand most of
you probably use vinegar it's the same
thing just kills bacteria
and now I'm just going to rinse it off
now I have lots of paper towels because
we want to get this nice and dry must
that your chicken is dry so now that my
chicken is dry I'm going to make my wash
so I have three eggs and because my eggs
are small they're so tiny I'm using
three but if you're using big eggs use
two so you guys know when you crack the
egg there's this like little white
fleshy thing that's like in the white
part of the egg I can never do that so
I'm removing that but you don't have to
now I'm going to beat my
eggs make sure you beat them really
well add some Tobasco you can add
whatever kind of hot sauce that you want
do not skip this process I promise it's
not going to make it spicy it's just
going to add a lot of flavor and
moistness to your chicken so you add as
much or as little as you want you want
the egg wash to basically be an orangey
color we are going to add some salt to
our egg wash now we're going to add some
garlic powder some onion
powder so we're going to give that
another
beat so now I'm going to Salt up my
chicken so you want to generously salt
up your chicken so that will be nice and
flavorful so you're going to bend your
wing like that I just pretty much much
took the wing and put it behind it's
very flexible I put it behind the leg
like that and you're going to place it
face down wings are so sexy to me face
down now we're going to work with our
flour now as I'm about to work with my
flour I'm going to set my oven on and
I'm going to set it on 350 and before I
start to work with my flour I'm going to
turn over the chicken so make sure that
it's nicely coated
like that just use your
fork I can just smell that no I'm joking
can't wait to smell it though so
basically toss it around a few times to
make sure it's like evenly coated you
want everything just married in there
now it's time to work with the flour so
I have here some wheat
flour just going to put my flour in My
Pan
[Music]
I have here some parsley
flakes so I'm using a handful of parsley
[Music]
flakes a handful of garlic powder you
want this nice and flavorful that's what
it looks like a Sprinkle of thyme dried
th literally a dash of Rosemary and a
dash of Italian seasoning let's make
that two dashes we're going to add some
pepper
last but not least some salt and now I'm
just going to sift through this and just
make sure everything gets mixed together
my chicken are ready to go in the flour
mix just make sure you get rid of any
excess egg wash that's on the chicken
like that if you use a fork it'll all
just basically SE through and just place
it on the flow mix this is nice and
messy I like to get messy and dirty in
the kitchen
I'm just going to quickly rinse my Fork
so we're going to basically toss and
turn our chicken in the flour mix I have
a large Ziploc bag and I'm just going to
pour them into the
Ziploc I want to make sure everything
gets evenly coated
[Music]
so now that I have it in my Ziploc bag
it's time to
[Music]
shake okay so now that it's thoroughly
thoroughly coated you're going to put it
in our pan so you're just going to
basically pour it back in the pan with
the flour like that and we just going to
lightly coat the bottom of our pan and I
do mean lightly and now I'm just going
to kind of
[Music]
damp off the
excess see there should be no dripping
of oil in your
pan and now we're going to put our
chicken so whatever type of chicken that
you're using I'm using legs and wings so
I'm going to use I'm going to put them
face up okay I'm going to shake off any
excess face up and make sure your skin
is fully covering the chicken shaking
off any
excess that's it now they're ready to go
into the oven now I'm going to put my
chicken in the oven it's been preheating
for
350Â° I'm going to turn it down to about
250 that's it so now we wait for them to
cook I love love this recipe I can't
wait for you guys to see how it turns
out and I'll just kind of like do
something to pass
[Music]
time so our chicken is almost ready I'm
about to pull them out of the
oven as you can see it's almost ready
the top some of the top hasn't quite I
guess seeped in yet the flower hasn't
seeped in yet so we are going to flip it
and what you want to do so that you
won't lose skin is give it a good wiggle
hold the chicken firm and wiggle it
wiggle it wiggle it otherwise you'll
lose the skin wiggle it and you just
turn it over like that wiggle it hold
your chicken
firmly and turn it over
so now my chicken has been in the oven
for 2 hours at 300 I haven't even
flipped them over yet and as you can see
the top most of them is like nice and
brown and crisp oh chicken is
practically cooked so I'm just going to
throw it in the oven for about 10
minutes and it should be
[Music]
ready ah you can hear that Sizzle with
hardly any oil they're beautiful and
crispy so again give them a nice wiggle
to make sure it doesn't stick and the
bottom is going to be Browner of course
than the top because it's been sitting
there for 2 hours but it's not burned
and now my favorite
part they're so
crispy they look fried I literally put a
drop of olive oil in this pan and of
course you can make these skinless I
chose to make them with the skin so okay
my favorite
[Music]
part did you guys hear that crunch I'm
going to do it
again oh it's so good yes I'm happy I'm
very very happy I hope you guys enjoyed
spending time with me please try this
recipe until next time make a life
delicious
bye I'm a
genius while you're frying this chicken
so my arms are jiggly once you try my
chicken you will never ever fried
chicken again what was that