what's up everyone welcome back to my
Wallace kitchen we just want to say
thank you for coming back and checking
us out
muchas gracias por aida sorry Mira mr.
Khurana en la cocina de mi Abuelita he
by popular demand today our dish is so
solid so a lot of you have been
requesting it and so we're going to make
it today the cold season is another
program we're making prosodic for you
guys today all right gracias a todos las
personas que man man Darren Felicita
incompliance muchas gracias les oi las
gracias a Dios los bendiga aqui estan
los ingredientes que alguien la está
pidiendo silver posole y se los vamos a
ser simple a no no sono le ponens tanta
cosa Peru sally muy sabroso
primi estamos ingredient al de poner
pencak way de hacer con carne con más
que nos eau de Puerco y patatas de
Puerco Yaga persona que no quiere hacer
lo si se puede hacer de pau se puede
hacer de carne de res pero yo lo vamos
hacer de carne de Puerco corn SP Nozomi
pata cos de Puerco vamos a hacer este y
esta no mas por que no más para nosotros
y se Hoopa la carne le toda pueden hacer
California or Chile's on Ajo Sabo yeah
irin essence esto por por arriba Perico
Celica so the first thing she's gonna do
is wash the meat
but they've upped about to give up there
tell you though and if you've got a
woman
it is super mohair okay I'm having it
stock up on them across and
pony on dog waitress le falta yo no
messes Tallapoosa pero el levantamiento
sea level and Milla Chambliss alpaca
salga Samedi wrong chiffon that they
were a hook so now she's going to add
the onion como quanto happen early
oh yeah first of all email via como tres
cuartos you know Savoia ah all right
so she had a 3/4 of the onion into the
pot and you're gonna let it just boil
those hockey to self I will meditate on
the medicine team so she's gonna add two
garlic cloves only - because she's gonna
then add some to the chili when she
makes it nice place today Hakkasan a
seminar on Moyers for me Argentina
rekka cáceres accessible and esta la
carne yeah he said Papa - si como por
cuanto tiempo say cozy as need not the
service center for mendelian día para
una hora a pariah hayasaka starveling
distant echoes en la Carmen said
phonemic hacer lo que es siempre wool
suit Chile's California versus curvature
Chile ancho Qantas chili Davis HR
pero como la she's gonna boil 11 chili
pods deveined
while the meat cooks and for the meat
we weren't really clear about how much
we used but it was three pounds of pot
that I means leg and I mean foot not a
foot and then four pounds of just mixed
piggy meat
you ever wonder that tell us and of
children loving to love mom must focus
it at the end from the salsa
yes make sure you wash your hands after
you work with the chili or else if you
touch your eyeball be ready Parihaka
stella carne par applicable or enter
systolic i'll make a door and poke when
the star becomes a lapis ingrid in
plateaus
on robbing Etan's me mama while the meat
is cooking she's gonna slice some radish
see some cabbage and some lemons slice
Oh que bonito yeah yeah yeah Serizawa la
boca are you drooling yet you know sad
party esta put your cabbage thinly slice
I came inside
I want some 11 chili
jana Tehran city little sign she's where
she's gonna blend the chillest she quit
11
Chile's California's that comes from
like one fair way and she's gonna add
water just enough to cover all the
Chile's the time so my heat she's gonna
add a garlic clove nice for this one
people get up the end of the Sun its
middle father Michael the Chancellor
safe
then you add salt in the furniture Sal
are supposed to FK yo soy la la vita
I still chilly Celica selection
there it is when the meat is ready then
you just pour the single en una hora in
maybea haciendo silica meal asteroid
chicken burger justice or the seed fell
among something not aware she yes Imelda
oh yeah just might work
yeah huh okay so the meat has been
boiling for an hour and a half and the
way she checks it to make sure that it's
ready
is she try I don't know if you're gonna
be able to do this but she sticks her
finger into meat and if her finger goes
right through it then that means that
the meat is ready so what you can stick
is if you can't do the finger thing then
you know stick a fork in there if it
falls apart then it's ready it's ready
to go for the next step since I've eres
para para charlie popeck Thomas agua
but I guess acetic assemble Academy but
I can only Tanya - eeeh so what she did
was she boiled some water on the side so
the process won't stop so it continues
to boil see if you add cold water it's
not going to continue boiling but
because she boiled that other pot the
cooking continues without stopping Boop
Nessa
see the meat this fall sport cymbalta
diagram most butter for solely steadily
young materiality Ramos lag one angle a
trauma sitting there so she drains the
water of out of this big can of hominy
and then she adds more water to just
kind of rinse them out he lost his part
of India or the muscular goddess or
forgotten on March I can become a yahoo
gamma so I return something yes I were
to the
yeah so long since I've a key all right
so you just throw it in there the whole
can a very most health revolt a
pictorial and puffy puffy so she opened
up a second can of the hominy and she's
adding I don't know maybe about half of
the other can but it's up to you how
much you want to add in there so just
kind of eyeball it you want to put a lot
of it in there there and go for it the
house Paquita family died last game so
whatever was left over she is going to
blend it Monica's alia but I cannot have
enough food I went and ate them all
right so this is just thicken the
peridot or the soup so as you can tell
this is about two cups and she's gonna
blend it and it's so that the soup gets
sick and it's not very watery and she
filled it up with water to cover a
little more than what is there
so things came on that Vienna Vienna 100
good - Sonia you all know and the
sacramental expose it sound something I
can massage a little gift and round and
came back from a far away yeah great so
there you go she poured the whole thing
where they said Chile bottom for so long
yes for them
Wow there you have it guys I think the
time-consuming part about making pasola
is just waiting for the meat to get to
be ready but other than that wow I
didn't know it was this easy and once
again my mouth is watering
yeah collect him and kill and I'll get I
need to see Togo said I have it on my
skin C vitamin Altos I pack a career en
el chavo yeah Kiki ninjalah Jana and I
can do the horse all day yeah it's a bit
okay so after you add all the
ingredients you let it boil about 15
minutes all together so that the taste
settles and that's it there you have it
it took about I would say two hours and
a half to cook the pasola so it takes
some time and I think the majority of
the time whisking is in boiling and
getting a rib meat ready
there you have it guys well so they're
really simple this is probably one of my
favorite dishes of all time
and my dad makes a really good
assaulting and so here we have it
garnished nice and beautifully we put
radishes cabbage sprinkled lemon sums up
a few and of course you have to have
yeah oops sorry key you have to have
post on us to eat it of course you can
use our Thea's or whatever you want okay
so here we go she loves it just any
Homer that know a man with such a mucho
Iman legend one okay so here we go guys
let's see this is it
so it tastes so good guys guys gotta try
it
I bet I will
gracias a todos for Vera is possibly
buggy for them someone proquest American
muscle cell that's right guys ask yes
muchos Gracias thank you guys so much
for watching and we'll see you next time
on it with us kitchen don't forget to
follow us on Instagram about this
kitchen Twitter what is kitchen 1 and of
course follow and subscribe to our
YouTube and share with all your friends
guys and we'll see you guys next time
goodbye
ok finish up again