hello everybody today I'm going to show
you how to make dr. pepper barbecue
sauce super easy super simple super
tasty let's get started we're going to
dice up one half of an onion we're in a
rough chop ten cloves of garlic turn the
heat on and we're going to melt three
tablespoons of butter you'll then add
our onions and garlic in caramelizing
we're going to add one can of tomato
paste 1 tablespoon of smoked paprika one
tablespoon of chili powder and one
tablespoon of garlic powder
now we're including add tomato paste
around until starts to caramelize itself
now we're going to add four tablespoons
of Worcestershire sauce now 1/2 cup of
brown sugar
earng add four tablespoons apple cider
vinegar now we have a dark red color
we're going to add two 12 ounce cans of
Dr Pepper we're going to slowly simmer
this sauce until it becomes a nice
syrupy substance
once becomes nappy or coats the back
with spoon we're going to add in one cup
of ketchup
after that cooks for about 10 minutes
we're going to strain out all the garlic
and onion we're not going to blend it
because the onion and garlic would give
it way too much flavor and we'll lose a
lot of the dr. pepper flavor right dr.
pepper lowers just remember dr. pepper
most 23 flavors that we're trying to
match here in a barbecue sauce so it
will get lost a little bit but just
remember it's going to be that
solidifying flavor that breaks
everything together and it makes an
amazing sauce so hope y'all enjoy
you