hey guys what's up it's your broad
living today we here and welcome back
the gif I that you guys are about to see
was inspired by a church that is in our
neighborhood it has this sign out front
that they change the quotes out like
once every month and they're super
inspirational and Paul I love seeing
what they're changing it to when I
started this channel I made a list of
DIYs and one of them was to create that
but a smaller version I actually never
looked these up on Pinterest before
until recently right before I was about
to shoot this video to get different
ideas of how other people have done it
and I haven't seen anybody do it an easy
and recyclable way if that makes sense
I'll explain after the video if you guys
are not a subscriber yet please hit that
subscribe button it takes two seconds
and you guys to get all my updates
instantly okay guys let's get started
you're going to need a shadow box and
some foggy scrapbook paper which both
you can get at your local craft store
you're also going to need these LED
strip lights that you can cut and have a
sticky back I linked them below
grab some cheap protectors and your
choice of letter stickers now if your
sheet protectors take one out and you're
going to cut it completely around the
edges so it will split into two
stick your stickers directly onto those
sheets and then individually cut them
out into squares I really recommend this
shadow box from Michael's because you
can take it apart and there's a bunch of
different layers that will come in handy
when you're doing this DIY go ahead and
pop everything out until you get to the
glass trace your glass on the piece of
foggy scrapbook paper cut that out and
then set that aside you're also going to
repeat this to the backing of the shadow
box which is a place that you would put
pushpins if you were to use it as a
regular shadow box I used a piece of
white paper to kind of make it a little
bit brighter when you put the lights
within it place the glass back in your
shadow box and place the foggy paper on
top of that and then set that aside
because we're going to move on to the
LED lights I ordered these guys off of
Amazon and they are so convenient for
DIYs because they have the sticky back
and you can cut them which I was so
nervous to do but I did it and then it
ended up working so I was super hyped so
there's a frame within the frame of the
shadow box that makes it the actual
shadow box you're going to take that out
peel off the sticky back to those lights
and you're just going to outline the
outer edge of the frame don't put it
towards the middle if you put it towards
the middle or towards the front of the
glass you're going to see each
individual light which I didn't like I
liked a more blended look if you will
these lights that I linked below change
colors and tempos they have different
modes they're actually really rad I'm in
love with them you're going to put that
frame back in and you see how the lights
are the closest to the backing of the
shadow box that's what you want you
can't see it here but I put the piece of
white paper on top with a pushpin board
and then put that into the shadow box
itself and then closed it all up but
kept that little trigger out it didn't
hurt anything or affect anything it was
perfect
and voila there are a ton of options
that you can do with this box the first
one is you can take the little letters
that we made and you can stick a quote
on there and either tape them to stay on
there or glue them whatever you want and
then it can be a permanent quote another
option is that you can take construction
paper and measure out a little shelf if
you will for the frame cut out as many
shelves quote unquote shelves as you
need line them up on the box wherever
you'd like them and then you just simply
hot glue them directly onto the glass
one awesome thing about this DIY is that
you get sick of this little box and you
don't need it anymore or you want to use
it for an actual shadow box you can just
rip those off and it won't affect the
glass and you can take all the paper out
take the LED lights off and you have a
shadow box to do whatever you want with
I like having the option to change out
the quote because this is going to sit
next to my computer and I can just
change it out and get myself daily
reminders like being here in the now
I hope you guys like my take on a
light-up
box sign whatever you want to call it I
call it a quilt box that is easiest for
me awesome thing about this DIY like I
said in the video if you guys want it to
take it apart and use it as an actual
shadow box you could the hot glue
doesn't stick to the glass you can
easily peel it off and since you didn't
spray paint anything are like Krazy Glue
anything you can legitimately take it
apart in its entirety and then you have
a shadow ball another thing that I love
about this DIY is that when I post it on
my Instagram a little sneak peek that
some people commented that they wanted
to draw on it they wanted a permanent
quote and you guys are more than welcome
to do that I I can't draw I wish I could
I wish I could be super fancy and make
like a light-up art box but I can't so
if you guys are super talented and you
can sketch something on there in a
permanent marker or even whiteboard
marker you guys could write reminders on
it you guys could write quotes directly
onto the glass it's totally your call I
wanted to recreate the signage that was
in our neighborhood the reason I added
those little paper shelves and I wanted
to be able to change them out was
because I really enjoy watching the guy
change out the clothes I really like
that he's putting it on there and he can
change it whenever he wants to I love
being able to have that freedom if I see
a quote somewhere that I can just take
those letters out of the box and put the
new ones in and have a new quote for
inspiration right next to my desk don't
forget to give this video a thumbs up if
you liked it comment below some
inspirational quotes that you want to
put on your light-up box don't forget to
hit that subscribe button that you
haven't subscribed already alright guys
that is it for me today I will see you
next Wednesday
mmm