[Music]
I'm going to show you how to fix loud
squealing brakes on a bike one cause of
squealing brakes is dirt and oil
accumulating on the rim of the wheel so
what you can do is you can take some
rubbing alcohol or isopropyl alcohol
this is 91% you can pick this up at your
local drugstore or the pharmacy section
in a lot of the grocery stores just take
a little bit of the alcohol put it onto
a rag and just wipe down the rim surface
where the brake the brake pad hits just
go all the way around and just scrub it
and try to get all the old dirt and oil
off the rim
do both sides see all that came off of
the rim right there okay the next thing
you might want to try is go ahead and
clean the surface of the brake pads
usually the easiest done
by removing the wheel with the wheel
removed again just take a little bit of
alcohol put on the rag and just scrub
down the surface of the brake pads where
they hit the rim and clean all the oil
and dirt off of the brake pads okay now
for a quick test ride we test the brakes
and see if we fix a problem and know
they're still squealing on the next step
with the wheel removed I have some
pretty rough sandpaper here I think 660
grit I'm gonna go ahead and just rough
up the surface of the brake pads where
they contact the rim because sometimes
they'll get like glazed on they're just
too smooth and so we want to make them
rough again so we go ahead and rough up
the entire surface of the brake pad
there shouldn't be any shiny parts left
on there
okay and then we'll try it again
okay another test ride will test break
see how they work and still no
improvement on the next step okay the
next step is to adjust the brake pads so
there's slightly toe in so the front
this is the front towards the front of
the bike here the the wheel turns this
way what we want to do is we want to go
ahead and adjust the brake pads at the
front edge is slightly in what we're
going to do is we're to take a penny and
we're going to stick it between the
brake pad and the rim on the backside
here we're going to go ahead and loosen
the brake pad just loosen a little bit
and then we're just gonna head and
adjust it you squeeze the brake pad
against the rim and tighten it down and
with the penny working as a shim that'll
hold the back edge out so that this edge
is going to hit the rim first do the
other side of the exact same way take
the penny just Ram it between the the
brake pad and the rim on the back side
loosen the brake pad a little bit
squeeze the brakes and then tighten it
down okay let's go for another test ride
see how these work now and they're still
squealing great okay on the next step
okay they're still squealing at this
point go ahead and install brand new
brake pads I got some brand new ones
right here
and I'm gonna go ahead and install these
okay now that I have new brake pads
since roughly installed I'm gonna go
ahead and adjust them I got the penny
here so I'll use that as a shim in the
back of the of the brake pad here
between the brake pad and the rim
squeeze the brake a little bit and with
the brake pad all adjusted in line with
the rim I'll go ahead and tighten it
down so it's toe in here and up a little
bit let's just dump it a little bit and
tighten it down
do the other side okay let's do this
other brake pad here I'll stick a penny
in between the rim and the backpack the
peg pad here hold that there
squeeze the brake lever get the big pad
adjusted aligned where I wanted to be
and then tighten these down okay go for
another test ride here let's test the
brakes oh nice and quiet now and that is
how you fix squealing brakes