okay welcome jack of all trades we're
gonna show you a quick trick everybody
barbecues you can take this out in the
campsite with you if you got a pit or
you can have a barbecue whatever these
are the standard briquettes we're gonna
show you how to like these letting
starter fluid cubes just simple paper
and these neat little things you get
these at Walmart they're started full
starters they got a spot the bottom
where you gonna put your paper pulls in
here it takes like 20 minutes and then
they become red-hot
see how easy just to do here stick some
paper break it up into strips jam it
underneath okay so now we have our paper
underneath stuffed underneath this right
here there good ol fire paper good for
something now we're gonna use oh you get
matches there later we do propane you
this okay well before you do that just
hold that there grab our briquettes
these things here
you'll be wearing your gloves we're
doing on we have six people
okay briquettes gonna be torture you lit
take it
it's gonna light those holes in the
bottom of this containers
there you go
huh I'll burn so okay you got conniving
okay so now we're gonna do is that's
gonna smoke you're gonna leave this set
for 20 minutes and we're gonna continue
filming just gonna slowly burn the heat
up and the clothes are go a little bit
of light up and they're going to come
hot red red hot so this is a little
trick do it on system and if you're at
home we it's raining out right now so we
gotta I can't get over this but this is
gonna smoke 20 minutes later we'll show
you the result okay so here's a it's
after 10 minutes the flames are coming
up now you got smoke on now I'm catching
my gosh lot of smoke zoom in here so
that's what happens it starts to close
at the bottom and then it nights the
rest of them and once those turn red
high we're ready to barbecue okay so
this is after about 25 minutes okay they
just pour those grab those and I'm just
gonna pour them in I bought um play
there's a gas barbecue but I don't have
a hooked up so we use that with the
coals in there and then you can cook
probably about thirty thirty burgers
with that many coals so just thought I'd
show this when you guys like the
barbecue or take pic BBQ on the road
there at the beach take one these little
coal started at the end about your coals
and you can have yourself hot hot coals
and it's really hot but okay it's
raining you got a little canopy and
that's the end result
I just emptied those into here
look at that we've never seen such great
coals it's such a great product idea
you'll end up with really hot coals so
thanks for watching jack-of-all-trades
please be the comment subscribe that
sound good day