lavender oil vanilla and lemon juice
spray you will need 10 to 12 drops of
lavender oil 3 to 4 tablespoons of
vanilla extract 3 to 4 tablespoons of
lemon juice 1 to 2 cups of water what
you have to do mix the lavender oil with
vanilla extract and lemon juice add this
mixture to 2 cups of water shake this
solution well and spray it on your
exposed body parts how often you should
do this you can do this 2 to 3 times
daily if you live in a mosquito prone
area why this works while the smell of
lavender essential oil has a calming
effect on us it is quite repelling to
mosquitoes
lavender oil contains compounds like
limo Nene Lina little eucalyptol and
camphor all of which are known to
naturally repel mosquitoes and insects
vanilla has natural insect repelling
properties and lemon juice has high acid
content that helps in keeping mosquitoes
at bay subscribe us to know more health
tips and home remedies