I
hey guys what's up this is Jesse and
you're watching tween you guess what
guys today we are doing tween realities
first-ever DIY and it's something that
you could wear and it looks really
professional and you don't have to have
a sewing machine all you need is fabric
glue fabric wrapping paper you need a
lot of stuff but anyway that's not
important it turns out really cute and I
hope you like your own DIY circle skirt
leggo you are going to need two yards of
fabric elastic measuring tape fabric
markers or a sharpie unused scissors
pins a needle and thread the color of
your fabric or elastic now what you're
going to do is measure around where you
want the elastic to sit so if you want
it to sit around your button go ahead I
don't care I have 25 inches that's my
waist for the actual circle skirt part I
found this really cool website I'll link
it in the description I recommend doing
full for this the midi maxi mini skirt
doesn't really matter right now
and you will need your waistband so
that's why we measured our waist voila
you push it do the math is please
and you only have to pay attention to
the first measurement you get in I got
three and three-quarters inches time to
make your pattern so what you need to do
is cut out a medium sized piece because
it's only going to be a midi skirt and
what you're going to do is take that
measurement that the app gave you and
mark it as I am doing in the circle
formation
ha da ah dang it now it's time to
measure from where you want the
waistband sit and where you want the
skirt to end
mine is 15 inches what you're going to
do is mark the first 15 mark like you
did the first time but then you're going
to scoot your measuring tape up to the
court the same corner that you use for
the first time and that will give you a
more accurate representation so you can
have a better looking circle skirt so
you don't want a square skirt you want a
circle screw but you do the same thing
except this just bigger just so you know
wrapping paper is difficult to work with
now it's time to connect the dots as you
can see I'm cutting the cutting where I
connected the Ducks connecting the dots
makes it easier to see and it also helps
to have a bigger workspace I and to move
around a lot you cut out both little
connect-the-dots edges now yeah
March man just kidding you have a
pattern now it's time to pin it to your
fabric so you're going to want to fold
your fabric into four so pull it in half
and then pull it in half again and
you're going to find the corner where it
is folded over and there is no raw edges
and pin it like I did
cut basically like you did for the first
time and I just did a pizza thing make
sure to pin along the edges so that you
get a more accurate cutting so make sure
it all line up your pattern perfectly
taking out the pins is the best part
then you get a reveal your lovely design
just make sure you folded it over four
times and you will get something like
that and as you can see it's just a
little big so what we're going to do is
cut down wherever I want just an edge
trying to make it as straight as
possible for this part you're going to
want to take off any external clothes
and you just make sure everything you're
wearing is tight-fitting cool like an
intercom and you're going to wrap the
elastic band around to as tight as you
want it I decided I want my elastic to
be supa dupa type
so mark where it is and put your little
mark and now it's time to pin I made a
mistake here and I decided to pleat
instead of gather pleating is different
from gathering leading is for when you
don't have elastic band and yep so I
decided to sew on my pleats which was a
dumb idea cuz then my elastic band
wouldn't stretched anyone fit over my
butt are you gonna curl up your funny
now it is time to make the end of the
skirt look pretty I'm using this
wonderfully amazing glue fabric glue
called liquid thread I required us to
have it like iron it down but we didn't
have an iron so you're like flat iron
and did you notice in the beginning
Clips that I had a little bunny on the
side of my skirt yeah
thanks for watching guys click that
subscribe button if you liked this video
and obviously if you like this video
click like doll