[Music]
hey guys welcome to another recipe I
realized I realize the moly here today
we're going to be doing a macaroni salad
and for this recipe we have some elbow
noodles and you can use any noodles of
your choice we have some sugar vinegar
bell peppers carrot celery mustard and
mayonnaise so let's get started with
this macaroni salad guys okay so first
of all we're going to start by cutting
our pepper
so we were using the three colors bell
peppers here and this gives a nice color
to your salad some crunchiness Israel
so this is a simple recipe guys and gold
very nice with your chicken your
barbecue and dishes like those as a side
[Applause]
so our water is hot have you gonna add
our noodles too boy there now so you're
not adding anything to this noodles
you're just boiling the noodles by
itself so you're just going to boil this
noodle
as usual all dente usual style for this
salad
[Music]
alright guys our noodles is done so
you're gonna strain this now I'll let it
drain off and then continue so right
after you for this enough spray know you
sort of runs in the whole water over it
so that you pick from getting any self
to inform that of it
so macaroni has cooled off a bit and you
don't want to let this cool too much you
want it to be a little bit warm that's
the key to having a good picture with
your salad it notes the mayonnaise and
stuff to bond the Deleuze which is what
you want when that cools off it sticks
on there so you get a better tasting
salad
[Applause]
somebody has added the meal and you can
use a regular meal for this or you can
use a low-fat meal which is what we are
using here it still is right
and that's the mustard vinegar and sugar
we're gonna add our chopped peppers and
the celery
carrots and that's so colorful
see that looking nice already so take it
from you guys this is very delicious
Molly makes this quite often and this is
the first thing I go after
[Applause]
and there you go that's it that's not
macaroni salad today for give this a try
guys let us know how it comes out I
assure you you'll love this so this is a
nice sight for your barbecue chicken
your big chicken and all those dishes
that you have you can put it in a fridge
take it to the park the next day all
kind of things like that okay guys so
that's it for our macaroni salad if you
like this video guys please remember to
give it a thumbs up maybe have a
subscribe ready please do share this
video so that's always thanks for
watching take care bye