[Music]
hey guys welcome back to my channel I
know that I always say I'm going to keep
my intros brief and then they end up
being like 5 minutes long but today I
mean business because these contact
lenses have overstay their welcome as
well as these fangs oh God I'm actually
going to take them off right now as you
can see I am back today serving Medusa
realness I'll give you another look at
my little Crown here this took me about
2 to 3 days to construct I've wanted to
do a Medusa look on YouTube for about 2
years now when I was in makeup school I
forget what module we were in I did a
Medusa inspired look and I actually used
these exact snakes and I remember having
a bunch leftover so I went to my mom's
and I dug through a bunch of my old
and I was able to find a bag of these
rubber snakes left over ended up going
to the same dollar store that I went to
like 6 years ago when I was in makeup
school and I found more of them and then
I bought some other types of snakes and
I just kind of put this together and
you'll see that in the video I filmed
the entire process to the best of my
ability because it was super difficult
but I'm really really happy with how
this turned out I just wish contact
lenses were more comfortable to wear
I've been sitting here for about 5 hours
filming and I think it would have taken
half the time had I not been wearing
these little bastards in my eyes taking
them out by the way is absolutely
terrifying for me all you contact lens
wearers out there you're the real MVPs
this time around I wasn't inspired by
one specific painting or photograph I
was actually inspired by Medusa tattoos
in general I Googled Medusa tattoos and
found like 50 of them so I just sort of
combined little bits and pieces from all
of them and came up with with this
situation so I really hope you guys
enjoy this video I put a lot of work
into it and I really hope that this
footage turned out and that I end up
doing a really Kick-Ass job editing I'm
going to go stand in the shower for
about 40 minutes and forget who I am and
then I'm going to watch American Horror
Story Hotel episode 3 if you guys
enjoyed this video please share it with
your friends and give it a thumbs up
this is the closest I'm ever going to
get to a real snake thank you guys very
much for watching thank you for
subscribing
and we will see you in our next video
bye okay so for this look I started by
mapping out my right eye off camera
because I didn't really know what I
wanted to do so I'm just going to start
by filling in my brows with a dark gray
shade on my left side I figured dark
eyebrows would be a little bit more
villainous I'm priming my eyelids and
then I'm taking a bit of my NYX jumbo
eye pencil in milk and I'm heavily
applying it to my brow bone and the
inner portion of my eyelid
[Music]
I'm then setting those areas with a
white eyeshadow from my BH cosmetic 120
color palette I believe this is the
second edition this palette is
absolutely perfect for Halloween looks
I'm now using this black eye crayon and
I'm applying it to my lash line in sort
of like a thick winged shape and then
I'm going to blow that out with a flat
synthetic brush and this is going to act
as a base by the way all the that I'm
using will be listed in the description
box below I'm then tearing off a little
edge of paper towel and I'm using it as
a guide so that the outer edge of my eye
is really sharp and I'm just going to
pack on that black eyeshadow over the
area where I've placed the Black Pencil
I'm going for a super strong badass
winged eyeshadow look if you know what
I'm saying so I'm focusing this shade on
the outer edge of my
[Music]
eye I'm then taking a smaller blending
brush and I'm going to extend that
eyeshadow from the crease all the way to
where my nose bone is but I'm making
sure not to disrupt the eyeshadow just
below that area in the inner corner of
my eye because I want to have that snake
like effect as always if I'm not making
total sense with my words watching this
should be pretty self-explanatory and
then I'm going to take some more of that
white and I'm going to touch up the
inner portion of my eye so that it
didn't get lost and I'm also going to
touch up that black on the start of my
eye so it's nice and sharp I'm not going
to shy away from pulling this black
eyeshadow all the way up to the
beginning of my brow you want to do that
you just want to darken that whole area
and sort of connect the eyes Shadow to
the beginning of the
[Music]
brow I'm running that jumbo eye pencil
in my waterline and I'm going to blend
it into my tear duct and then I'm
hopping over to lashes so today I'm
stacking two Styles starting with the
socialized eyelashes in Vamp these are
great because they're super dramatic on
the edges and then I'm going to layer
red cherry 43s over top I would highly
suggest stacking them beforehand like
before you apply them to your actual
eyelashes it'll make your life so much
easier but I felt like living life in
the fast lane and making it twice as
hard for myself YOLO moving on to my
face I'm first starting by priming it
with the tarte Clean Slate smoothing
primer I believe this is I'm doing this
because I want it to fill my pores so
that all the mess that I'm about to
apply to my face doesn't seep into my
pores instead I'm taking this old cover
effects Foundation I'm using this
because it's the lightest shade I own
and I'm mixing it with a little bit of
green blue and black from my makeup
forever flash palette this is going to
give me a really sickly green shade I
was trying to achieve that uh vomit Chic
look if you know what I'm saying I did
one layer of the foundation then I set
it then I did another layer and then I
set it again and I did this to my face
my neck and my collar bone you could
totally go all out and do the arms as
well as the rest of your chest which I
would highly recommend but had a really
long day and I could barely see and
I didn't want to take too long rinsing
off in the shower which by the way ended
up happening anyway and you'll find out
why shortly just another day in my
life I went back in and I touched up
that white and I sort of extended it
just below my bottom lash line to make
my eyes appear larger
and then I added uh a bit of black eyes
Shadow just below it and I blew it out
for a more Smokey look because you know
medu as a glamorous
too now I'm just kind of starting to
highlight and Contour my face rather
than using your normal contour and
highlight Shades I'm using Shades of
Black dark green and light green using
black and dark green as contour and
light green as highlight I was initially
going to draw scales on my face and go
all out with texture
and that type of thing but I was blind
as a bat with these contact lenses so I
didn't want to put myself through that I
would have put my contacts in after
doing my makeup but I'm 99.9% certain
that I would have up my entire
makeup look doing that I just can't have
things in and around my eyes I'm one of
those people
[Music]
I also decided to add some contouring to
my lips and create little snake like
slits on the sides of my mouth and I'm
also shading the very center of my lip I
feel like that adds a nice touch and
then what I did is I took the gold from
my flash palette and I applied it just
to my Cupid's bow
[Music]
then I just started randomly shading in
my neck and my collar bone with Shades
of Black and dark green and light green
and forest green every Green in this
palette was applied to that area I
didn't do this in any specific pattern
and then I took this mesh material that
I had I pressed it against the dark
areas where I've contoured my face my
neck and my collar bone and I filled it
in with black and green and then I
filled it in with gold and this sort of
gave the appearance a very very subtle
scales if you take the time you could
actually make this look unreal
especially if you have the proper
stencils you probably Google some pretty
sweet stencils online and then just cut
them out with an X-Acto Knife or
something but I kept it super minimal
this part I was so stoked about and it
ended up being a to remove from my
skin so I went to the Dollar Store I
found a bunch of temporary tattoos that
I thought would look wicked as chest
pieces all you do is pull the plastic
off them apply them to the skin dab them
with water and then peel them off I
think they look so good while they look
amazing and I was so happy with how they
turned out I don't know how much I trust
Dollar Store things that adhere to the
skin because they're probably just
packed with chemicals so I wouldn't
advise keeping these on for too long
because they were so fresh on my skin
removal was a nightmare and by the time
I was done showering my chest was raw
and pulsing so just keep that in mind
then I went off camera to curl my hair
and inserted some fangs that I got from
the special effect store and then I top
my lips with a little bit of this gold
leis watier lip gloss that I've had for
about 100 years oh and I also found this
dope ass gold snake arm wrap at the
dollar store as well the dollar store is
just killing it in the costume
Department you can find so many cool
little props all right guys y'all know
what time it is time to get Martha
Stewart up in this let's make a
headpiece shall we so I found three
types of snakes one is super long and
rubbery the next one is harder Rubber
and it is not flexible at all and the
last ones are these little harder rubber
snakes and again they're not flexible at
all which is exactly what you need it is
very important that you find snakes that
are solid Rubber and not flexible at all
because they will be what holds your
headpiece together if that makes any
sense so the snakes were black and they
were not to my liking I wanted them to
have some Dimension and color so I laid
them out on some paper mixed a few
acrylic paints together to get the
desired green shade that I wanted and I
very lightly painted them I wanted to
leave some of their natural black shade
visible so I was very careful when I was
painting them so that the scales on them
sort of stood out you don't want to
saturate the snake and paint because
then you'll lose that scale-like texture
I then took some gold spray paint and I
sprayed them in sections and again
making sure that some of that green and
black is still peeking through I did
this with all of my snakes and I laid
them out on my patio overnight I'd say I
used about 12 Long rubber snakes three
three hard rubber snakes and a bag of
the little snakes so the next day once
they were done drying I started building
I got this foam head from Michaels and I
got a clear headband with loops on it
from the dollar store and I began glue
gunning the little snakes into place
along the front this kind of helped me
to map out exactly what the hell I
wanted to do because I won't lie I had
no clue how I wanted this to look I just
knew I wanted it to look bomb so the
little snakes really helped to start the
look off all I used to adhere and keep
the snakes in place was a glue gun and
floral wire and I'm pretty sure you can
find this at Michaels Walmart pretty
much any store should have it if the
glue wasn't doing the job I would go in
with my floral wire and some pliers and
put those snakes in their place the wire
is a great way to secure the snakes
because you don't want them coming apart
while you're out living your life on
Halloween oh and be careful with that
floral wire because it can go from 0 to
100 on your ass real quick stab myself
like four or five times
medic I've been
impaled I discovered that the super long
rubbery snakes were just not having the
glue gun whatsoever the glue would dry
on the snake and then it would slide
right off it must be something about
rubber on rubber action I'm not sure but
it didn't work out for me so for the
longer snakes the only way to keep them
in place was to wire them to the
headband or to another snake close by or
to run the wire through the snake which
made them bendy and allowed them to wrap
around something if you plan on making
this headpiece I would give yourself a
day or two or three so if you watch this
video today and you're like oh I
want to do this run to the store look
for snakes ASAP and then start on the
headpiece as soon as possible so it's
nice and ready for you on Halloween and
make sure when you're looking for snakes
that you find different types especially
the ones that are hard and rubber and
not bendy at all so like the really
really big ones that I have in the
center of the headpiece those are going
to be your foundation for it I was
mistaken and I purchased way too many of
the rubbery snakes because I thought I'd
mcgyver the whole situation and I'd be
able to make them bendy and run wire
through them to make them stand up but
that would have honestly taken an entire
day on its own so I'm lucky that I was
able to have those three large loopy
snakes at the front of the headpiece
because they just saved the entire Crown
so I did some research on our girl
Medusa and apparently she was so hideous
that she would turn men into stone it
wasn't do always like that though she
was a dime before she was cursed to look
like a living nightmare I on the other
hand decided to make my makeup look a
little bit more attractive than what
mythologists described for obvious
reasons listen if you want to go balls
to the wall and stick to the script and
make yourself hideous like the myths
claim she was I'm fully supportive of
that decision make sure to tag me on
Instagram because I'd love to see it I
don't know if you can tell this about me
by now but as much I love doing
Halloween makeup I just live for prop
and costume making something about
costume design has always stood out to
me and I've always enjoyed doing it and
I find it very creatively fulfilling
even if I only get to wear the costume
or the prop one time it's nice being
able to sort of document it in a video
and have it forever so once everything
is said and done this is what I ended up
with I then placed it on my head and
then I Bobby pinned a few more rubber
snakes throughout my head just
underneath my headband and I did this by
stabbing the bobby pin through the
rubber snake which was really easy to do
and I very carefully styled my hair
around it and that completes my Medusa
makeup and snake headpiece tutorial I
hope you guys enjoyed this video If you
decide to recreate it please share
photos with me either tweet them at me
or post them on Instagram and #the
Beauty Vault if you like this video
please give it a thumbs up as always
thank you guys very much for watching
thank you for subscribing have a safe
and fun Halloween and I will see you in
my next video bye
[Music]