hi my name is Ali from Mixology events
we specialize in cocktail master classes
for large and small groups and I'm here
today to go through some infused and
flavored
[Music]
vodkas so now I'm going to show you a
couple of ways to infuse watermelon with
bka so what we're going to take is our
watermelon first and a funnel and we're
going to make a vocal watermelon now
what we need to do is just create a
small
hole in our
watermelon and stick our funnel
in then what we can do is add vodka
every day about four
shots
over the course of the day this vka will
slowly seep into the watermelon and we
can do this over 4 days to fill the
watermelon up with vulka because the
watermelon is so good at retaining um
water it will retain the vulka in a
similar way when we cut this open we can
get a nice vodka tasting watermelon so
now I'm going to show you how to infuse
watermelon with vodka what we're looking
to do here is just to use the Flesh of
the watermelon and not the juice to
infuse into the vulka so what I need to
do is take the flesh out juice it to get
rid of all the watermelon juice and just
have the Flesh of the watermelon left
then leave our vodka in that for 4 days
for that flesh to infuse into the Vodka
this way we're not getting any
watermelon juice in our vodka we're only
getting the infused watermelon which is
what we're looking
for
now we leave this for 4 days and then
strain the r the flesh out of the
VCA
and then we have our Waterman and
Infused
vulka