hey guys today I want to show you
um my Easter wreath I'm making now I've
already done a tutorial on how to make
these wreaths which um is in my prior
videos but I'll leave a link to that in
this video description but I wanted to
show you the last video that I made on
how to make The Deco wreath I um just
did one color so I thought I'd show you
I'm doing multiple colors right now and
I thought I'd just show you how I go
about doing that so I have all three of
my colors here
and it is a bit more challenging when
you're doing multiple colors and what I
decided to do was do three rows each
of one color and then move on to my next
and this wreath here is going to be a
bit Fuller than my first one I think I'm
going to end up using nine of the deco
mesh which I got this at these colors at
the dollar store probably a couple of
months ago so I recommend if you guys
are thinking of doing a wreath for a
certain holiday I would get on that
probably about a month and a half to a
month before your holiday so you can get
your colors I'm not sure I haven't been
to the dollar store in a bit so I don't
know if they have these colors on hand
my guess is they probably do not right
now because Easter is right around the
corner so I just wanted to show you guys
I've got the three
um colors down here so what you do is
when you're working with these colors
the color you're working with which I
just ended with blue so I'm going to end
up going back to purple but the two
colors are not working with you kind of
slide them off to the side and you work
with your your color you have to be
careful because this deco mesh likes to
cling to each other so you just got to
be careful when working with it it does
take a little bit longer with the
different colors but I think it's worth
it in the end so once you get to where
you need to move on over to your next
color you take your first color you were
working with I don't know if you can see
it which was purple and I kind of
kind of set my wreath down and I kind of
Swing the purple back around to the back
side here so now this is your first
color and these two you kind of push off
to the side I know it's kind of hard to
see I don't have a lot of space here but
once you do that you swing this around
then you're ready to go with your purple
so
um
this wreath here my last wreath I did it
cost I think it was
seven dollars minus the um it the pipe
cleaners because I already had pipe
cleaners but um this one here will cost
when all said and done probably ten
dollars plus my decorations so but it's
gonna be worth it I mean it's it's
really pretty you can't buy a wreath for
for ten twelve dollars like this so I
just wanted to show you guys like I said
I already did a how-to video but I
wanted to show you guys
what I do when I'm using multiple colors
so
that's all I do is I just kind of then
once I'm done with this purple this one
will be pushed off to the side and then
the pink will be you'll swing you'll
swing your next color if you can see me
take it and you swing it around the back
and you start working again so I hope
that was kind of helpful I I don't know
if it was helpful or not but I hope it
was kind of helpful just a quick little
tip on The Deco uh mesh wreath and once
I'm done I will show you the finished
product here I think I'm going to
decorate it with some Easter eggs and
um again like I said I'll leave the
how-to video in the linked link of
[Music]
foreign
foreign