hey there I'm Elena's eat raw vegan chef
and health coach with my Z tips on how
to make a strawberry mimosa now this is
my first time actually opening a bottle
of champagne so let's do it on TV why
not right
first Z tip for a strawberry masa use
good quality champagne it will bring out
the strawberry flavor and the strawberry
will bring out the champagne flavor
remember how I'm pretty woman they were
drinking strawberries and champagne not
too bad for the first time right so we
have our champagne and then my Z tip for
a perfect strawberry mimosa is a pure
strawberry puree I actually blended the
strawberries in a blender and then I
strain them through a straining bag so
there are no little pits and seeds from
the strawberries I'm going to put about
1/4 cup of this puree directly into our
champagne flute and then I'm going to
pour the champagne now there's a tip for
pouring the champagne without the foam
to make sure that you do it on this
angle now I am a raw vegan chef but you
know what you gotta have a right balance
in your life so you have raw organic
strawberries remember strawberries have
a lot of pesticides when they're not
organic so if you're buying conventional
so gloom and vinegar before decorate
your champagne glass with a strawberry
and here you go cheers to your health