I've used and talked about oxygen bleach
for years and I know the name can be a
little bit scary but I have to tell you
oxygen bleach is quite the
problem-solver when it comes to laundry
and cleaning around the house so in this
video we're going to do a deep dive into
the world of oxygen bleach by the time
we're finished you'll know exactly how
to use it and what it's for and just a
quick reminder if you haven't done so
already to subscribe to the Queen
MySpace channel to give this video a
thumbs up if you're a fan of oxygen
bleach when you hear me say the word
bleach you're probably thinking chlorine
bleach that jug that sits in people's
laundry rooms and perhaps your family or
your grandparents used it when it came
to doing laundry and while bleach is
effective around the home both for
laundry and some cleaning applications
really and truly it's finicky and it's a
little bit difficult to work with if you
use it in the wrong way it can stain
your clothing turning whites yellow or
darker garments can turn kind of orange
especially if you splash them on say a
dark carpet that could be a problem and
getting it on your body or breathing it
in can also be quite dangerous that's
why it has all of those warning labels
on it so for me I'm actually not a fan
of chlorine bleach we don't use it in my
house there are alternatives and in fact
that's why I love oxygen bleach so much
here's why I prefer using oxygen bleach
to chlorine bleach it contains no
phosphorus or nitrogen making it a
perfectly eco-friendly choice
it's much gentler and safer to use on
fabrics it's colorfast and aside from
very delicate ones like wool and silk
you can pretty much use it knowing that
it's not going to harm anything the
other thing I like about it is that it's
colorless and odorless here's just some
of the magic that oxygen bleach can do
in your laundry room it can whiten your
whites it can brighten colors it can
remove stains although it doesn't lift
up grease and grime which is why you
would use it in conjunction or as part
of your laundry routine because of
course you would then need to use a
detergent to remove the
grease and grime but even tough stains
like blood and wine and grass if you
whip up a little solution of oxygen
bleach ahead of time you can use it as a
pretreat ER and oh my gosh does it get
rid of stains you can also find it in a
convenient stain stick once you get
comfortable with using oxygen bleach and
I promise you it's a really easy product
to start using you'll see there are so
many other great uses for it around the
house one of the things we get asked
about a lot is cleaning your cleaning
tools like mop heads toilet bowl brushes
cleaning toothbrushes sponges that kind
of stuff we actually have a whole video
on it but to sum it up what you can do
is you can create a bucket filled with
hot water and some oxygen bleach and you
can soak your tools in there and that
will help sanitize them it's also a
great grout cleaner try saying that one
three times fast if you have a baby at
home which I'm about to have you can use
oxygen bleach to get rid of all kinds of
baby stains from baby items garments
cloth diapers that kind of stuff and on
the topic of diapers if you have a
diaper pail or even a smelly garbage can
or recycling bin you can use oxygen
bleach to help clean that as well if the
b-word overwhelms you a little bit do
yourself a favor and pick up a bottle or
a container of oxygen bleach bring it
home and give it a try all you have to
do is read the package instructions and
start using it for yourself that will
help you gain confidence and using it
around the house and you'll see after
one use and one amazing fix to a problem
you were having you two will be hooked
on oxygen bleach and that brings me to
this week's comment question which is do
you use oxygen bleach or do you use
chlorine bleach and whichever one you
use what do you use it for and why is
that the bleach of choice let me know in
the comments down below here are a
couple of other videos I think you're
going to love and if you want to learn
more about our makers microfiber cloths
you can click this button right over
here there's a button down there that
lets me know you care so click it if you
liked this video and click this button
right here to subscribe and begin your
journey to a cleaner life thanks so much
for watching and we'll see you next time