[Music]
hi I'm Simon from athlete we're gonna
show you today how to butterfly a
chicken breast so we've got a whole
chicken breast the bones been taken out
and it's nice and clean so what we're
gonna do is take off any extra sort of
fatty sinewy bits because they don't
cook down so we're going to turn it over
so we would have been the skin is to
side down we're going to open up the
fill it I'm gonna take a long strokes
with a thin knife to take this and open
it up let's take away these sinewy bits
from the inside I find it easier to turn
it round keep the knife flat and just
long strokes and then open the chicken
breast up so now we've got the chicken
breast all opened up it's nice and flat
you could do several things with it a
couple of things would be if you want
the season the I took it in a griddle
pan a few minutes maybe five or six
minutes and that'll be it cooked through
or you can stuff it and then roll it up
and that's you with the stuffed stuffed
chicken breast
[Music]