the laundry pod is a fast Compact and
environmentally friendly alternative to
Conventional washing methods it's easy
to use and it's perfect for washing
delicates that would normally be damaged
in a conventional
washer after securing the laundry pod on
a stable surface add the clothes you
want to wash then fill the Pod halfway
with between 1 and 1.5 gallons of water
and a small amount of your favorite
detergent close the lid and let the
Garment soak for a few
minutes once your clothes have finished
soaking all you have to do is unlock the
handle and slowly begin spinning for
about a
minute open the door on the side of the
Pod to release the hose that drains the
water turning the small knob located on
the other side of the Pod will open the
valve continue turning the handle to
drain the remaining soapy water with the
soapy water drained the garments are
ready to be
rinsed turn the knob back to the closed
position half fill the Pod with clean
water lock the lid and turn the handle
for a few more minutes as you start to
drain the water make sure to turn the
handle quickly and keep spinning for
maximum extraction and faster
drying once the water is completely
drained hang your garments on a drying
rack or a clothes line till they dry
completely
the laundry pod an environmentally
friendly washing
device