hi this is Ray with Spray wash hood
cleaning bringing you scenes from a
recent kitchen exhaust cleaning as you
can see this kitchen hood is fairly
greasy it was a desperate need of a good
thorough cleaning we always begin every
cleaning with a thorough masking and
draping of the area that needs to be
cleaned this reduces overspray and
ensures the kitchen is left in a clean
condition our unique degreasing foam is
applied and low pressure we don't go in
and try to blast the grease off we
really want the chemical action to eat
the grease away back to bare metal this
degreasing foam is applied to all areas
of the ventilation system including the
rooftop fan and the vet
here you can see the foam actually
working and starting to break apart in a
bowl safai the grease after the grease
is emulsified we follow up with a hot
water low-pressure rinse of the entire
system it's very important to use low
pressure during this process as to not
damage the hood components or the fire
suppression system after a good soaking
we also make sure to wash all the
filters and make them clear and free of
grease every cleaning is followed by a
wipe down of the entire system and
reassemble
we did not include pictures of the fan
cleaning of the system as it was
nighttime and we're not able to pick
photos when you have hood cleaning or
kitchen exhaust cleaning needs call
Spray wash hood cleaning we are the Big
Bend experts in keeping your kitchen
functioning properly