on today's episode of tomatoes gourmet
doe kitchen we are making Gordon runs
off bra and bow hoodie it's quite a
delicate recipe with a creaminess that I
don't know talk about how to meet it yet
[Music]
Walmart I don't know her I am making a
very special recipe on tomatoes gourmet
no kitchen so recently on all my cooking
videos y'all have been commenting that
Gordon Ramsay was found quaking a Gordon
Ramsay a shock Gordon Ramsay left the
chat and it gave me the idea why don't I
make one of Gordon Ramsay's recipes he's
like that [ __ ] okay we're happy in that
[ __ ]
and then I checked YouTube and it turns
out the amazing Rafael Gomez has already
basically done the Gordon Ramsay arrest
of he type of videos so credit to him I
didn't know that you did it but yeah
okay so anyways I went on Danny Ramsay's
website and I was looking through all of
his recipes and I came across something
called bread and Bob fillet in English
that means bread and butter pudding
basically I think it's kind of like a
gourmet European version of bread
pudding but I had Volvo know it's
actually very very complicated very
complex also if Gordon Ramsay somehow
sees this one day Gordon Danny up dead
Ramsay dragged me use me in the damn off
on the floor call me a Swiffer [ __ ] it
would be an honour to be judged by the
daddy himself Gordon and so I have all
my ingredients here I'm gonna be using
grey heavy cream chicken thighs
light brown sugar vanilla extract but
the sake back there's like a cheap
version with the fake version vanilla
flavor okay ah John dark chocolate milk
now this is whole milk because this came
from the whole cat it like not just the
nipple the whole the whole so I think
you see it from the ingredients it's
gonna be like a delicious
ready gourmet dessert I'm really excited
about it so let's start it says heat the
jam in a pan over low heat for a couple
of minutes until melted
okay so we have the apricot jam here
apricot I don't know her I've never
actually had an apricot I don't really
eat apricot things it's like that food
that you just um don't know what kind of
citrusy but also comes fun it's a 2 or 3
tablespoon something okay I think this
to the stone by the way y'all are gonna
be shelf can wait I'm looking the whole
shot-putter you know y'all are gonna be
shook cuz my stovetop it's clean well a
lonely die Daisy night so it's a heat
over a low heat so I guess I'm just
gonna wait until it's like melted like
more of a liquidy consistency right I
don't know whenever my vagina feels like
an arms department store me I think this
is most of the Memphis Ani coordinate
goods ID so it sets to just take this
off the heat and set it aside so that is
what I'm gonna do okay so next step we
have to chop up the bread when I'm
chopping up your like slice it so I had
a little issue okay so the recipe says
six pains of chocolate cut into slices
one centimeter thick I don't know what
six paws and chocolate means I don't
speak French
I'm a trashy American so I assumed it
was a good chuckle apart right and then
start I was like this is a
bread-and-butter desert lies and bread
in the recipe and so I looked up pens
also within it and I find out it is a
very special kind of bread that has
chocolate pieces in it okay it's almost
like a big loaf of crystal now here at
America like I said we are trash so we
don't have those things we don't don't
don't talk long and so I had to
improvise I got kind of like a bread
that looked kind of similar to it in the
Google photos this is called all butter
braided brioche loaf authentic French
recipe it's French and what I'm gonna do
is just cut up some chocolate pieces and
just kind of stick them into the bread
it's still a gourmet recipe this is
special dark chocolate and this is
foreign songs hog let's slice up the
bread so it says to cut it into 1
centimeter thick pieces well it's so
good this like us we kind of rather like
smells like cake he's gonna work so long
let's start slicing every time you look
at me you probably think she's so classy
she wipes her [ __ ] with money okay so
here are our bread slices I think I did
a great job that's like some factory
[ __ ] so now I'm gonna cut up my
chocolate bar I'm gonna try to place it
into the bread but if it can't go and
like if it breaks the bread and all that
stuff I'm just going to kind of like
layer it into the pudding casserole dish
I saw like a tennis player
[Laughter]
[Music]
I'm just gonna set this aside I don't
think that I'll be able to put it into
the bread and the pieces are too big
yeah come on over and so I'm just gonna
kind of layer it as I don't so I'm gonna
set these aside you watch the next step
okay so it's just to butter the bread
slices and put them all into a large
bowl so I have my bowl here Walmart I
don't know her okay so my whole loaf of
bread is butter
so now I get out my baking dish I use my
what a fancy dish that I have this is
what I made my ratatouille and a little
toasty
so now it says I have to butter this pan
normally I would just spray it with
Tamala but this is a Gordon Ramsay
recipe so I'm gonna take my stick of
butter and my whole bleach now Marvel
shines like a raining clear diamond ring
now this is sprinkle two teaspoons of
cinnamon directly onto the pan which is
very weird I've never heard of that it
must be some kind of gourmet method
because I don't know her but Gordon
knows what he's doing so the pan and
then just add two tablespoons of sugar
now y'all this recipe called for demet
Demerara sugar Jim Everett sugar
I didn't know what that was so I googled
it and it's ended it some kind of a
light brown cane sugar self I got me
some light brown cane sugar all the
sugars gonna melt like with the butter
and cinnamon I think that's gonna make a
really delicious like sauce at the
bottom that's gonna be so good perfect
and it says to add golden raisins to the
bottom but I truly don't like raisins I
think that they are the old ladies of
fruit no offense old ladies grapes are a
plump two raisins are a saggy titties
see what I mean so I don't like raisins
I did not get them and I really had to
pee at the store and I couldn't find
them
sounds like screw the ratings we're not
putting it in okay it's closed up time
y'all so now we are supposed to pour
most of our notes hid jam over this so I
guess just okay I guess just like that a
big old mob man so now we have to make
kind of our custard mixture okay so I
have to add a bunch of milk now all the
measurements are in like milliliters and
grams and so I've been trying to Google
convert all these things into cups so I
hope that I'm doing it right oh my god
okay so you're some milk hmm now to add
some heavy cream so I think it's like
that much no I've got it
six eggs which is a lot of eggs so it's
gonna make a lot of liquid oh my god oh
okay there you go
one two three oh four five six okay the
eggs are in not add some cinnamon and my
vanilla flavoring now it did call for
actual vanilla seeds but where am I
gonna find that Goldie and so I'm just
using the fake extract a little bit in
there you go and now we're just gonna
whisk all this up until all the eggs and
everything are completely incorporated
every time you look at me you probably
think she's so cushy
it's time to assemble oh my god I'm so
excited
okay so first things first it says to
pour a little bit of this over the bread
in the bowl directly which I'm kind of
scared of because the bread might fall
apart and I really don't want it to but
I'm gonna follow the directions and see
what happens I know it's in every kind
of bread so hmm okay I don't let that
soak in get in there [ __ ]
I'm thinking I might assemble almost
like a ratatouille I think I look really
pretty so I'm just gonna stick some
piece of chocolate in there as I go
[Music]
target would that be okay so now I'm
supposed to pour the batter over the
rest of the bread so I guess it's just
gonna soak it all in
[Music]
and then it says to finish it off with a
sprinkle of sugar so it's gonna make it
all nice and almost like caramel e on
top oh my goodness
slay me so now we have to fake it I will
see you guys right after it's done okay
y'all really just finished faking were
involved in this and have not even
looked in tight oh my god is it burnt I
can't tell it my boat wreck showing my
god Oh y'all look at that chocolate
dripping out what the hell Oh y'all
think Gordon will be proud Gordon please
Lonnie be proud of me seriously just go
in like a bad dude
oh yeah oh wow oh wow
oh that is one of the best things I've
ever tasted and yes it did not he's
literally sitting on the floor now and
yes I did not use the right breath and
not use the right sugar the right
vanilla I didn't know access to those
things here y'all but I still made it
work and it tastes so good I am Chuck
and I'm still the floor and it's not too
sweet cuz there's not like a lot of
sugar in it mmm if you watch this drag
me but just no I don't mean it tastes
delicious
thank you guys so much watching this
episode of tomatoes gourmet dope kitchen
in my last episode I made eggs benedict
and the one before that I made a rather
chilly so much fun y'all also I am on
cameo so if you want a selfie style
video for yourself or a loved one or a
friend cameo accomplished to me tomato
don't get a subscriber come with tomato
I'll sterilize video I love you so much