here's a quick tip for when you're
making guacamole if you follow my recipe
chances are there won't be anything left
over but if there is and you need to
store it you always worry about it
turning brown now one thing I can tell
you is putting the seed in it absolutely
does not work it's a myth neither just
pouring lemon juice on it if anything
that makes it get brown even faster one
thing that will help you a little bit is
just get a sheet of plastic wrap and
press it down just so it touches the
surface of the guacamole and seals out
all the air and now the air oxygen
cannot get to it to turn it brown it
will not keep forever but it will buy
you a cup of a couple of extra days in
the fridge without it turning brown and
to the if there is a small amount of
browning at the top it'll probably stick
to the plastic wrap when you peel it off
scrape that off and the rest of its
going to be fine another quick easy tip
from the food slinger kitchens