hey everyone and one shadow here today
I'm going to be showing you the proper
way to clean or I'm sorry to season a
cast-iron skillet now everyone has their
own ways and that's cool but for any of
you who saw my videos you see that my
cast-iron pan works very well and that's
because I seasoned it well actually this
thing is seasoned very good I don't need
to do this however I'm actually doing
this
just as a video just to show people how
to do it correctly so first thing I'm
going to do is take a little bit of corn
oil reason why I use corn oil is it has
a good smoke point
however canola and vegetable oil will
work just fine as well and you just want
to take like a paper towel here and
unlike some people I actually have a
two-step process so I don't think it's
just this one process and that it that's
it I'm going to actually show you the
whole process but anyway you want to get
the oil all over even on the candle a
sure thing
get that whole pan with a nice light
layer of the oil next thing we're going
to do is we have the oven preheated here
at 375 degrees you'll want to put it in
upside down even though there's a light
layer I still recommend having drip pans
under there like the way I do it we're
now going to shut the oven we're going
to let it sit like that for half an hour
shut the oven off and then let it sit in
there for about an hour after that and
then we'll move on to the next step okay
everyone so here we are a couple of
hours later we let the cast iron sit in
the oven for about half an hour on 375
degrees
we then shut the heat off and let it
cool down in the of it naturally for
another few hours now it's cool we're
onto the last part
what I like to do is take a damp paper
towel or sponge
white the bottom here briefly and the
reason why is because when you put it on
the y'all burner you just don't want to
take any chances of you know catching
any fire because of the oil
I mean you shouldn't but I like to take
the safety precaution just in case what
I have over here is bacon grease that I
strained and when I strained what I did
was after making the bacon I actually
put it ran it through coffee filters
actually three times in a row just to
make sure you get all those little grits
out there and as you can see we poured
it right in here make sure it gets
around that pan all the way and we're
going to let this sit on here on level
seven we'll come back at a few minutes
when this is sort of a bubble and I'll
let you know the final process of this
okay so here we are about maybe five
seven minutes later and you can see it's
starting to smoke this is a point we
want to shut it down so I'm now going to
shut the burner off we're going to move
it to a cold rack let it sit for a
little bit and then we'll come back and
I'll show you the final process this is
we are actually almost done at this
point and so as you can see we poured
the bacon grease out of the pan it is
now cool and now it's on to the final
step all we're going to do is just wipe
this down take a paper towel give them
the nice little waif
and that is it cover it put it away it's
now seasoned and ready to go I also want
to answer two questions that I know I'll
probably get so that's cool I'll just
answer them now I'm sure first I'm going
to be asked why didn't I just cook the
bacon in here instead of just putting
going through everything I did part of
the reason is is because I'm sure you
know when you cook bacon you're always
going to see those little specs that
culinaire and it's going to kind of
stick to there and since we're trying to
season this we want a the smoothest most
pure oil well bacon grease that we get
and that's why I did that I'm sure the
second question I'm going to get is
since you're normally cooking on all the
medium which on electric stove would be
four to five
why did you cook the bacon grease at
eight which is basically high or
medium-high and the reason is is because
if you cook it at a higher temperature
than what it's normally going to it's
going to expand those pores a little bit
more and really make sure that all the
bacon grease and oil seeps Sears into it
and that way you just don't have to
worry it's just another step anyway I
hope you enjoyed this video of course
you have any questions feel free to ask
also make sure you subscribe I'm looking
to build this channel even bigger at the
point I do about one video a week
and aside from cooking I also cover dog
videos fire on videos and just random
stuff to try to keep everyone interested
anyway I hope you enjoyed this video
thanks for watching and you all have a
great day