hi guys welcome back to China go home
Bongo Holland Ito hi my name is weeow
welcome in this video I assure casino
and put the biggest recipe nan nan eco
into yoginah ain't gonna put a big ass
at peleg on favorite car so someone has
some caps simply land medalie long
dinner table to end at massara alright
so my hump is at io Stockholm and on
Callahan attend seminars Anka Callahan
adenine rice flour baking powder white
sugar coconut milk vanilla optional Ito
add baking or cooking spray sunless
tanning - Anka kindly check on
description box down below Bogota yoga
go on and put to batter Mon Papa Hulu
the moon attire none too big ok um
no he plank I said abandoned go up a
tiny put the batter good mama
technically done in kitchen towel para
humbug am absorbing and I will young
steam all right some about pissin attire
so in a bowl Iligan 18 and rice flour
baking powder add white sugar using a
spatula or ghee togarmah modafinil wire
whisk in a no Fellini and salad then I
added yo young coconut milk I would say
man 1/2 a cup at a time
bounty until on Telegraph si mas madly
Tom Hallion funky non tentacle Johanna
young coconut milk so in the mix turn a
taquito Hong Kong side to imma
thoroughly or my will combined and then
mug stop the bio-cop iguana hyoma hockey
tongue like you rice flour in a powder
powder my stop Navis ended up not into
it over mix then aggregate or neck Idaho
dang Penelope optional dominion pero I
know Armas maganda and I'm like about my
vanilla
alright then set aside long wooden
Athenian did the tire saputo molds it on
bottom all state on a Billy Coe or this
is from the Philippines is laughs okay
but anywhere so Philippines Meredith
O'Neill again - Shannon baking spray
para Hindi mcstick in batter
Sammy's mom put the modes so little half
cap young Kimiko pero
by budino mantle Segura Young's Isis not
put o put them also what
new long I know if you watch it on you
feel younge sobrang towel dito fool the
Patagonian long young young sighs come
back I oh I'm out then liquid or not put
the batter in the Iligan yo ya then so
while gonna go when I think I need a
young put the batter at nag next
starting amongst my boy young steamer
soft boiling that soft boil and appetito
okay I would say 20 to 22 minutes on low
fire low to medium soak up at Danny
tonight to check night and measure my
Mitchell my next stick pasa secure or
sub barbecue steak ninjanomicon Indian
ready so additional a minute or two
Baraka bug Gani tuna gluten again okay
and then another gotta cool off for five
minutes
the by usually is a baking sabi nila cap
and out on toothpick comes out clean red
in a young fellow dito he need money
like super clean Mary malignity Rapinoe
a hynerian so shocking 22 minutes low to
medium heat ready now 29 Keenan okay so
this recipe guys I'm so proud kasi misra
d'Elegance re panhandler taste over home
yo and I hope now my training on recipe
NATO and as always thank you guys for
watching and take care
[Music]