here's what I have today and it is
called the the mercury glass I believe
it's called mercury glass I'm obsessed
with mercury glass I have them around my
home I wish I had more and I've been
looking out for good deals like I said
at Ross and TJ Maxx and home goods and
if I do find good deals I do get them so
here's my little setup for you guys
and these are my some of my silvery
silver metallic mercury glass I don't
know if that's all the terms for it but
I love silver stuff for my home I'm
obsessed with so silver and white
porcelain to add on to my dark wood and
to my Hawaiian decor to counter
counterbalance them my guess as part of
my decor so this is one of my my good
finds TJ Maxx for these two items I love
how I love how they look I display them
in my living room and like I said I wish
I had more this is the one that I'm
trying to go for this dis effect right
here it's like like I'm sorry it's like
a mirrored looking glass so it's a
mercury glass I believe is what it's
called
so then I found it on Pinterest and if
you guys go on Pinterest you just go
into mirrored glass effect or look and
then you'll be able to see all these
DIYs on Pinterest on how to how to get
these these effects right here and so
the one that I'm gonna show you today
it's with the Krylon look looking glass
mirror like paint so I'm gonna I'm gonna
try that out
and this is the one that I truly want to
use it for but this is my only one and I
like I said this is my first time doing
it so I don't want to really use the dye
effect on this one yet I'm gonna do it
on on this one one of my cheap
faces that I got at IKEA this is just
like $2 or a dollar 50 or something like
that I got it really very expensive I
use this for parties that I host for the
kids when their friends are over for
sleepovers or birthday parties I put
candies in there in here candies or
cookies or what have nots I have a whole
bunch of these but I'm like I said this
is the one that I really want to do so
if it turns out good if the effect is
really great then I'm gonna do the same
process with this one and then I'll show
you guys to afterwards once I do it and
all it says is that I would need this
krylon spray and then also make sure to
clean which I already did I cleaned it
and then also it says to get a spray
bottle which I could not find I didn't
find a spray bottle so that you could
spray a little bit of the inside of the
object that you're going to use and this
is recommended for using only glass as
it says right here glass but what I did
was I I had had my water out here so I
just put some water onto my palm and
basically did you know your your own DIY
spray bottle effect and that's how I got
these and then it says to turn them turn
it upside down for a few minutes and my
minute is about coming up about 10-15
minutes and then I'm gonna put this on a
tripod and then I'm gonna go ahead and
start spraying for you guys
mercury glass step 1 wash glass votive
or vase with soap and water which I have
and spray water on inside of the glass
which I have my own version of spray
bottle step 2
while still wet lightly spray inside of
glass with mirror like spray paint
holding onto the outside of the glass
world of paint around the inside until
the entire interior is coated let's go
ahead and do that so I've been shaking
this up don't use a so dry just you're
good Oh wrong wrong in okay make sure
that the red is is out let me wipe my
and I can already smell the silver oh
goodness
he said first time and I'm not a DIY
really person so alright let's go do
this
oh sorry
like and really smells like nail polish
so it said lightly I want to do the
inside and my my inside is so narrow but
it's set to swirl it so until you get
the desired effect
okay now I really want it to be the
mercury on effect so I don't want it to
be too light but it did say to UM to
swirl it and the reason that you're
using the spray bottle the spray bottle
is because you want that bubbly effect
to it which I do have and I picked a
hard one because it's long and then it
narrows down at the bottom and that's
where I would really need it but it said
to UM just whirl it around because I
read that steps a couple times so
I'm concerned about there's this line
right here I don't wanna don't should
not be smelling that it's not that bad
[Music]
and then it says to let it dry and then
if you need another coke then apply
another two to three coats but swirl it
around put it on like a paper plate
let's see I don't know if you guys can
see that but it's no longer glass it's
actually um look at that and it's not
even dry yet so I'm already liking it
Wow big difference and within what two
minutes so let me I'm just making sure
that it's there's no big club but I am
liking it so I'm gonna leave it here to
dry for gosh maybe about 10 minutes very
hot outside so it won't take that long
to dry here's hubby trying it out so I
like the effect so much so here's the
other one drying out that I went ahead
and prepped up the the one that I really
want and I said hubby they were inside
playing Minecraft
okay I know you did
so even though I have it on my dad he
looks worried don't move you're supposed
to be water and center yeah it's it's
okay it's supposed to be blurry I can
smell it's like um no polish huh
yeah dad looks worried stinks
it smells like nail-polish yes mommy
mommy did opposed to be blurry let me
see
perfect
so here is my DIY project all lined up
and just drying now so I just wanted to
give you guys a quick footage of that
how I have it dried up put it on
upside-down paper plates just to have
some air go in there it's pretty hot
outside so it shouldn't take that long
but I am loving it so I love how the
effect was on this one so I went ahead
and had hubby they'll do these to that
lid and the the base and I am loving it
he has some wet spots on the outside but
that's because that's alright I like it
I like the effect it's supposed to have
that do you like it here is my finished
project and I absolutely love it love it
love it so I let the bottom one just
plain glass because I couldn't maybe I
can spray like the bottom inside part
but then this one would still be um look
clear glass so I figured maybe I just
let it be
but anyways overall I think it's a good
effect so here's a close-up and I think
I said it started off like this just
plain glass and now it has like a
mercury glass it back to it and then
here's the other one
I think it turned out really good and
here's the inside dried up so yeah I
recommend this um this DIY I I'm very
thrilled with it it's the Krylon glass
mirror like paint I believe this was
eight dollars and I had gotten this at
Walmart hope you guys enjoyed this DIY
so simple to do to turn ordinary glass
into one of these effects and I hope you
guys enjoyed it
Mahalo