best vanilla vegan ice cream of 2018
who's got it or about to find out
alright guys we made it to our very
first location Whole Foods and we're
about to go search for that vanilla ice
cream my goal is to get at least seven
different types of brands hopefully I'll
find seven if not well we'll have to go
to another supermarket so let's go
inside there it is
Whole Foods it's going fine alright guys
we're in the frozen section and from the
looks of it there's a lot of options to
choose from
alright first one I found is from so
delicious
coconut milk vanilla bean number two is
from coconut bliss and that's also
vanilla flavor number three you got not
a move I haven't tried this one before
it looks pretty good I was trying to
search for Ben and Jerry's but I didn't
find any vanilla flavor that's vegan so
number four is almond dream right here
this one and number five we've got
newborn never try this one out
I've tried out their milk as you guys
saw in the last video but I've never
tried out their ice cream so let's try
it out
our guys only found five here at Whole
Foods and I didn't think this through
I'm gonna have to go home put them in
the freezer so they don't melt so I can
go to another grocery store should have
bought a cooler kind of some ice
oh there's another one oh wait I found
one more number six
oh it's 365 it's the whole food brand
well let's try this one out so we got
six so far I'm still go home and put
these in the freezer and goes to another
supermarket
all right guys made it to my second
location I'm at lessons I left the ice
cream back at home so I wouldn't melt
and yeah see what they got all right
guys here it is the last until once I do
what they got
[Music]
ice cream here on the ice cream here
all right guys I mean it's the ice-cream
section and for the looks of it there's
a few that I'm gonna get that I didn't
get a chance to get at Whole Foods so
let me show you guys real quick which
ones I'm gonna get alright guys so the
first one that I'm gonna get it's rice
cream I got almond dream at Whole Foods
somewhere around here but um you guys
already sold one so I'm gonna try this
one out I guess this one's made out of
rice we'll try it out I found other so
delicious vanilla flavors as well
they're all different
I got the one in the blue supposedly the
blue one does it have any sugar so these
are kind of different this one's made
out of almond milk that was made out of
coconut so they're all different but
they're all made out of the milk
I'm a trying mom anything that says
vanilla I'm gonna try out I didn't get
this one so let's get that one as well
this one's also so delicious try it out
also found a really cool one right here
it says a cone of banana in the flavors
vanilla and I looked in the ingredients
and they use vanilla bean so we're gonna
try this one out as well let's try it
out and last but not least I found this
one right here says mixing kitchen naked
vanilla paleo vegan gelato no I know I
said I was going to try out face cream
and this is gelato is that ice cream
technically it's not ice cream but I
figured I so try it off it's vanilla
which it tastes good let's try it out
alright guys we made it to our third
location air one let's see well banila
ice cream day
all right I will search for that ice
cream
all right guys dimension era once and I
found only one that I haven't purchased
yet and it's right here it's called
organic living wall vanilla ice cream
all right guys so I figured since I've
been to so many locations forgot I go to
one more and see what vanilla ice cream
I can find here see where the vanilla is
all right guys they have multiple
different types of ice creams and
there's the only one that I found that
was vegan and it's soy what's up guys
welcome to another episode of Brian
knees I know you guys are waiting
impatiently and are feeling really
excited as I am right now to try all
this ice cream mount and trust me I want
to get started as soon as possible
because I don't want this to melt on me
we're gonna test these 13 different ice
creams out there all vanilla to make it
as fair as possible some of them are the
same brand but they're differently made
and other brands are yeah it's just a
vanilla flavor so we're gonna be testing
them out on visual on how easy it is to
scoop and on flavor so I say let's get
started all right guys we're back and
unfortunately I had a we had a slight
slight problem the ice cream started to
melt I had to go downstairs put it back
in the freezer and I think it's already
been like an hour here waiting for it to
like freeze up again I ended up trying
these two ice creams and they were
melted so after I opened these tools
like the other ones gotta be melted as
well so yeah that happened so the first
one that I'm gonna try I already tried
it but it was it was melting so it
wasn't good but I assumed that since
it's frozen again isn't it is different
so the first one we're gonna try here is
so delicious it's dairy-free and it's
made with almond milk is it focus Ron
very cool it's the ice cream actually
gonna look like the picture it looks
kind of tan and that's the color I'm
expecting inside so as you can see I
don't know if you guys can see can you
see ice cream looks pretty tan it looks
almost like the picture state let's try
it out the scoop
very soft means it's kind of fatty
that's what it means right Ron yeah I
would assume that I mean that's what
that means so let's give it a try yeah I
don't like it
try to the first time I assumed that I
didn't like it because it was melted but
even frozen it still doesn't taste good
it tastes like medicine alright guys so
right here I've got the 365 the Whole
Foods brand and it's vanilla bean with
almond milk I already tried it
previously but again it had melted so
let's try it out again let's open it up
see if it actually looks like the
picture hmm yeah it kind of does look
like the picture it's white so let's try
this one out this is always pretty fast
you're left with a little bit of a fatty
substance on your tongue
bur overall the flavor is a lot better
than the so delicious one so I would
have to say that this one's in the lead
out of two so far that I've tried
alright guys so next one I'm gonna be
trying out I haven't tried this one out
yet is so delicious dairy-free this
one's with coconut milk the other the
first one I tried out was made out of
almond milk so here take a look if you
guys are interested let's open it up
it's packaged the same way as the orange
one was the very first one has a little
plastic cover so let's peel it off there
you go and the color seems to be pretty
white same color as the one and in the
image looks exactly the same so let's
try this one out very soft as well this
one's gonna be pretty fatty as well I
assume let's see how it dissolves in my
mouth Wow Wow this one's very good
tastes exactly like the vanilla ice
cream that I had when I was a kid wow it
is very good that milk makes the
difference this was made out of coconut
milk down the other one was made of her
out of almond milk so definitely
recommend this one so far
so this one's actually beating the other
one that I just tried from Whole Foods
365 just because the other one tasted a
little bit artificial on the artificial
side that 365 this one doesn't taste so
artificial in my opinion you still get
that fatty substance in your tongue but
it is really good alright let's get to
the next one so next up we got Trader
Joe's soy creamy non-dairy frozen
dessert vanilla made with organic soy
milk and Kings sugar interesting this
one was very cheap compared to the other
ones that I buy and considering the
amount that you get it's very cheap if
you guys are interested at the very very
end I'll let you guys know how much
money I spent on all this ice cream
nobody else does it like me man come on
oof looks like vanilla ice cream as they
should
this one's easy as well to scoop out
so I've been taking so many scoops of
this ice cream just to figure out the
proper words to say about it because I
just can't figure it out if I like it or
not but I've already had a few scoops of
this ice cream and it's coming to the
point where I've realized that it
doesn't really taste like vanilla like
like the so delicious coconut milk that
I just had the next up we got organic
coconut bliss Luna and Larry's never
ever tried this ice cream out before
looks very cool the packaging looks very
cool it says it's soy free it's vegan
non-gmo gluten-free organic coconut
bliss so obviously it's made out of
coconut so let's open it up there's no
picture of what it should look like
inside play look it looks like vanilla I
think all these have to look like
vanilla they don't look like vanilla and
shoot man so something interesting about
this one is that the surface gets frozen
but then under it it's very soft
now the flavor for this one it tastes
more on the coconut side than on the
vanilla side even though it says Vanilla
Island on the top which I'll assume
that's the flavor yeah it says rich
vanilla with a tropical undertone fat
content is 16 grams yeah well yeah
because I assume that it's because of
the coconut and it tastes like a lot
more like coconut then vanilla because
the so delicious one that I liked it
doesn't taste as much as it doesn't
taste that much like coconut it seems
more like vanilla and this one tastes
less sugary I just mean I just made a
mess
this one seems less sugary than the
other one so delicious tastes more
sugary yeah this one has 13 grams while
the other one had a little bit more yeah
something like that so this one is good
but it doesn't taste like vanilla which
is the whole purpose of this whole thing
so on to the next one
sorry it's coconut bliss you do taste
pretty good but I want try to find the
one that is more like vanilla alright
guys so next up we got newborn I'm
really excited to try this out because
I've tried their almond milk and if you
guys saw my previous video on the almond
milk well you guys know that they make
really good almond milk but this seems
to be like a new product this is the
first time I ever see it at the
supermarket or actually notice it so I
say we try it out see what it tastes
like
Packaging seems really good it's wrapped
in plastic let's open it up I don't
smell anything check it out colors
pretty tan looks like vanilla ice cream
just grab a spoon texture is really good
look how look how the spoon goes through
can you see that can they see that one
tastes like almond milk you can taste
the almond milk in this one it tastes
like almond milk well obviously they use
almond milk you know what this tastes
like
it tastes like they're vanilla almond
milk doesn't really taste like like if
it feels like they grab their almond
milk the vanilla almond milk and they
froze it no it's not alright guys next
up we got rice dream organic now I'm
kind of confused because I have another
one of these that says all men dream
organic and what's the name of the
company is it is it rice dream or is it
almond dream I know it looks exactly the
same but I guess they give they have a
clump no I don't know how it works
anyway let's try it out this one
technically isn't vegan because it says
manufactured and wants to say
manufactured in a plant that uses
peanuts milk eggs wheat and tree nuts
but still
you don't use any dairy in this song say
we try it out okay
I kind of sucked my supposed to open
this thing down there opened is this
thing gonna taste like rice I guess
we'll find out Oh mom uh-huh
you bite into it and it's like chewy ice
cream look at it doesn't even like stick
I'm trying to like put in my mouth and
it stays on the spoon or very chewy
no it tastes very chewy taste like I've
never had rubber before but it is
rubbery and it is more like rice than
anything else doesn't taste like vanilla
ice cream all right on to the next one
next up we got one for all my raw vegan
friends it's called organic living raw
vanilla ice cream
check it out guys can see that looks
very good I looked at the ingredients
and the ingredients are pretty good says
raw organic coconut milk raw organic
coconut nectar organic vanilla beans raw
organic nectar organic macadamia nuts
we got organic eco maca powder and raw
cacao butter raw cacao powder all right
let's open it up there's no plastic bra
it's no cover usually I would assume
that it has some kind of protection
because like anybody can go in the store
and open it
the other ones either had this plastic
thing around it or had that plastic
cover on top of it and look it's brown
brown closes I assume cause of the raw
cacao butter so let's try it out see how
it tastes
oh it's like I know you see that it's
not really ice cream this is supposed to
be ice cream it's just all vanilla ice
cream well is what you get when you eat
raw stuff
it's kind of hard can I show you guys
can you see
this is more like like an icy okay let's
try it on you know in Spanish Emily you
will say show Laos I seize race yeah
yeah I seize that's what it's exactly
what it is that's not vanilla ice cream
if you're robbing and you guys can have
this I didn't like it it's not really
ice cream it's more like an icy ought to
the next one alright guys next up we got
almond dream I guess the brand for this
one is almond dream
this one looks exactly like rice dream
again this this is almond so I guess
it's gonna taste different so I'm
opening it up it's brown inside so let's
grab a spoon very soft it's very soft
this one tastes like medicine and it's
very chewy like the rice dream it's like
are you bite into it you feel like
you're chewing gum but then I'm out no
on to the next one I didn't like this
one why even waste time let's go alright
guys next up we got so delicious
dairy-free coconut milk it's not the
same one from last time because what
this one says no sugar added and it says
one gram of sugar per serving
they gotta be using something in this to
avoid all that sugar either gotta be
using sugar alcohol or something I don't
know what they're using or stevia so
let's see what they're using okay look
sugar alcohol 3 grams and the sugars are
one gram and let's see what else they
use to make it so sweet
alright look these monk fruit extract
that's how do you keep it so long
alright let's open it up no sugar added
look well this one full of goo is open
you say somebody opened it let's try it
out
feels kind of creamy like the like the
previous one that I liked and
color is exactly the same as the one in
the photo so let's try it on frozen on
the top soft in the center oh man
at first you're like alright it's gonna
taste like the one that I liked but then
the aftertaste is like tastes like
alcohol
can't get I can get drunk off of this
alright I don't like this one let's go
on to the next one
alright guys next up we got one that's
very interesting I left it kind of like
this one is in last but the next one
will be lies so I left this one towards
the end just because I found it very
cool and it's the gelato one you guys
saw in the video earlier
it's called vixen kitchen naked vanilla
paleo vegan gelato I know this is an ice
cream and I really don't know what the
difference is between gelato and ice
cream so I searched it and for those of
you who are curious it's basically this
it is churned at a much slower rate
incorporating less air and leaving the
gelato denser than ice cream it's
basically all it is so in my eyes is ice
cream man come on
so um yeah I say we try it out the
packaging is really cool right here I
said I want a next year award wasn't no
where would I next year war was until I
googled it and basically there's this
Expo where they have a whole bunch of
natural foods and then what in the ward
I guess for best ice cream or something
or gelato I don't know
yeah it was really expensive when when I
got it most expensive one it has to be
it has 12 grams of fat so let's see man
it's USDA Organic see oh look this one
is covered oh no this thing was opened
heck was it opened
or didn't melt while we had all these
things here in the multi I mean look I
had it kind of like a cut right there
you saw that yeah thing that's fine oh
man if I die if I die here guys it was
nice knowing you
is this the way it comes it should be
like nice and flat on the surface yeah
it should be like nice and flat on the
surface yeah somebody taste this should
I risk it I'm gonna go on the bottom
like I'm just exclude from the bottom
man sorry I made a mess all right I'm
gonna try from the bottom
I was like a smoky flavor to it yeah
that barbecue flavor like smoky flavor I
like it how does it how does that win an
award and it doesn't even taste like
vanilla like you man it tastes like like
barbecue like you said like barbecue
chips yeah you know it's like barbecue
chips no this isn't even tastes like ice
cream was gelato technically but it
doesn't taste like vanilla
it tastes more like on the soaky's smoky
side so I don't recommend you guys and
this thing was expensive to is so
expensive I don't know you guys will
know how much I paid at the end all
right guys I'm really excited to try
this one out I left it last because I
don't know something just tells me that
this is one's gonna be my favorite I've
never ever tried it ever ever in my life
and it's made out of bananas it's called
a Kuna banana I've never seen it either
this is the first ice cream that I see
that's made out of palm and anise and
the flavor says vanilla with a B yeah
see that so I say we open it up let's
open this thing up has bananas coconut
milk dates they swing there with dates
yo man that looks really cool cacao
butter vanilla beans vanilla extract and
then they got other ingredients in there
yeah yes
you put frozen bananas in the blender
and look at that that looks really good
oh man I can't wait to try this one out
all right let's see you the texture okay
see that nice and smooth
I can some other dates I can smell the
days okay I'm really familiar with dates
because I use dates almost every day my
smoothies wow this is so good this is so
good oh my god
I know this whole thing is about if it
tastes like vanilla or not this might
not taste like vanilla it is like
bananas but it's so good so freakin good
man
oh yeah try it out I take this school
look here try it out what you think how
good does that taste yeah it tastes like
what you make at home frozen bananas in
a blender mix it with dates and all
these other ingredients tastes really
good straight to the point does it taste
like vanilla no it doesn't taste like
vanilla so delicious dust is like
vanilla but this one's he's so good if I
had to choose like which one's the
best-tasting one this one tastes the
best but it doesn't taste like vanilla
so delicious dusty like vanilla so
technically this one can't win but
what's not to say that you're not going
to enjoy because it's really good it
doesn't is not it is like bananas and
dates it's literally what it tastes I
would buy it alright guys so we have the
winner
this is the first one I tasted the
second I don't know but it was like one
of the first ones that I tasted and it
with stood all the other ones because it
tasted most like vanilla to me this was
very good man yeah that's the best
tasting one you haven't tasted it yet
tasting try it out tell me what you
think brother's tasting it right now put
it in his mouth what do you think
oh wow it's good right it is like
vanilla ice cream like original vanilla
ice cream that we Segen when we were
kids
that was from made from cows milk that's
the best one vanilla ice cream this is
the one is the best one of 20 18 in my
opinion guys go try it out this is the
one that has sugar in it that's probably
why it tastes good compared to the other
one because other ones just sit like
alcohol the other so delicious that had
no sugar tasted like alcohol this one
doesn't taste like alcohol hope you guys
enjoyed this video let me know in the
comments below if you actually enjoyed
it if you want to see maybe if I try
chocolate or any other video suggestions
that you guys might have I'd be
interested to see what you guys think I
should do next as always I love you guys
thank you for watching and I'll see you
guys on the next one peace out
you