I'm Lauren kitchens online cake
instructor at craftsy.com and I'm going
to show you how to quickly make modeling
chocolate I've melted one pound of white
chocolate chips that I bought at a
grocery store and I also have half a cup
of clear corn syrup and you can also use
glucose if you can get your hands on
that so in my melted white chocolate I
pour
in my corn
syrup and now we start mixing you don't
want to mix fast and you don't want to
mix too much but you want to make sure
that the white chocolate makes contact
with the corn syrup you don't want any
part of white chocolate not touching
corn syrup you want the whole thing to
seize not mixing very fast and it only
took about 20 Strokes of my spatula
folding in scrape the sides of the bowl
scrape the bottom of the bowl make sure
that there's no white chocolate that has
been Untouched by corn syrup
and now we'll turn our chocolate out
onto a piece of Saran
Wrap folding the Saran Wrap over the
modeling chocolate pressing all the air
away and by tomorrow this modeling
chocolate will be ready to knead into a
soft pliable consistency I have some
modeling chocolate that has set
overnight and it's ready to be kneaded
and I want you to notice it's it's
really slick and kind of greasy it's
very hard it's not very pliable I'll
break this up into chunks and knead it
into a workable consistency so it turns
into modeling chocolate it's even
lighter in color I've worked all the
fats in it's really workable it's like a
clay it's like a workable clay made out
of chocolate and the great thing about
modeling chocolate is it can defy
gravity without drying or setting it's
instantly ready it just needs to be cool
if you like this tip and want to learn
how to decorate cakes with modeling
chocolate check out my class cityscape
cakes on craftsy.com
[Music]