[Music]
hi I'm Kimberly with a fat quarter shop
and we're here today with Jill Finley
she's going to tell us today about how
to make buy stems and buys tape
I used by his tape a lot to embellish my
quilt and it's a one of the easiest
things you can do in applique because it
feels up a lot of space you see this big
wide border I've got here and there's
very few pieces of applique just a
couple flowers and a couple leaves but
the vine fills up the space so I've also
used bias tape on this quilt back here
to create this little gate and we've got
a couple other good examples to show you
as we go along but first of all let's
get started and I'll show you how we how
we make it okay so we'll start with
cutting our strips and I've taken a
piece of fabric I've cut this in half at
the fold but from the width of the
fabric you just cut a strip usually your
pattern will tell you how wide just to
show you how to cut bias tape I use a
ruler and it doesn't have to be the
eighth inch you can use as a zigzag
regular six inch ruler so I'm going to
put the 45 degree on the selvage edge
you can either put it on the selvage or
you can put it on the side as long as
they're straight and it's important to
be on the bias so that you've got a bend
so that right under the vine on it so we
just do the first cut that way and then
let's set this aside this is where we're
going to cut our strips and now I'm
going to turn this so that this bias
edge is straight for me and then I will
measure off of this edge however however
wide I need these to be depending on
which bias tape maker I'm using so today
I've got a couple of bias tape makers
here this one is the three-eighths inch
it's a purple one and these are made by
clover and this one's a quarter inch and
it's green there's also a yellow one
that's a half inch and pink a pink one
uh-huh that's three quarters and I don't
know exactly what it says in the
instructions I think it has you cut
double the width of the finished size I
like to add an extra eighth inch okay
and that helps to allow for the folds so
for the three-eighths inch what size
would I be cutting them so 3/8 plus 3/8
is 6h which is again borders 1/8 the 7/8
a husband 7/8 okay now I'm going to just
cut my 7/8 strip and cut a couple of
those I'm going to cut a couple and then
we'll feed them through the bias tape
maker okay so now we're do
take them to our ironing surface let's
bring it over here and we've got our
strips here and when you're handling
your bias strips be gentle with them
because they're very stretchy and we
don't want them to get out of shape so
just gently move them and then we need
some spray starch which we've got right
here this is very important I spray my
strips with starch first because if you
sprayed them after they came out of the
bias tape maker it would just unfold the
folds so we're going to spray them first
I just pressed the edge that I'm going
to feed through so that it's dry oh I'm
going to turn off the steam so I don't
want any steam because I'm trying to dry
the starch just press that edge and then
now this is kind of stiff because the
starch is dry on it and I just feed it
upside down through this bias tape maker
and then turn it over and you can see
that the fabric is there and then you
just advance it through either with your
awl or with a straight pin and this is
important I pin it into my ironing
surface let's move this one out of the
way so i anchor it there and then as I
start pulling it I just stick my iron in
there and you're just pulling with the
iron almost I actually push it with the
iron because if you if you pull ahead of
it a little bit it kind of unfolds a
little bit I like to push it right with
the iron and then I just kind of check
to make sure that that's centered it's
not all up on one side or the other side
so the folds are folding right to the
center and I just leave my iron there
long enough so that the edges are nice
and crisp and don't come unfolded do you
starch again or no because if I were to
starch now then that would unfold so the
starch is important it doesn't say that
in the instructions but that is really
important because then when we go to
shape this piece of bias tape we turn it
over we have all of our raw edges on the
inside and now we can shape it with our
iron and at this point before I didn't
use steam because I was trying to dry
the starch and now I'm going to turn my
steam on because as as I steam this I
can reposition the fibers in the bias
tape so we're going to like shape this
into a little curve and I'll add a
little bit of steam and it's going to
take that shape and then what's awesome
is because it's got the starch in it you
pick it up move it over to your project
and it retains its shape then you take
my Jalili applica and glue it down in
place now the pattern came with
some letter guides and I just make
copies of those letter guides and take
them right to my ironing surface and
write on top of the guide I'm going to
press with some steam and just follow
the guide so I can get the bias tape in
exactly the shade the shape uh-huh
okay and then I need some scissors and
I'll just trim this off so I'm just
going to trim that off about a quarter
inch away from the edge of this pattern
and just so it's in the general shape
because then when once we attach it it
will it'll be perfect so let me see
quarter inch away thank you there we go
at this point I put the guide underneath
so that I can see through and then I've
got my shaped s right here and then I
take a little bit of glue this is Apple
it's a product I developed for basting
your pieces in place before you applique
and I'm just going to put a drop of glue
in the center of this guide about every
half inch to inch and you're doing small
dots just small dots you don't need very
much and it's really sticky it's going
to hold things in place I actually
stitched these by machine so I want them
to be firmly attached so they don't
shift when I've got them under the
machine okay so that's all done and then
to finish the edge I'm going to just
turn this under a quarter inch just put
a drop of glue there turn that back a
quarter inch and I'll have a little bit
of flag that sticks out and if you watch
my applicator now to deal with that flag
if I was spelling strawberries then I
would move and do the T next st there's
an R on another thing and move the a and
put them in the positions you need as
you glue them down this can be used on
borders and lots of ways along cases
names you can do pretty much anything
there's a lot you can do with it what
was great learning how to do the bias
tape and thank you so much I love being
here and I love sure you knew all these
fun techniques and I hope that everybody
learned something good from
make sure you watch all of Jill's
applique videos on our YouTube channel
thanks for watching
[Music]