hey guys so today I'll be showing you
how to make this easy and delicious
vegan banana pancakes let's get started
you will need flour dairy-free milk some
ripe bananas granulated sugar and
finally some baking powder cinnamon and
salt in a medium bowl go ahead and mash
your bananas with a fork mix your dry
ingredients together add in the sugar
and set aside add the milk to the
bananas then mix your dry and wet
ingredients together place your skillet
over medium heat and add in your oil
wiping off any excess add in about 1/4
cup of butter and cook for 2 minutes or
until bubbly
flip and do the same on the other side
serve and enjoy thanks for watching if
you liked this video give it a thumbs up
and subscribe to this channel also check
out my instagram at monster for daily
post bye