okay next I'm going to show you how to
cat a male patient using a Foley
catheter first thing you want to do is
make sure that you have your patient
position correctly with frog leg then
you're going to Don your sterile gloves
after that you spread out your field
make sure you have all your equipment I
like to test my balloon for the Foley
make sure there are no leaks make sure
it plates
and I like to
prep it
that way it's ready then you're going to
drape your patient
and you make sure you use aseptic
technique and have one clean hand and
one dirty hand you're going to grab on
to the penis with your clean hand use
your cotton balls that are soaked in
your scrub solution start at the meatus
and then prep circumferentially around
the glans penis you'll do this three
times
certain catheter
last thing you do is you make sure that
tube is covered with a towel then you
reposition the patient
area and that is how you cat male
patient