[Music]
so I'm going to use an upholstery needle
for what we're doing here just a rounded
kind of like a half circle and that's
because unlike sewing where you're going
in and out of something you're not going
to be able to reach behind so that's as
fancy as our tools are giving today
anyway this piece I don't want to put a
pin there because it's adding to the
bulk I've trimmed this piece down as far
as we're going to take it getting caught
on my bracelet here and I'm just gonna
almost like pinning it I'm going to put
in a couple stitches just to keep it out
of my way so I'm really loosely quickly
going to go around this piece if you
like beautiful stitches look away
because I'm doing the fast and dirty
stitch here
you
nine that off
[Music]
oh this is gonna be covered up so it
doesn't matter what it looks like um
this is a doubled thread in case I
didn't point that I'm gonna switch back
over to a straight needle for a second
and I'm double threaded my needle here
and I'm gonna cut off the end of the
loop I just tied so there are no
stragglers and this is a very visible
part of your sofa so what I want you to
do is not start where we're going to
start we're in a backtrack a little bit
so we don't see that not ever so I'm
putting my needle in there just to kind
of hide the thread so I've got that
hidden there and then I'm gonna push in
to the fold here with my needle and I'm
gonna come up stay in stay in all the
way to the point where I want to start
you can see I really started down here
but I'm coming down here so take your
hand and make sure you have your fold
just how you want and what we're gonna
do is by hand we're gonna go back in
back and forth just take your time put
on a fun movie it's gonna take a while
and we're gonna go in I'm pushing in
from the side and coming up like that
and what this is going to do is help us
to not see our stitches just keep
playing with your hand to get it where
you want it and then I'm going to come
down
now these stitches pop over the years
you'll just go in and stitch them back
in just like you did that's one of the
beauties of not using any fancy tools
will make minting stuff a breeze if your
family's just rough on furniture as -
things will pop and fray and be
destroyed over the years make sure
you're not pulling it too tight but at
the same time you don't want any bubbles
of thread left out every once in a while
I'm going to go in just to make it extra
secure - the kind of the back where you
can't really see here and I'm going to
tie a knot just to make it extra strong
so there's not every I don't know every
inch or so
[Music]
[Music]
now just keep reminding yourself of
where that endpoints going to be so you
don't sell any more than you have to
I've still got about that ways to go
see let's start to take shape go ahead
and take out this pin and you can see my
fold is still there
that's it here a little bit further
[Music]
I'm going to go ahead and tie another
knot it's been a while since I did that
[Music]
tighten it under the fame where you
won't really be able to see it
[Music]
oh maybe there
do a couple more stitches we're pretty
much to the point where I don't have to
sew anymore so we get a lot of someone
to do Who am I kidding
[Music]
okay so this is low enough that it's
going to be covered so I'm going to go
in and I'm just going to do some nodding
do one more and I'm going to switch back
over to my a pulse free needle for a
second because you can see this is
moving a little and I'm going to keep
throwing more and more layers on it so I
just want to take right here where
you're not going to see anything I'm
going to go in just put a couple
stitches just to keep it from moving
making sure to stay below where this
fold is going to come over so you don't
ever see this
if your fingers get sore quickly just
grab a thimble yeah that's going to keep
that in place
okay so what we're going to do is every
single one of these we're going to do
that same thing so I'm going to separate
this one out so this is our next one so
that's same technique we're going to
come down below where we're going to
start so that we don't see that ugly end
of the thread and I'm going to go into
the fabric and I'm on the inside of that
fold you can't see my needle all the way
up to where we're starting and we're
just gonna do that same thing we're
gonna go slowly work in our way down
remember every once in a while to pause
and tie because it's very easy for this
thread to just break if you're pulling
and you're stuck on something you don't
want to have to redo all your hard work
so I'm going to take a pause and I'm
going to hide and tie off
see it's constantly taking your hand
over smoothing and pulling it's a
constant readjustment when you're taking
your pins out all that stuff
[Music]
okay we're going to keep going till we
get to the point where it's not covered
by the next piece so they've got about
that much further to go
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
okay this is all going to be covered
from this point on so I'm going to go
ahead and tie off
good thing too I was out of threat okay
I'm not going to show you the next one
because it's the same as these exact -
I'll come back and again for the end
here
you