here is the space I'll be making my
shelves this could be in a garage or in
a basement as well I start by marking on
the wall up 16 inches and then
accounting for the two by fours that
will be on there and the half inch OSB
that will be on top of that I use 16
inches because then I can easily slide
these plastic tubs underneath there for
storage so I set up my miter saw with a
16 inch stopped and made cut after cut
after cut I made 18 of these at 16
inches and then I set it up for 21
inches for the cross members because I
wanted to foot-deep shelves and I
subtracted the two one and a half inches
of the two by fours to get to my 21
inches
here I measured where the crossmembers
will be placed I measured every two feet
and made a mark then I used my speed
square to scribe a line across all of
them
I then marked the center of the cross
members so that those lines could match
up I used 2 and 3/4 inches screws for
the whole build
I didn't drill pilot holes in the middle
but on the ends of the boards I did to
prevent cracking I then screw the 16
inch pieces that I had made earlier to
my side two by fours as well as into the
wall
I did this because then I can take my
shelf and I have a place to put them and
is supported slide the side pieces in I
put in these two by fours in the wall
cavities so that items would not fall
off the backside of the shelf
I found the easiest way to do this was
to drill a pilot hole from the side and
then screw them in
on the ends I just made a lip with these
because it was too difficult to get them
in sideways then I placed the OSB in and
they fell right in place you can see how
those two by fours fill that cavity in
the back then I just repeated the
process for the second set of shells and
for the third and here's the finished
set of shelves
strength comes from those two-by-fours
supporting underneath the shelves not
just relying on the screws and after a
long day at work I needed a nap the
shelves are very strong and can sport a
lot of weight thanks for watching I
appreciate the support