okay so we're going to make some pickled
pork this is one of those videos where
if you have to ask what it is you're
probably not watching this but spice it
to say pickled pork goes great in red
beans and rice so I just bought some
really cheap bone-in pork about a pound
and a half got two cups of water 1 cup
of cider vinegar over here I've got 1/4
cup of kosher salt 6 tablespoons of
garlic peeled and crushed you will use a
couple tablespoons of whatever your
favorite hot sauce is and we've got some
sugar err 2 tablespoons of sugar and
rounding it out we've got 2 tablespoons
of whole yellow mustard seeds 1
tablespoon of celery seed about 1/4
teaspoon I use a little bit more of
whole black peppercorns and a single-day
leaf I'm going to throw that all of that
into a saucepan and bring it to a boil
here now it should go without saying but
I'm not boiling the pork I'm just
boiling the marinade ingredients now
once it comes to a boil you can give it
a little stir and what we'll want to do
is we'll let this simmer for about 3
minutes and I'm going to turn the heat
off and add 8 ounces of ice high we will
let that cool down now we want to wash
our pork real well
[Music]
now once it's cooled off that mine isn't
ready yet you just add it to your pork
and seal the bag and put it in the
fridge you want to let it sit in there
for a minimum of three days up to two
weeks by the end of two weeks you
probably want to take out your chops and
if you haven't used them yet go ahead
and freeze those enjoy