[Music]
hey everybody Cola here with another
video so today I have a package that
came in the mail um I ordered a
classical puppets pett coat from clova
which is a shopping service and I got
the Bell shap pett coat so here it is
it's in this tiny package which concerns
me cuz you know when you get a pett coat
you don't want it to look this small so
I'm hoping they just did a really good
job at stuffing it into this bag and
that little poof out when I take it out
so I ordered from clobba so I'll do a
review on clobba first so clobba is a
shopping service and four taba
Brands and I I've been needing a new
pett coat for a while so I decided to
order through them to get a classical
puppets pett coat I got a black one and
the
communication was really really good I
got
responses at least within 24 hours at
each time I asked a question um they
were very friendly very helpful um told
me about everything as it was going on
kept me up to date on everything the
last email I got from them was about 2
weeks ago which was my tracking
information which so it took about like
two 2 and 1/2 weeks to get here because
I chose air mail they give you several
other options
or they only give Americans one other
option which is EMS which is a little
bit more expensive but if you want it
quicker EMS is obviously the better
option I wasn't on some sort of time
constraint so I just went with air mail
cuz it was the cheaper option so the
pett coat itself was I believe like $42
$43 and with shipping it was like 56 I
think something like that it wasn't that
bad actually it was really really cheap
but I totally recommend buying from CLA
because very reliable
very fast very friendly and very prompt
with their responses to messages so now
on to the classical puppets portion of
this video so let's open this up and see
what's inside it's in a sort of like
shopping bag kind of thing which is if I
can get this out hold
on which has a um bubble wrap thing
inside which is all taped up and the
petty coat's inside of it so so let's
open this up now so inside of the B wrap
is another bag with the pet coat inside
of it so this is the last bag so I'm
about to pull it out here it
is smells kind of
funky oh it's inside out okay see tag is
right here pop so let's turn this inside
out or right side out I suppose so here
it is um um the lighting seems to be
horrible I might end up just filming
back in the old spot cuz it doesn't look
very good but here it is it's really
short really cute though I like that
it's
lined so I believe it's made out of
orgona if I remember correctly has this
nice lace on it and there's
one
two two layers of the oranza and then a
um a lining online it looks looks I
don't know if maybe I just need to fluff
it up more or if it'll fluff up over
time but in the pictures it looks much
more overwhelming than this this is very
underwhelming um I'm going to try it on
under two different types of dresses and
I'm going to try it by itself with a one
pett coat underneath and with two pett
coats underneath I'm going to be trying
it under Lucine dream which is a soft
chiffon dress and I'm going to be trying
it under my body musle skirt which is
the heaviest piece that I currently own
I don't have any velvet yet so I'm going
to try this under those and I'll f it
for you guys so you can see what they
look like and we'll see how good this
pett coat really
is so this is Lucan Dream by Angelic
pretty it is a very soft chiffon dress
and it very obviously requires a pett
coat it's very flat and very boring like
most Lolita dresses are and this one in
particular actually requires a
bell-shaped petty coat Co so let's try
the classical puppets one on so this is
with the classical puppets pett coat by
itself just the one pett coat it gives
it a pretty decent amount of poof it
looks very good it gives it the shape
that it needs that nice Bell shape or
cupcake shape and you could honestly
probably just use the one pett coat by
itself this is with one of my leg Avenue
pett coats underneath the classical
puppet's pett coat it gives it a
significant amount of poof and it looks
perfect honestly in my opinion I think
that two pett coats is the perfect
amount of poof and the perfect shape and
I think three is too much but you'll see
that in a second anyway because
science so this is with all three of my
pett coats on so twole Avenue and the
classical puppets it has a very very
full shape very
[Music]
cupcakeyummy if you want that much poof
definitely get two pett coats and the
classical puppets one cuz it looks
really good so this is my Bodyline
bustle
skirt this one kind of requires a bell
shape not so much as Lucine dream it's a
very heavy skirt despite the thin fabric
because of the layers and the many many
Ruffles this is the classical puppets
pett coat by itself under the bot line
buzzle skirt it gives it a little bit of
shape that cupcake shape and it gives it
a pretty decent amount of poof but you
might want a second pett coat for later
on because eventually that poof will die
at least a little bit and you might want
a second one
then this is with one of my leg Avenue
pett coats underneath the classical
puppets pett coat again I think that
this is the perfect amount of poof it
gives it the perfect shape and it gives
it a very very good very good poof and I
honestly think that two is perfectly
fine I don't think you need more than
that you might eventually again when
petticoats deflate cuz they all do so
you might need a third one after that
but straight out of the box I think two
is perfect and my like of new ones are
pretty worn out by now so yeah two is
completely
perfect so this is with all three pett
coats on and as you can tell it gives it
a lot of poof gives it that Bell shape
really well but I think it's way too
much cuz you can't tell on the video but
in real life the skirt was basically
about to explode with how much poof
there was but as for the pett coat
itself I definitely definitely recommend
it it's a really nice pett coat it feels
very comfortable when it's on and it
gives all your dresses the shape that it
needs so if you need that Bell shape I
definitely recommend it thank you for
watching and please like And subscribe
if you enjoyed hope to see you guys in
the next one and hope you check out my
older videos cuz I have tons of those so
see you guys later
bye