what is up guys welcome to day two or
three of the vlog we are here in LA once
again with the beautiful views and what
we're doing today guys is we're gonna
make it to chick-fil-a this time okay
we're goin chick-fil-a then we're gonna
pick up my boys from dance practice yes
they're in dance practice and then what
we're gonna do is go to Six Flags I've
never been there and I don't think you
guys have ever seen Six Flags for those
that aren't around from here or from the
states so you guys get to witness that
as well so it'd be nice to bring the
camera along on our way to chick-fil-a
really excited because my brother hasn't
tried it yet I've had it so many times
in New York literally the best chicken
you can get in a fast food restaurant I
don't even think it's a fast food
restaurant from the chicken that you
taste all their sauces are dope their
fries the waffle fries are crazy so you
guys get to see that as well try to go
yesterday I totally forgot that they're
closed on Sundays cuz you know there are
the Christian Christian Christian
franchise some people got mad at the way
they handle some of their PR but I think
they just did it I was like a stunt like
there's one of those things were just
like you know publicity stunts they do
something bad everyone hype some book
about it people hate it people like it
but they win cuz you know any hate could
still give you Fame in a way right so
you know look at Rebecca Black back in
the day it is what it is look at look at
these trees like look how sick this
street is dude like what this is [ __ ]
la right here dude this is so la it's
[ __ ] nuts like I'm actually so glad
we came we still have like two days here
I think tomorrow's Tuesday then we leave
Wednesday night tomorrow we're going to
Venice Gold's Gym we're gonna check out
some of the stuff there as well maybe
get some gifts for the fan back home and
obviously all the people we're gonna
shoot like a super crazy video for my
brother's channel so if you guys want to
go watch that I'll link his channel down
below as well I'm gonna bring my ronan
that I bought for videos and we're gonna
try to get like some nice steady shots
of him working out and stuff you're into
that fitness stuff and tell I'm not into
that fitness stuff but I will get into
it I will get into I feel like who the
more I'm around my brother the more I
want to workout and look better I was
there at one point but I just kind of
you know and I wasn't there at one point
I got there because I was looking at you
so yeah that's why we just got to feed
off each other you know the people that
you have around are super important
parents probably told you you know the
five friends that you have are the ones
that make you into the person you are
kind of true it's actually not kind of
but it's super true
we were gonna go to chick-fil-a but we
parked on this parking lot and we had to
buy some Red Bulls to make it look like
we went to this we're customers now
we're customers we have an hour it says
when our customer parking only so now
we're off to chick-fil-a guys it's gonna
be super awesome I really gets tried out
for the first time and then we're out of
here dude
the spicy deluxe combo done over your
ear
oh thank you
[Music]
just finished up eating at chick-fil-a
it was actually a blast
no la people are so nice dude so we're
gonna do now is go pick up my boy
Hollywood and his buddy and then we're
gonna head to Six Flags I'm so excited
dude I'm actually so excited how was the
food though what amazing yeah I got it
okay in and out in an hour chick-fil-a
chick-fil-a Cheesecake Factory I ain't
like all that chicken yeah like even
after eating that and I didn't even want
to look at chicken for like you know
like a week
that was amazing like I'm oh man I'm so
good so good like it's not even like
fast food
it's like real [ __ ]
[Music]
alright guys welcome we're now and Six
Flags yes we finally made it here lots
of traffic for the rides are going crazy
hey what up just be more and just be
more this is the bro for you and we're
in Cali we're having a good time guys
now it's time to get in there's lots of
cars here so hopefully we don't have to
get the fast lane but it'll be a lot of
fun if we do or we don't either way
we're going on every single ride today
so apparently the park is so big you
actually have to take a bus to get to
like the entrance
[Music]
[Music]
all right so we're underway to get Fast
Pass lanes because honestly the lines
are pretty long so we got to go do that
all right so we literally just got
called like hardcore Vaseline is
insanely like okay so on the flyer it
said $50 we're like okay $50 not bad but
if you get the $50 one then what you do
is you don't get to go on like a bunch
of rides you can only go on the ride
once you can't go on again with the fast
pass and the regular one doesn't put you
on any rides the very premium one was
about a hundred dollars which is what
the ticket to get into this place is
which hook really does suck and on top
of that it's 634 you have to make a
reservation on this freaking Siri
[ __ ] Alexa whatever type thing you
got to put in wherever ride you want to
go to so we put it in and now we have to
show up there to bypass the line at 6:49
so we still got 15 minutes to [ __ ]
wait tell me how that makes sense it
doesn't make sense
wait 15 minutes use out there we want to
be smarter than us well no we're gonna
do it when you're in line waiting to get
out of your ride to bypass the line
reserved the next ride ahead of times
for the time they've done that ride you
get to just skip the line buy the next
one
still might not work
ten minutes oh my god how is this a
Fastpass if we have to wait
[Music]
so we just got our full-throttle dude
that [ __ ] was crazy the right actually
went forward like super fast from the
start did a huge loop and I think
apparently it's like the biggest loop in
the world all around went to this dark
tunnel and then stopped and at that
point it was gonna launch this forward
but it went back and it was just overall
an awesome ride one problem that I'm
having is with this Fastlane past man
it's not really even a fast lane it's
terrible
x2 I really oh I see it dude or fast
lane passes aren't really hooking us up
for this one so we actually have to wait
in line yeah for an extra twenty dollars
or 30 50 dollars you know got hooked up
but some what we're trying to do right
now so no matter what you're [ __ ]
this ride
spend extra so now we're in some weird
area where like everything is backlight
and everything is going look at my teeth
it's pretty crazy man
[Laughter]
oh my god everything is like haha so all
of us are starving and we're thirsty as
hell so we're gonna go grab yourself
some food all the drinks are around five
dollars for like a large and then yup
two bottles for like seven dollars and
it's water so it's pretty expensive
another thing is we're getting nachos
with cheese and jalapenos we're right by
the scary place with like the blacklight
that's kind of cool we get to see that
as a view all right so the nachos are
like jalapeno cheese and nachos
pretty pretty okay for do get a scare
bro so we just wrapped up with Six Flags
and it was actually a lot of fun guys
Goliath or I think that's what the right
is called was closed down so that was
kind of upsetting but every other ride
was actually super awesome and a lot of
the rides here compared to Toronto who
are very unexpected they had an
unexpected turns as well as sometimes
they had little Easter eggs in them so
like one of them went and did a loop and
then just as it was gonna finish it
stopped it went back and then it started
going again and it was really cool
really what okay got a better racer over
there right I'm running Forrest Gump so
I'm super glad all my buddies from here
came along he had such an amazing time
six black I'm happy I was able to show
my friends this amazing amusement park I
was wrong about four five rides I
thought would be brutal and they were
actually awesome so I'd have to say
sorry for being a Debbie Downer
and yeah honestly like every single ride
was [ __ ] good man
I kicked ass bro yeah what about a
little uh that girl that was
discriminating against their fast yeah
just go this way all right now we're
gonna drive back to LA kind of like on
the outskirts probably try to find
something to do we really wanted to go
to chick-fil-a but it's gonna close we
all had funnel cakes he took another L
it's more of a are you somebody stream a
last I took it air but tonight I bounce
back