hi there my name is Mark Summers you may
know me from double dare on your mark
get set go let's make a banana split you
may know me from what would you do I'm
Mark Summers and I want to know how far
you'll go slime um gets identified with
double dare a lot and then again on what
would you do but it actually started on
a show called you can't do that on
television what happened was if you said
the words I don't know you would get
slimed you know it's weird slime is hot
again and there's all these recipes
online that have nothing to do with what
we used as real slime it started off as
vanilla pudding applesauce green food
coloring and a little oatmeal and and
that was our slime and the consistency
of that was far better than the stuff
that I see today I don't know what it
[Music]
is did I ever get slimed oh yes numerous
times initially on the first 65 episodes
I didn't get messy at all and then the
producers came to me and said uh you
know you got to get a little
messy so the next thing I know all the
kids are trying to trash me with either
slime or pies and uh you know some days
I'd look like a Smurf I'd be Head To Toe
with blue whipped cream blue uh you know
uh kind of icing whatever was on the
course so yes it was an occupational
uh you know hazard in some ways but it
was a great way to make a living
[Music]