today we're making muhammad and muhammad
are a form of donut that is prepared
using heavy coconut milk and cardamom
powder and so I made my own cardamom
powder by getting the seeds of the
cardamom from the pods this was going to
give me a more intense flavor if you
don't have cardamom pods with you it's
okay you can use ready-made cardamom
powder but this is guaranteed to give
you a more intense
Kodama flavor and so I ground my Kodama
seeds and got a teaspoon of this
cardamom powder which is what I needed
for my recipe
I added my cardamom powder to my
all-purpose flour and this was followed
by my sugar yeast
and ghee and so I started by rubbing in
my ghee at one corner and then we are
now satisfied that it had mixed in well
I made sure that I distributed it evenly
throughout my flour and then this is
when I started to knead by adding heavy
coconut milk this has a coconut milk
that your seeing me use here is homemade
and it's at room temperature for a
complete list of the ingredients that
I've used here extra tips step by step
recipe please visit my website G Connie
magic calm and you'll find all these
things there I've also provided a link
in the description box down below for
this recipe so feel free to click on it
and it will take you there straight away
so I proceeded to knead by adding the
heavy coconut milk little by little
until the door came together then I
turned it over to my work surface and
started kneading
but then when I started meeting I
realized that I had added too much
coconut milk and it was too sticky and
hard to work with so I added a bit more
flour on my work surface and then
proceeded now to knead for 5 minutes
until the dough became smooth and
elastic
so once the dough was smooth like I
wanted it to be I rolled it out into a
log like shape divided it into five
equal portions rolled these portions
into balls nested them with all-purpose
flour covered them with polythene paper
placed a tea towel on top and left them
to rest for 45 minutes so that they
could increase in size almost doubling
in size
and so after 45 minutes were up I rolled
them into six inch circles divided them
into four parts
Mohamed's are traditionally triangle in
shape and don't roll them too thin
because they will become hard and not
too thick because it will become soggy
when you're cooking them now this is the
thickness that you're looking for about
a half inch thick next I cooked them in
my preheated oil on medium heat my
cooking pan is a small one so I normally
cook to Mohamed Otago if you have a
bigger pan then you can cook more
Mohammed's otago so what I do is I wait
for one Mohammed to puff up beautifully
before adding the second Mohammed you
see what I mean when I say my pan is
small well yeah this is what I do and
then if one part is stubborn and refuses
to puff up as it should you can always
sprinkle or need some hot oil and it
will behave so it takes about 45 seconds
to a minute for one side to cook
properly before turning it over and so
on once I am satisfied that the first my
hungry is cooked I take it off the heat
and then add the second one and the
process starts all over again
now muhammad's are normally served with
tea this instance I had mine with my
Kenyan spicy masala tea link in the
description box down below you can go
straight to that recipe and see how I
made my team now in Kenya Mahan Rees are
also accompanied by buzzy namazi is cow
peas these bodies are cooked in coconut
milk and this is a very very tasty
accompaniment and here are my MA
Hungry's they turned out fantastically I
really loved them the cardamom flavor
was just out of this world combined with
that coconut milk that combination is
what sets Maharis apart from the rest of
the competition in as far as donut go
thank you so much for watching this
video give it a thumbs up if you liked
it feel free to go to my website chicken
emoji calm for more recipes until next
time keep AG coney magic good bye