hello there clown here in this video I
will discuss how to diagnose power
window issues in your car this
particular cars the ninety will come out
however it could be used to help you
diagnose your own car because this is
this is basically similar cars so for
slight variations on some but the stuff
on my T I'm going to show you a teacher
here you could apply in almost anything
I will show you where the components are
located how to test them with just a
test light a couple bucks in Auto Zone
or Pep Boys whatever your neighborhood
car store is to pick one pick a test
light up and I could save you hundreds
of dollars in mechanic fees so pay
attention this clown just kidding but
yeah please pay attention okay so first
thing you always check is your fuse in
this case I have a circuit breaker 30
amp circuit breaker and this circuit is
hot on car run when you ignition hot
that's the only time this system gets
energized with power right first let me
show you how everything works here then
I'll show you on the car where
everything is located how to test it
thoroughly I'm breaker here hot an
ignition run you have a pink wire here
this pink wire goes to the left-hand
side of the car and the distribution to
the right-hand side of the car now to
make this that's a three I don't want to
repeat stuff in this video so I'm only
going to talk about the left-hand side
because the same same thing I'm doing
here is over here it's mirror image so
power on your pink wire all the way
through to here this is your switch and
this is your window motor alright still
with me good when you turn the switch to
up on your position to have you want to
go up to slide up
your power here going through here going
through a dark blue wire into you one
side the motor then your ground is over
here so your grounds traveling over here
all the way around here and see the side
the motor it's energized here and the
motor go and the power window goes up
now if the window goes down what happens
is polarity gets reversed meaning on the
up position you get power here ground
here on and out when you hit the switch
to down you're going to get power here
ground here which moves the window down
let me show you what that looks like
power here all the way through here
switch goes up here so power travels
connects this over here down power and
your ground travels up this way okay go
up here because this switched up so it
goes over here straight down and you're
getting ground here and that's your
window motor so when I'm going to do
this video to show you guys I'm gonna
actually follow this power I'm going to
show you what the circuit breaker is
located I'm going to show you power
going over here to switch from the pink
wire which is show that your your
breakers good / fuse and your wiring
here is good if you have no power here
ignition hot you'd have to check all
this stuff here every car is different
where everything is located then I'm
going to check power going here when it
switches to the up position then I'm
going to check power going here or here
I can check this one here want to switch
to the down position now if you don't
have power here you check everything up
here if you don't have power here and
you have power here and you switch this
to up that means your switch is bad you
new switch always check your grounds to
connect your tests light to a good known
power then connect the tip of the light
over here and should always light up
that means it's a good ground it's not a
good
and check everything here see where it
is connected to the body or we're
exactly the Gran's locator whether if
its distribution ground distribution
check that contact point like again all
car is different because if video you're
on the mat your owner's manual to find
out where your car look your car and
components are located you could also go
on old data diy.com if you don't know
where anything is
and you also tell you what color wise to
look for oh and where your switches are
get in you know where switches are
hopefully where everything else is
located this is an example of where you
could get this stuff from a schematic or
and they look you know the component
locations so I'm also going to click
check for power here with the test slide
so say you don't have power here that
could mean your switch is bad if you hit
the down position and you no power here
at the connector so let me switch is bad
now if you have power and ground going
here and power ground going here
remember you check power here also this
gets reversed so what if I do here you
could do here so I'm going to show you
one side if your power coming here then
that means your window modern you new on
your window motor alright let me show
you what this is located in my car this
is circuit breaker ready to that like my
clown shoes looking spiffy today few
folks all right it's going here yeah
a second tsugumi's this car
that's my circuit breaker for this car
and this is the Ford the car Ford is up
there right and when you take these out
I only go in one way out one way because
where the tabs located let me show you
one second see that the tabs are skewed
to one side like that word is skew so
make sure you put them in the right way
tabs go that way that's Gladys Club oh
good clothes for this ah all right back
in I'm back in that's what she said
wait he said oh whatever all right all
right so you have power there too good
it's good breaker go check the breaker
is to switch it with another one and see
if it works if it doesn't work then come
here and check to see if you've power on
this pink wire now remember this pink
wire like I said before this is a pink
wire this is your breaker pink wire
going here this is a switch this is a
pink lighter most going to test with the
switch on the up position I'll show you
that too and I should have power on a
dark blue wire so I'll show you both
those and of course I have to take this
actually let me back code this bad boy I
live to back probe I remember okay
ignition on so turn Nikita on
now be careful you go too crazy with
this because good if you have like a
dumb light on I mean that you have
beyond key to long if you have any
opposition too long you could burn out
drain your battery sorry
okay so may always make sure when you
cheat you when you're checking the power
source with your test light always make
sure that it's a good ground test it
with the good non ground
I already did so I reckon I bother with
that so let's go to the pink wire there
we go
all right pink wire I'm just touching
the pink wire from behind baby from
behind
all right now the dark blue wire in this
case when you hit down I mean it since I
would have a good ground source here I'm
just going to check for a ground in dark
blue wire so this actually let me show
you that second
those in there there you go so I'm
hitting oh there you go
dark blue wire I'll show you right I'll
show you right now what I just did there
blue wire hold on a second
this clowns assistant so if your hot
blonde you could leave your number down
in the comment section I'm looking for a
good assistant and I pay very well
righty I was testing a dark blue wire
this is what a dark blue wire is so I
was checking for power at the dark blue
wire I'm not sure I said before but
anyway that's that's what I just did
I had was hanging the up position and I
was getting power going through the
circuit breaker through the switch it
made a good connection and it came
through here when I hit the up position
because my test light went on and do the
same thing here when you turn this on
and the black wire here is ground so you
could do for that black wire on the
switch see that wire right there this
wire right there this one that's your
black wire and you just connect to test
light to a good non power source and hit
it just touch it and you should have
your test light should go on
once you touch that you're back probably
over there all right now if you don't
have power your dark blue wire when it
keys and on your switch is bad
make sure you have power here too and
that was the pink wire tested now I'm
gonna go down here to the motor that's
right there that sucker I took this clip
off
that just clips in to the water over
here right so I'm going to I'm going to
stick my test slide in here
I'm going to stick it on the pick one
dark blue around
let's do brown this time the dark blue
before now once we have power once we
hit the down position here and we'll
connect this to your to our power so I'm
going to check that power comes here do
the same thing here and also check to
see if there's a ground here I connected
connecting your test light to a good non
power source let me do that for you guys
Oh oh my god I mean too old for this way
too old I have a good connection here to
ground yes I know that's rusty but trust
me good connection like that but to us
here this is also a good ground I tested
it before always test your grounds too
good known power source make sure it
works ok now let me see if I could stick
this in here and run I just kidding that
probe this monkey right here
that works alright let's see there we go
and it's my Brown wire and look when I
hit brown wire you hit down alright let
me double check that yes so down power
and you that's basically is bun wire
here so you can have to test light here
it'll be done the same thing and that
concludes my video on how to check your
power windows and if you don't have
power or ground coming here to your
connector sorry if you do have say
everything sorry say everything checked
out fine coming here if power and ground
and then polarity gets reversed that
means your motor is messed up you have
to replace that bad boy now this rivets
on here you have to drill the rivets out
pop it out make sure the regulator in
this car the one that should be halfway
down put like door stoppers in here
where the sweeps are to hold the window
mixtures and fall and each car is its
own way of doing it but this is kind of
a pain yes as you can see a previous
owner cut a hole here to get it out not
nice so if you liked this video please
like it on the bottom it's free to like
and the worry is playing as clamp to go
around and also please subscribe to my
channel that's also free and thanks for
watching and stay tuned for other videos
from your favorite clown over and out
sayonara