hey guys so I'm gonna be talking to you
about how we're gonna set this travel so
first we got to do is gonna get these uh
you gonna get these toast chi toasty
okay Sandwich groggy now it's
specifically so important on the way
that you hope english package you must
first go over to the corner yeah no one
like that you gotta just you just kind
of pry that little bad boy open there
[Music]
and we're just gonna we're just gonna
get down real low right here break it in
half just crumble that baby apart the
ansel of this look though of it trust me
so what you're gonna do first mix them
up you have to make sure nothing get
mixed up nice and good you don't want
any you don't want any of that weird
stuff in there you know what I'm saying
like you got to make sure it's all pure
nice good peanut butter cracker just the
way the ants like it man
that's exactly what we want dude that's
exactly what we need
and so you gotta make sure it's nice and
nice and fine now
step 17 this is a crucial step in this
operation alright what you want to do is
right Square to the trap right nice
tight core that's very good then you're
just gonna wait all right keep your eyes
on the target the whole time alright
that's my dad whistle oh so man no it's
a rock again
it's like the 9th rock I've seen Oh Oh
Rock again alright guys as you can see
I'm having some difficulty right now
we're gonna give it another 20 minutes
and we back at you again when you get
tired of all that waiting you gotta take
matters in your own hand life life
doesn't life doesn't come to you gotta
go get that yeah I get that we have
an ant
right here I'm gonna get it I'm gonna
put it inside that ant farm so here we
go I caught it and now I open the lid
very carefully no no not that lid this
one right here and I put the end inside
and I closed the lid this is very
important I closed the lid I closed it I
got one right
it's about death now if you follow all
of these rigorous steps after just a
mere three and a half to seven weeks you
can have something as beautiful as this
just few warnings though never eat the
ant trap I mean even in here we've been
out here for how long two days now right
now we got hungry all right but I'd
rather eat my hand remember that was
crucial yeah yeah because you can
actually just eat normal food if you
prepare properly ma'am he didn't not
right there that was a prized ant
I prized have look at it share beauty
simplicity Monday tivity wonderful
wonderful
I'm just an awed by this amazing
creation