hi I'm Elise from sick sister stuff calm
and say I'm making Andes mint muddy
buddies and we love money buddies on our
site we've got cake batter money buddies
peanut butter chocolate money buddies
you name it we've got it all so I'm
making a Christmas version today with
Andes mints and it's super delicious and
I know you guys will love it and it's
perfect for a party or to give to your
neighbors as a gift so to start out I
just have two boxes of Andes mints and
I've unwrapped them and put them in a
microwavable safe Bowl and we're gonna
microwave it for about 60 seconds until
they're melted okay so I actually ended
that microwaving mine for about and
minute and 45 seconds just until it
looks quite melted so then I'll just
take a rubber spatula and really mix it
to get all of the pieces melted so once
this is smooth I'm just going to pour it
over five cups of corn Chex Mix you
could use rice Chex you could use
whatever flavor you like I think the
corn has a little bit of a sweeter taste
so I go with that usually but okay and
you could easily double this if you had
a larger crowd just to use four boxes of
mints and ten cups of cereal which would
be about about a large box so you'll
just want to stir this gently and try
not to crush the cereal so you don't
have a ton of tiny pieces
and crumbs but you want each piece of
Chex Mix to have some chocolate on it so
the powdered sugar will stick to it
and I've learned the hard way that it's
not easy to mix the powdered sugar in
with the cereal and it's easier to do it
in a bank so we're gonna do that in a
minute to get all finished
okay so this looks pretty good this part
might be tricky getting it into the bag
but we'll see so I've got a cup and a
half of powdered sugar I'm just gonna
get all the cereal into this bag okay
here is the last of it
so once you have your cereal your
chocolate covered checks in your bag
just seal it make sure it really is
sealed and then just shake it up just
takes a minute you'll have a little bit
of extra powdered sugar in your bag well
that's that's okay and once it looks
like it's all covered you are ready to
go you can put it in a big serving dish
or serve it in individual sized bowls
it's really up to you and it would be
fun to do a cute topping on this I know
they have the Andes baking bits and you
could sprinkle some of those on top but
I'm just gonna add a few Christmas
sprinkles and they are ready to go for
this and other delicious Christmas
recipes be sure to check out our blog
fix sister stuff calm and thanks for
watching