people used to come into Hobby Lobby all
the time and asked me for a leaves I was
the first person manager for almost six
years of all time
well I have in my backyard maple tree and
there's a lot of leaves under that are
red a lot of a mostly yellow right now
but the leaves are falling on the ground
here look there's quite a few of the
matter is red
variations pick up their sleeves up you
can pick them all up saving the summit
are just like really pretty look at
those colors are really pretty gather
all of those up get your pile of them
and then find yourself a big fat book
paper book like this one in his paper
pages not the shiny was a good magazine
your paper pages its heavy and then lay
your leaves in the book like that show
you have laid him in here like this
color tie down in a dry within a couple
days they dry and you could take and put
Hobby Lobby carries a floral
preservative spray that you can use on
them or you could probably use a clear
matt lacquered you had had some handy if
you don't have any handy can also use
hair spray hairspray will also drive
them or just leave a mark that people
who you can use it for you wanna be your
fault able for Thanksgiving decorating
or whatever you need them for their
super simple people don't realize how
valuable they are sorry this message
this is my tablet here so but yeah just
get a room up laying flat and they'll
dry within a couple of days
you can get a moment like this done here
table and they were all curled up