[Music]
all right today I'm going to be
repairing and replacing steps for a deck
and as you can see here these steps are
in really bad shape they're really
warped really weathered and they are
actually pretty dangerous so we're going
to be replacing these so the steps right
now are made of 3 2x4s that are 4T wide
we're actually going to repl replace the
2x4s with 2X sixs and with the 2x6s I'm
only going to have to use two boards for
each step and it's also going to be
stronger so our first step is going to
be removing all the screws you're going
to have some situations where the screws
might be stripped and you're not able to
remove them so you may have to use a
priar and some Brute Force to get a
board removed another common thing that
can happen is your stair stringer might
end up being damaged right here at the
top of is cracked in half and I'll show
you how to repair that shortly on the
opposite side the stair singer actually
came all the way loose when I took the
boards off so I'm going to have to
reinforce that and I'm going to use a
2x4 to reinforce the center of this so
we're going to add a 2x4 in between the
two stair stringers here and then tie it
in with the stair stringers so we're
going to secure it to the porch itself
using multiple screws all the way across
the front of the porch here then we're
going to secure the Stringer to the
board we just put up we're going to run
some screws in sideways now on the
opposite side I don't have room to do
the same thing so I'm going to have to
toenail into my Stringer like this now
I'm also going to tone out the bottom of
my Stringer to the porch on both sides
now it's time to repair the broken stair
stringer so depending on the size of the
brake you're either going to want to
mount the board horizontal like this or
if it's a larger brake you're going to
want to mount it vertical like this and
you're going to want to use a minimum of
four screws to mend this back together
and I have the crack centered right
between all the
screws so now I got all my boards
removed so it's time to go ahead and put
my new stairs so I'm going to be using
two 2x sixes for each step I'm going to
make my necessary measurement here it's
going to be about 4T so I'm going to use
an 8ft board and cut it exactly in half
and I have five steps so I'm going to go
ahead and cut 10 of these the exact same
length so we're going to start with
installing the top board on the stairs
first we're going to secure it on both
ends using two screws on each end plus
I'm going to secure it to that middle
2x4 that we installed earlier so before
we go any further we're going to want to
make sure sure that the stair stringers
are square with each other on top and
bottom so what you want to do is make a
measurement on the top the distance
between the stair stringers and a
measurement on the bottom the distance
between and make sure it's the exact
same width once you have the exact same
width top and bottom it's time to go
ahead and install a board at the very
bottom now we're going to make sure the
steps are level with each other top and
bottom so your top step needs to match
what your porch already is your bottom
step needs to match your top step though
in this case my bottom step is severely
off one side needs to be elevated at
about an inch and a half so I'm going to
use a shim here that's going to go
between the stair stringer and the PA
and I'm going to secure that with screws
okay now we got everything square and
level so it's time to put on the rest of
our steps and a trick you can do to keep
all your stairs straight with each other
is to use a straight edge once you have
the first two boards in place you can
put a straight edge on them and keep
everything else exactly straight with
those and make sure you have at least
two screws on the end of each board to
secure it firmly okay here's a look at
it it's all done now we got some nice
fresh stairs there's sturdy and safe
again well this is CLS all in one if you
want to hear more from me please like
And subscribe