hardwood furniture and cabinets are
luxurious and functional they're
pleasing in appearance and resilient to
years of abuse unfortunately hardwood
furniture is also very expensive as a
result many cabinets and shelves today
are made from particle board which is a
much cheaper alternative to using
hardwood particle board is a composite
of wood chips shavings and sawdust mixed
with resin which has been pressed
together and extruded to form sheets in
the case of cabinets and shelves the
particle board is wrapped in a veneer or
finished sheet of anything from paper to
thin sheets of oak or maple this process
is a cheaper alternative but creates a
product which is easily damaged and will
not stand up to abuse as well as hard
wood often the particle board will split
or pull apart rendering the furniture
useless don't throw it away repair it
with arts 401 flextec HB epoxy repair
system the first step in the cabinet
repair is to mix and apply the primer
tree this bonding agent penetrates the
wood fibres and creates a strong bond
between the flextech in the wood mix two
parts a with one part B and apply it to
the repair area using a brush the next
step is to dispense and mix the flextec
until you achieve a uniform color a
plastic cutting board makes a great
place to mix and is easy to hold with
one hand as you mix with the other once
the epoxy is thoroughly mixed apply it
to the repair area press the two pieces
of the repair together and scrape off
any excess epoxy
allow the repair to cure for at least 24
hours at at least 60 degrees and your
cabinet is ready to display for years to
come
you
arts flextech epoxy repair system may
also be used to fill large holes left in
particle board cabinets or bookshelves
once again mix and apply the prima tree
allow it to set 10 minutes and wipe off
any excess
you
you
next you may dispense and mix the epoxy
for applications where the cabinet will
not be painted
you may tint the epoxy to match the
color of the shelves you are repairing
art has available dry powder pigment
which you may sprinkle over the epoxy
and mix until you have reached the
desired color
you
apply the epoxy to the repair and work
it into the hole being sure to fill all
the edges of the repair
finally screed off the surface of the
repair to create a smooth finish
now is also a good time to touch up any
smaller NICs in the wood or screw holes
left from prior applications
you
as before allow the repair to cure
overnight and your bookcase is ready to
hold your new fiction novels until they
become classic tales another area prone
to particle board cabinet damage is the
kitchen years of opening and closing
drawers and slamming cabinet doors and a
fury to create delicious meals leads to
serious wear and tear on the particle
board this wastebasket drawer has pulled
apart at the top where a child safety
lock had been installed to completely
replace the drawer face would mean
searching for a matching piece or having
one custom-made the first option is not
guaranteed and the second option could
be very costly flextech will bond the
two pieces of this drawer face back
together in less time than it would take
to find a replacement and at a fraction
of the cost
again the first step is to mix and brush
on the Prima trait to both sides of the
repair
next dispense mix and apply the flextec
press the two pieces together and finish
off the edges of the repair
fill any large holes intended for other
applications in this case a space for
unused hardware
once you are satisfied allow the repair
to cure for at least 24 hours at at
least 60 degrees
now you may sound the drawer phase to
prepare it for fiving and painting
wipe off any loose dust and you may
begin to paint with any latex based
paint or primer
allow the paint to dry and you have a
fully refurbished kitchen drawer which
matches the rest of your cabinets and
will help you create those culinary
masterpieces
you