huh so today I'm going to be showing you
how to make this super duper cute cute
spaghetti strap sweetheart crop top what
you need to make this pop top is white
fabric less than half a meter and you'll
need about 1/2 1/2 a meter or half a
yard of black Nick stretch fabric jersey
fabric you'll need a zipper for the back
if you want you'll need scissors you'll
need a sewing machine you'll need
measuring tape and you need fabric
marker you'll also need a bra so if you
have a strapless bra that would be
perfect
put on your sharpest bra and taking your
measuring tape you want to decide how
far down you want your top to come
measure from the side of my sharpest bra
and then decide how many inches
underneath the bra you want the top to
come so in my case I chose I mean two
two or two and a half inches then you
want to take your bra off and put it on
a piece of paper and just trace your bra
okay so you're not going to trace the
whole bra you're just going to try
something comes and you can basically
start and finish at the binding of your
bra so right at the side where the cups
are connected to the strap part of the
flow as you can see here these darker
lines is what I did to adjust it because
I thought this is the original line but
that is a little too much breast exposed
so I just did designs to cover them
after you trace your bra you want to
basically add how many ever inches to
the bottom of your bra so in my case I
decided that I want my top to be two
inches longer than my bra right so I'm
going to add I'm gonna measure two
inches
underneath my bra and just mark it all
the way across and then draw a
connecting line okay you're not adding
any seam allowance to this just yet
now after you have added your line
underneath your bra and you've connected
it then you just want to cut out the
pattern okay
and don't worry if your adjustments are
not even so if you see it if you look at
my pattern you can clearly see that it's
not even but it's okay because there's a
way to make sure that it is symmetrical
in the end okay all you want to do
it's just folded in half and you see
once you fold it you're gonna have this
part sticking up so we just want to cut
off this extra space okay and that's
what's going to make sure that it's
completely eaten okay let's go ahead and
do that okay so now when you fold it
there's nothing extra it's completely
even okay and that's how it should be so
that you know now it's completely
symmetrical to make the pattern for the
back of your top what you're going to
need to do is well and make sure that
when you put the bra down that the
straps are underneath the cups so after
you put the brought down on the paper
face up you want to make a point at each
end of the bra okay so you want to make
a point right here and a point right
here okay then you want to take your
pattern for the front of your shirt and
you want to take the edge of your
pattern and line it up with one of the
dots okay place it down on the paper and
then trace the edge of the pattern and
make sure that it's connected to that
first dot right then you want to take
the other end of your pattern and line
it up with the other dot and then trace
that end okay and after you've done that
you want to basically connect the the
two points at the top and then you want
to connect the bottom of the two
vertical lines that you made
so in the end it should look something
like this
now what you want to do is you want to
take two layers of fabrics so you can
either fold one long strip of fabric in
half or if you just so happen to have
scraps of fabric then you can just take
two separate layers but the important
thing is that you make sure that for the
first layer the front of the fabric is
facing up and then for the second layer
that the front of the fabric is facing
down I hope that didn't confuse you if
it did leave a comment um so then after
you've done that you want to put your
pattern down so the front of your top
you want to put it down on top of the
two layers and you want to trace it but
make sure that when you put it down onto
the two layers that you leave a little
bit of space around the pattern because
that's going to be for your seam
allowance okay so then it should look
like this after you've finished
then after you cut it out want to sew
along your line
okay so along in my case would be the
white line you want to sew along the
white line you're only going to sew the
sides and the top okay you're not going
to sew the bottom all right after you've
finished sewing the tops and the top and
the side you're going to just cut off
that extra fabric okay and the reason
why is because now we're going to turn
this puppy inside out okay so you can
turn it and set out like this it should
look kind of like a PITA
like pita bread okay and now you see how
we have this like neat professional look
it looks like a very finished kind of
edge so after you've done that after
you've turned it inside out you want to
just iron it flat that you want to
repeat this step for the other pattern
for the back of your shirt so you want
to take the back pattern place it down
on your fabric trace it and cut it out
now this time when you leave seam
allowance you only need to leave seam
allowance on the top and the bottom of
the pattern but not on the sides you
want to take your first pattern so the
front of the shirt and you want to place
it so that the top of the pattern is
facing up and then you want to take your
second pattern so the back of the shirt
and you want to place it on top of the
first pattern so make sure that the two
right sides are facing each other line
it up at the top and you want to pin the
edges together and you want to just sew
it it should look like this
okay and then insert your zipper okay if
you don't know how to insert a zipper
leave a comment
and that's basically it you guys this
top is super cute and it's not very
difficult to make so um let me know what
you guys think let me know if you made
it and how it came out and as always
don't forget to check out my other
videos and click that thumbs up button