[Music]
I am going to make a snow globe for a
doll using the small container from a
gumball machine small pom poms pipe
cleaners glitter thread a nail file Mod
Podge tweezers and glue I start by
opening the container from a gumball
machine if I take the lid flip it around
then it'll make an easy Dome shaped snow
globe but I want to change the bottom of
this snow globe using a nail file I
begin to sand the lid so that I can
paint it with craft paint allowing it to
dry between coats brush it with a
metallic silver or gold then a layer of
mod podge to seal it once dry I
carefully paint the top white and allow
it to dry glue together mini pom poms
using tweezers I glue on black glitter
for eyes and coal buttons glue on thread
for a scarf cover thread and glue and
allow it to dry to make arms and nose to
make a snowman trim the fuzz on a pipe
cleaner into a point then cut it off to
make small Pine trees apply glue to the
top of the cap glue on the snowman and a
few trees add a little bit of glue to
the trees while the glue is still wet
sprinkle it with glitter after it dries
glue on the top and you're done Happy
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Crafty
[Music]
these are the dolls from Disney's movie
Frozen which is a story about two
sisters one named Anna in search of the
other Elsa who has magical ice powers we
found these dolls at the Disney Store
with a list price of
$695 the back of the box has a picture
of the two sisters and they are
recommended for ages three and up out of
the box the girls stand about 11 and 1/2
in tall while the boys are 12 we have
seen similar dolls at Major retail
stores like Walmart and Target however
there is a difference from the dolls
found in those stores and the ones found
from the Disney Store like all of their
clothing being made of cloth rather than
being painted the guys can bend at the
elbow and have bend and snap knees their
hair is painted with a metallic shine
and they have details like faux leather
gloves and corduroy vests the sisters on
the other hand have more points of
articulation like jointed knees ankles
El elbows and wrist Elsa's dress has an
attached glittery tape and her hair is
sculpted into a feather-like style while
Anna has two braids a removable cape and
an awesome pair of boots if you prefer
these dolls on a smaller scale they also
come in a mini doll set for
$24.95 they stand about 6 in Tall
clothing that can be removed and bend
and snap knees but whatever the size
these dolls are sure to become a Disney
classic and that's our collection for
now happy
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
collecting
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
welcome welcome to the first annual Snow
Queen
pageant I am your host
navine and we want to give the shout out
to Ashley Hanley what is
up ooh a pageant Chloe you have to do
this with me a Snow Queen pageant I'm
really more of a summer kind of girl oh
come on it'll be fun I promise now move
those legs you've got to sign
up
[Music]
oh