hello good morning this is Ray from
healthy living with Ray I'm hoping that
you are enjoying those videos and are
using the information that have been
placed upon that YouTube so far today I
want to talk to you about making cabbage
there a lot of things that um people
like as side dishes and this is going to
be a Caribbean especially Jamaican style
um cabbage um cabbage is a very healthy
um what we call Vegetable it have
certain vitamins in there that is very
good for your digestive system very good
for your stomach it say vitamin U and
vitamin K which actually help your
digestive system it can help to heal
your stomach from hcer and all those
things that can cause your bodies to
actually get inflamed today I want to
show you the ingredients that I have and
how easy it is to make it take a few
minutes so right now we have green onion
which you have chopped in this container
we have about three stock of green onion
here we have tomatoes and I used the
small ones and i cho them very fine
they're running away and there you have
about six or eight small tomatoes in
here here we have a three three carrot
shredded and I have one maybe a 2 lb
cabbage that is shredded and
put together ready here here we have
some M chicken instant broth which is
just made from onion garlic powder we
have yeast flakes which is a good source
of Vitamin B we have here Adobo
seasoning we don't want the one with the
black pepper no sin inside of it and all
of these ingredients are in here we also
have I like to buy my onion powder and
my garlic powder in bulk and then I use
them and so I have onion powder a
teaspoon of onion powder 2 teaspoon of
garlic powder and a teaspoon of the M
chicken Nish and then I have 2 teaspoon
of the Adobe adobo Goya adobo um
seasoning so right here we have our
olive oil and I'm going to put in my pot
here that is heating
up turn on my stove and this is my spoon
that I use this will equal to about six
to 8
tablespoon of um olive oil olive oil is
one of the best oil you can use it's one
of the efas what we call the essential
fatty acid and one day I'm going to do
just a show on essential fatty acid and
how well it work in your body and why
it's important for us to have essential
fatty acid so as we do this first I'm
going to show in my scallion
then my
tomato my garlic
and and pepper I I didn't tell you about
the
pepper is one of the pepper that we use
called the habanera pepper it's very
spicy I I try to use things that are
spicy but not too spicy it's about a
half of the
haban what I I put it in there and let
it sauté a little
bit let it
sauté I keep add in I'm going to add my
carrot to
it and put it in
there and let it start a little bit
this smells so good and then I'm going
to add my
Chen just give it some more
flavor or you could modify this any way
you want to your particular taste
sometimes when I'm in the mood I just
put some carrot powder some coconut milk
and just make a nice sauce put it in
there and just make it nice and oh
Indian like that Indian flavor so now
I'm going to put handful at a time I'm
going to mix that
in you see the rare colors inside here
the carrots is good you get
your get your uh loin out of your carrot
think for your eye vitamins that you get
for your eye
cartine get all of these let all of it
in here and
here this is one of our Dutch oven gets
very hot so let me hold it and mix this
in we how it's taking on the color and
the now you can go as well as you wanted
if you could add your bell peppers you
could add anything that you want to it
and change the flavor
taking on the
[Music]
color now you could cover it and let it
simmer for a
while or you could just keep stirring it
until everything is just mixing most
people like your cabbage not to
cook I light man a little bit on the
softer side sometimes depends on what
I'm going to eat with it and I have and
theide there
some some fitter bread that I have
made this fitter bread will go very well
with
this and I will give you an another trip
another video how to make those pet
bread it's very simple um
Indians they love to
have love to have pet bread and of
course I happen to marry to a woman that
is mixed with Indian so I learned to do
the Indian style food see this is coming
on real good see everything is mixing
for most people this would be all that
you need but I'm going to get it a
little more tender so
that we can
have we can have what we
need here we are it is completed it's at
the desired tenderness that I like it
very
ente very good see how colorful this is
very healthy it have all the color is
the more colorful your food is is the
more nutrients you get from it the more
your body get to use up these nice um
enzymes that are in here some people
[Music]
are not getting enough enzyme in their
body so today I'm going to be talking
about protein
too so let
me turn this
off take out a little of this see nice
away and so this is how simple it is no
more than five 7even minutes to make
this and you can eat this as a side dish
you can eat it over rice you can eat it
over anything that you choose today I
made some Peter bread which I will show
you how to do as I mentioned before how
to do very easy very light not a lot of
ingredients and all you have to do is
just break a piece of it and take a
little bit of it and put it over
and
awesome this is simple eating is spicy
not too salty it just the way you should
eat it you know it doesn't have to take
a whole lot of things to get you healthy
all you have to do is to recognize that
health is your responsib responsibility
is all upon you to be healthy so
remember you have to stay healthy it is
your responsibility this is Ray until
next time have a healthy lifestyle
bye-bye