in turn
look what I pulled out that's right my
slow cooker my crock-pot
I love crock-pot recipes I should be
doing way more I should be doing so many
things more I should do more lazy man's
oh wait a minute this is a lazy man's
recipe it's lazy man's Piatt if you
didn't roll pious pie is is like I like
to call it the cousin of jambalaya it's
really good you could put shrimp in pea
pork and buy all that today we're doing
chicken and chorizo
in the pie yeah it's gonna be good take
a little - rice over vegetables a little
bit of love it's awesome and this is a
lazy man's version and lazy man's
version usually out of a can out of a
person bag kind of cut in corners
wherever we can because not all of us
have time but it's still gonna be
awesome so come on in close I'll show
you everything I got up front I got my
Peas they're thawed frozen peas it asks
for regular rice I couldn't find any so
I'm going to take a chance and go with
some long grain rice it's gonna cook a
little bit longer and then I got some
parsley I got some onion some lemon some
garlic salt and pepper smoked paprika
got the whole tomatoes chicken broth
this is an option always an option if
you pull the wine out of any of my
recipes it will still be absolutely
amazing this is a dry white wine here's
some chili so there's a little extra
virgin olive oil and over here in the
sink because it's kind of drippy is the
main attraction some chicken I haven't
had a chance to cut that up yet so I'm
going to everything prepared but this is
it this is pretty simple this is like in
everybody supermarket so let's get it
we're gonna prep it on the stove then
we're gonna slow-cook it medium-high
heat
throw a little over there one two three
that's good don't want any chicken on
top of each other so you're gonna move
the stuff around I got about two pounds
of it so come on out I'm gonna season it
little salt lots of black pepper love me
some black pepper now it's all golden
brown just throw it in the container and
carry it over carry it over the slow
cooker and throw this in the slow cooker
okay now with the oil that's left you go
throw the rice in there you're going to
brown that up a little bit about three
minutes gonna pick up all that freaking
everything in there it's beautiful
okay time to go do our business over at
the slow cooker so meet me at the table
and let's put this all together so first
thing we're to do is take the chicken
note that in there the rice dump that in
there tomatoes chicken broth wine juice
Oh onions garlic and a little more
paprika just for fun whoop then get your
spoon get it all mixed up
and if it looks like the liquid level is
a little low don't worry about it
we're gonna add a little bit more
chicken broth to this bring it up a
little bit because that rice is just
gonna boom it's gonna suck up all that
goodness so
okay now you're gonna cover it you're
going to cook this on high from one in
3/4 hours to two hours I'm going to full
hours because I'm using long grain rice
it's gonna need a little bit extra time
okay you ready take a look it's not done
just yet but I'm going to show you a
peek really quick ready
that last we've got to do is turn it off
I'm just gonna unplug it okay remember
the peas pour those in there with it off
you're going to throw the peas in you're
going to mix it all up oh it's so thick
and delicious and beautiful just going
to leave it leave the peas in there just
to get warm we don't want to cook them
they already cooked we're just trying to
get them warm ready to be served with oh
the smell the chorizo in there is
amazing the smoked paprika just busting
out this is so beautiful 10 minutes like
this and then we will serve it up there
it is lazy man's
paia and you would never know it all
right so let's just top it off right now
give it a little bit a little more green
a little bit of parsley and let's just
give it a little bit of goodness from
some citrus juice there you go ah
beautiful Wow I'm totally in shock no
lie I I don't want to touch this I just
want to put this on the table so I'm
gonna take my sample out of the
crock-pot
I just I'm totally blown away sometimes
I look at things and I mind it's a
regular guy right so sometimes I look at
things and I just can't believe I made
that I'm like like the beef bourguignon
video man I couldn't believe that so a
little that was that and there's no
spiciness in this No
maybe from city so that's about it it is
really warm though I meant hot really
hot oh man and right on the back of your
throat
Chetty so BAM right in your face it's
unbelievable great great dish
so give it a try I'll see on the next
episode take care
you