welcome back today on dialed in DIY I've
got some hot ideas to help you prepare
to repurpose your celebrations sometimes
the aftermath of a good time is a lot of
cleanup but guess what we can dial in
leftovers and come up with some great
projects today we're gonna make a couple
different bills using different fuels in
different wicks and see what we can burn
in today's celebration warm-up projects
we're actually gonna be using these
thick little glass bottles and rubbing
alcohol I want to give you a bunch of
options that you can choose from but for
this first build I'm gonna start with
this salted cotton fabric that I'm gonna
use as a wick making these is actually
really easy just get some warm water add
a whole bunch of salt until the salt
doesn't dissolve anymore or soak the
fabric in there then roll it up and let
it dry overnight until it's completely
dry it's gonna be a little bit crunchy
when you're done with it
so just soften it up a little bit by
crunching it up and you're ready to go
I'm taking the side out of an aluminum
can and I'm gonna use that to make a
wick holder at the top I'm gonna start
off by wrapping this small little piece
around a little screwdriver but you
could use a nail if you don't have a
thin barrel screwdriver like this to use
once we're done we're gonna actually
just wrap that around the top of the
wick and that's gonna help defer the
heat away from the bottle alcohol burns
a little hotter so I like just to keep
the flame a little farther away from the
glass in this particular version or
makin I'm also using the original camp
from the bottle but first you gotta take
that a little inset out because that's
kind of a plasticy material then I made
a hole on the top of that gap and we're
gonna run our wick right down through
that then we're gonna set that aluminum
sleeve into it as well once that's done
go back and find the edge of the
aluminum that you wrapped around the
wick and just kind of fan it out a
little bit this will end up keeping our
little wick holder from getting pushed
down inside the bottle or getting pulled
up out of the bottle once you're done
with this go back and just test the fit
with the cabinetry didn't bend it so
much that it won't slip down into there
once that's done we're gonna fill the
bottle about half way up with rubbing
alcohol once you have everything fully
reassembled shake it up a little bit and
make sure that you let your wick get
holy so with the fuel I get a little
impatient and start these things look
too quick sometimes and what ends up
happening is you don't
as much the fuelers should do the wicked
sell your wicks will last a lot longer
if your fuel is actually ready to be
burned and gumming up the wick yes these
projects can be quite a bit of fun and
what you make with them can be very
entertaining but please note this is
fire and you should be very very careful
anytime that you have an open flame if
you feel that you can't behave
responsibly while working on this
project or using the results of the
project please make sure that you have
some responsible supervision handy as
you can see we've moved into the cooking
oil fuel version of this particular
video and were can experiment with some
different wigs I've used fiberglass
insulation is a wicking agent inside of
some of my other projects before like
those camping stoves so I thought I'd
give it a shot here as well I'm just
gonna cut out a little piece of aluminum
from the side of that can to use as a
wick stopping agent at the top of the
bottle basically all I'm doing is
cutting out a little rectangle bending
it around the top of the bottle and
cutting out that notch in the middle so
that will hold the wick in place then
let's go back and fill it about 1/2 way
up with some used cooking oil put the
wick down inside and then slide on our
little holder just like before it's
important that we wait until the wick is
fully soaked and just like before I got
impatient and I didn't wait as long as I
probably should have either way made it
up and it still works great I typically
do like using cooking oil better than
rubbing alcohol for a simple candle or
lamp because it's a little bit more safe
to use
won't burn quite as hot and if it tips
over the oil itself isn't as likely to
burn it still could catch something on
fire but unlike the rubbing alcohol it's
not gonna spread the flame quite as
quick just to make sure I've covered all
the bases I also want to show you what
it's like to use a salted cotton cloth
wick inside the oil as well the cotton
cloth does a really good job of keeping
the oil flowing quickly and easily so
that you're really burning more of the
oil and less of the wick itself your
wicks will tend to last longer and
you'll have a more consistent light this
way I like it you can use these as
candles on a table inside outside or set
some up as little mini tiki torches they
work great and they can be fun part of
your celebration over the years I've had
a lot of fun experimenting with
different kinds of burners candles lamps
and more so if you're looking for some
more projects hey check out my video
links in the description below
or perhaps you're looking for some way
to make some extra noise to ramp up your
celebration guess what I've got you
covered there too
check out the links for some great loud
air horns that you can make out of other
repurposed materials thank you for
watching
please press like and then subscribe
there will be more dialed-in
DIY to come