hey everybody this is Tim from the
tapware boys from tapware boys.com and
today I'm going to show you our mandolin
and this is um a slicer a dicer and all
kinds of things so let me show you what
this is all about it comes with the uh
straight blade here and it also comes
with an attachment that you can pull out
from underneath which has the wedge
attachment so you can make waffle slices
or crisscross slices as well so I'm
going to show you both of those um I'm
also going to be using our silicone
baking mat we're going to be making some
potato chips today and we're going to be
using regular potatoes and putting them
in the oven now the silicone baking mat
is great because it's not going to stick
to it it's also not going to allow the
uh whatever you're cooking to stick to
your pan so you're going to have nice
clean baking items um so we're going to
use that for um our potato chips today
all right so if you look on the side
here the side knob here has a dial so
that you can raise or lower the platform
so that you can um determine what size
of the wedges that you were or slices
that you were wanting to make um so as
you can see it's on the zero or lock
position as I move that up you can see
the level is Raising so I can make make
the slices as big or as skinny as that I
want them to make um so let me just put
them on a let's do a three and that will
give us a nice size Little Slice there
um also there is a lock button here and
you can either raise that or lower that
to a um a six which brings up the
smaller grooves or a nine which brings
up the wider grooves now these are also
blades and they can be used for dicing
your products so it makes a great hash
browns or anything else that you want to
dice up you know celery carrots anything
like that so we're going to make that
back to the flat so that we're going
going to use the flat blade and we're
going to make some slices here I'm going
to show you some uh lemons first uh so
let's go ahead and show you what we have
with
this we're going to be using I have uh
some lemons here that I've taken out of
the refrigerator and this is our fridge
smart now the fridge smart system is
something that's going to keep your
fruits and vegetables up to 4 to 6 weeks
depending on which product you're uh
using which vegetable or fruit um on the
front here there is a little uh graph
that tells you what fruits are breathers
at what different levels so for instance
a broccoli is a high breather so the
broccoli are going to need a high level
um there is a dial in the front so you
mark that onto the high there's also
items like strawberries or celery that
are no breathers or very low breathers
so you want to put those in the low and
there's also items from the middle too
that you want to Mark um so that they
are breathing at the right consistency
um also on the inside these have been
redesigned so they have pools in the
bottom so they actually are collecting
any moisture um water or moisture is
what starts the Decay process so you
want to make sure to store your fruits
and vegetables dry and dirty so you put
them in there select the proper level
that you're going to put uh in your
refrigerator and then they all stack on
top of each other so the air is
available to breathe all the way around
it so I'm going to um and this is the
medium deep um this one is the medium
I'm sorry the small shallow dish all
right let's go ahead and slice up some
lemons using our mandolin so I'm going
to go ahead and take a I have a couple
of lemons here so I'm going to take one
of these and you always want to use the
Guard the guard is going to protect you
from cutting your fingers so you always
want to use the guard um so that you're
not slicing your fingers instead of the
fruit so um you want to go ahead and
stick that in there's prongs in here if
it's a larger fruit there's also prongs
the outside so it's going to grab onto
whatever you're slicing so we're just
going to put this in here you'll notice
the top of it raises up and then I'm
going to just slice down and uh make
some great slices so let me show you how
that works so I'm going to go ahead and
grab onto the edge here the end has a
little handle so you can hang on to it
and let me go ahead and hang on to that
I'm just going to go ahead and hold on
firmly and slice right over the blade
and as you can see it fell off the
bottom so I'm just going to make this uh
several smooth movements and make
several slices
[Applause]
here I'm also pushing down on the red
button that is pushing the fruit down so
that I'm going to get even slices every
time all right so that is
perfectly sliced
lemons so I'm going to go ahead and put
those in my lemon keeper
here all right so let me go ahead and
show you how thinly we can
do
potatoes all right so now let's go ahead
and make some uh hash browns so with
that we're going to dice up a potato you
can also dice onions with this or
anything else and it makes the perfect
little cubes so what I've done is I've
moved the um Center blades up to a
number six so it's going to be the small
blades and I've moved this over to the
number six so it's going to be the uh
the second to lowest um slice as well so
let me go ahead and show you how to do
this um so with the dicing you're going
to slide up which slides up the blade
you're going to turn it and then slice
down
slide
up turn and slide down just like this go
up turn and slide
down go up turn and slide
down and as you can see I have perfectly
cubed potatoes and that will be great
for making a hash brown um if you wanted
to dice an onion that is just perfect
looking
gives the perfect little uh cubed um
every single time so let me just move
the blade up to the higher level so you
can see what the higher blade looks
like and then this is a bigger chunks so
you have the bigger chunks or the
smaller chunks whichever you prefer so
it makes both of those great for onions
great for celery if you're making it for
a chopped salad um all kinds of you know
carrots whatever you want to chop and
slice so this is a great tool for that
all right so let me show you how to make
some french fries so we have uh the
blades set on the smaller blade um which
we are going to use to make the french
fries um just take the potato and PR it
put it sideways so we're going to use
the long long part of it so because we
want the long french fries um so let's
go ahead and just hold on to the handle
hold down on the red button and then
we're going to slice just like we did
with the
slices and as you can see we have some
great looking potato french fried
potatoes so you can either fry those are
baking bake those on the silicone baking
mat you can also turn up the dial so
that it's using the larger blades and
that way it will be uh larger size but
um this is the perfect little size for a
french fry about the size of McDonald's
french fries let's go ahead and change
blades and use the waffle blade so that
we can show you how the waffle function
Works um the blades just pop right out
so you just pop
out and pop in the new one
and then we're going to make sure the
center blade is at a zero so there's no
Center blade and the waffle is um let's
do a uh let's do maybe a two um to make
some thin cut waffle chips um so we're
also going to take the
potato and let me just get couple of
these started
here so if you want just plain uh ridged
like Ruffles type potatoes potato chips
you can use that
function or if you want to do the twist
motion so you do down and then turn and
down again and turn and just keep
turning you are going to get a waffle
effect so as you can see it's now
cut so let me go ahead and
um let's take this blade off and we're
just going to make some regular o potato
chips so let's go ahead and put the
regular blade back
in and let's turn this up to maybe a
three so we get some nice thin potato
chips and let me just go ahead and mix
several slices here
all right so let's see what these look
like so those are still pretty thick but
uh we're going to go ahead and use these
anyway so um let me go ahead and make
some more potato chips uh but let's make
them a little bit thinner all right now
I'm going to move the blade down uh to a
number one um that way we can have have
some very thin sliced uh potatoes for
our chips so let me go ahead and put the
potato in the
gard and just make some uh very th thin
slices
[Applause]
here all right so look at this look at
all these slices that we've gotten so we
got all kinds of potato chips and we are
now ready to to um start separating
these out for some potato chips all
right so I've kind of uh spread out all
of the potato chips on the silicone
baking mat on top of a cookie sheet so
that they're not going to stick um what
I'm going to also do is pour some um
some olive oil over the top of them so
it gives them a little bit extra baking
uh ability um now this is our counter
Escape so these are also available in
our catalogs great for oil and vinegar
and they sit right on your counter um so
let me go ahead and drizzle a little bit
of oil
here and then I'm going to take our
classic salt and pepper shakers and take
some of this salt and just lightly salt
over the
top all right and then I'm going to go
ahead and stick these in the oven and
we'll see how they turn
out all right the potato chips have just
come out of the oven uh and now I'm
going to put in the batch of french
fries so this is going to go in next but
let me just show you what the potato
chips look like um they look nice and
and baked and they are
delicious tastes good to me so I hope
you stick around for my next video and
like my son Tyler always says like
comment and subscribe see you next time
bye