in this video we're going to do an
unboxing of a GE 70 pint dehumidifier
and this is normally something I
wouldn't do on this channel cuz it's
more of an appliance as opposed to a
tech Gadget but this thing cost me
$286 so I thought why not let's share it
on my channel so let's get to
it so I'm going to try and make this
video as quick as possible because again
it really doesn't fall into the gadget
category of my channel here but if you
follow my channel you might know that I
have an old Victorian house and one of
the things that goes along with that
house is a basement that really was
never built to be watertight and it
hasn't been updated in many many years
so I run a dehumidifier down there to
keep things as dry as possible well as
luck would have it my dehumidifier died
on me in the middle of summer and
apparently that's when
dehumidifiers are popular just like air
conditioners and actually a dehumidifier
is basically an air conditioner without
the fan and without the exhaust there's
a coil system in there that condenses
the water in the air and then it drains
out the water and it basically pulls the
water out of the air but we're not going
to get too in-depth on this like I said
I just want to unbox this see what it's
like again this thing cost me $286
at Home Depot it was hard to track down
I had to track it down at four different
stores I originally ordered it at one
Home Depo and they canceled my order so
I had to track it down and drive all
over the place so it was kind of a pain
in the butt to get it but now it's in my
house here and in case you're wondering
the 70 pints what that means is that it
will drain 70 pints of water out of the
air every 24 hours assuming that there
is that much water in the air now the
reservoir on this is a lot less than 70
PS as you would imagine so you have to
empty it out one way or another you can
actually empty it out manually or you
can attach a hose to it I'm going to be
attaching a hose to it cuz I don't want
to be bothered by it so let me grab my
trusty cutter here and hopefully not
scare my cat too much and let's get
these straps off of here
so I could definitely think of a million
different things I want to do with $270
or $286 that is it was actually 269 and
then with tax it was
286 but I could think of a whole lot of
things I'd rather do with that money but
I do want to have a dry basement too so
the first thing we see here in the
box
is power cord and it's taped onto the
styrofoam here
let's pull that out get this out of the
way and it should be pretty
straightforward it's actually a lot more
modern than the dehumidifier I have down
there now the dehumidifier I have in the
house came with the house and it's got
to be probably 30 years old or something
crazy like that so it's fairly heavy
here let's pull it
out and it's pretty straightforward
that's what's in the box the
dehumidifier
of course you have documentation here
I'll consult that if I need
it and it's actually on casters so it
rolls around so you don't have to lift
it and let's see if you can get a good
look at this thing
here pretty plain looking made by GE the
reason I bought this one as opposed to
all the different ones on the market was
number one the capacity
and number two GE came the highest rated
from actual owners of the device on the
Home Depot site it was ranked four and 1
half stars out of five stars out of
people who actually own it so that was
actually very helpful to me in choosing
this actual uh dehumidifier you could
get some that were cheaper you could get
some that were smaller but uh I had to
bite the bullet and go with this one so
this is a reservoir down here and it's
actually taped
in and this is
a nice looking little device I mean it's
not fancy or anything but it does look
nice and new and I'm going to hate to
actually put it down in my gross
basement but that's what I bought it
for so this down
here is the
reservoir and I apologize for those
motorcycle sounds outside I have the
window open probably should have the AC
on but I actually just got home
today so let's get all this tape off of
here then you have the power cord over
here it looks like it's about 6 ft
long let's get it out of the plastic
here so there we go it's probably about
6 ft maybe 5T going to be definitely
long enough for where I'm going to put
it on the back here it's pretty plain
just sort of a uh semi
gloss uh kind of grayish light light
light gray plastic and of course you
have some screw holes in here if you
ever had to take it apart but you have
your important information here your
power cord on this side pretty much
nothing except a handle to pull the
reservoir out up front here is probably
either an intake or an outtake air it's
going to if you're not familiar it's
just a very easy process it's going to
pull air in shoot it out one way I don't
know if it pulls it in here and shoots
it out here or vice versa but uh as you
can see here there's vents here on top
and vents here so what it's going to do
it's going to pull in one way and out
the other depending on which way it goes
it's going to pass the air over some
coils and those coils will cool down the
air and uh extract the the water out of
the air condense the water out of the
air on this side it's pretty clean
except you have this thing here
which I don't know if that's some sort
of uh extraction for the the water you
can attach a hose to this I'm going to
have to uh get a little bit more in
depth on it uh let's see if we can pull
the reservoir out
here
okay that's what it looks like there and
I guess you just it's sort of like a
bucket and uh you can pour out the water
it has a little stopper here so a float
so when the water gets high enough in
here it'll kick off the machine so it
won't condense and it won't overflow it
won't continue to condense and it won't
overflow and then you can empty this
[Music]
out slides in pretty easily
okay I just checked the instruction
booklet so I could be informed while I'm
telling you what's going on here with
this thing up here you have your control
panel which is pretty obvious which is
sort of a silver color with blue accents
and the first button here is a delay off
button and that allows you to run this
for either 4 hours or 2 hours and then
it will shut itself off you can actually
run it other ways but that's just one
way you can run this dehumidifier the
next selection here is fan speed you
have high medium and low obviously low
would be the quietest and high would be
the loudest I'm probably going to try it
at medium but we'll see the next
selection here is humidity percentage
and that allows you to control the
actual percentage of humidity in the air
of wherever you're going to run this
thing so supposedly this indicator here
cuz there's a display here where it's
dark uh it will tell you two things
it'll tell you the actual relative
humidity of where you actually have this
thing and it allows you to put a range
in so you could say anywhere from let's
say I don't know I'll probably run it
from I don't know 30 to 50% humidity and
it will keep or attempt to keep your
room at that range the next area here
you have a couple of LEDs you have a
continuous light that's if you just run
this continuously so again you can use
it on an hourly basis a 2hour or a 4 4
hour and then it will shut off you can
run it at the humidity levels you want
and it'll kick on and turn off whenever
it needs to or you can just continuously
run this thing and that will tell you if
you have that light running that means
this thing will continuously run down
here it says clean the filter every 250
hours you have to clean the filter
that's behind here we'll look at that in
a
second uh you do that with a detergent
and then you replace it and then you hit
this button filter timer and that will
reset your 250 hours over here you have
your power button you have your power
light on here and your bucket full light
here so when the reservoir fills up your
light will kick on there now down here I
don't know if you can see it here but
there's a little window here and there's
a little red ball in there so that's a
float so that'll actually tell you how
high the water is in here and of course
the machine will shut off when the water
level reaches the top but that way you
can just by glancing at it tell how much
water is in the device here so let's
pull this thing
open and the filter is right here I
don't know if you can see it here yeah I
think I got it framed out that's the
filter looks like a regular air
conditioning
filter and I don't really necessarily
need it because I'm not necessarily
concerned with the air quality in my
basement because the only time I go down
there is to do my laundry and it's in
contained washer and dryer respectively
but I will keep this clean but again it
looks like a regular air conditioner
filter but that's where it's located and
then you can attach which is what I'm
going to do I'm not even going to worry
about the reservoir here I'm going to
attach a garden hose to this so let's
see if I can show you here I'll to tip
it back
I don't know if you can see here but
there's a regular
threaded area this is where the water is
going to come out here so you can use a
regular garden hose this is threaded it
is plastic so you got to be careful with
that that you don't break it but you can
just put a regular water hose on there
garden hose and then feed it right out
or actually you would put it in through
here and then feed that to a drain
wherever you might have it in my case I
have a sump pump in my basement so I'm
just going to feed it to that and that's
basically the setup I have uh currently
with my current dead dehumidifier that
this one's
replacing so that's going to do it for
this video and again it's a little bit
of a departure for uh you know normally
what this channel is all about but I
thought again you know this thing cost
me a chunk of money so why not share it
with you guys
so that's going to do it for this video
if you have any questions or comments
please post them down below if you like
what you see Please Subscribe and as
always if you want to help out my
channel give me a thumbs up or favorite
this video so thanks so much for
watching and I'll see you guys next time
he