all right starting out with we love the
recipes and today I want to show you how
to make an apple pie in a new wave oven
and this recipe will also work for any
type of fruit pie so if you want to do a
cherry pie strawberry pie peach pie
bumble berry pie raspberry pie fig pie
Rome bog pie blackberry pie or blueberry
pie this same recipe will work for you
so check this out
okay so the ingredients for this recipe
are I've got two pie crusts if you're
into makin pie crust from scratch you
can figure that out yourself I'm sure
mm-hmm I've got some apple pie filling
basically depending on the type of fruit
pie you want to do you just change the
pie filling I've got some flour here and
I'm also going to be using some cinnamon
for this apple pie just to give it a
nice little cinnamon flavor and that
makes a nice little cinnamon smell in
the house with the apple pie smells
great so I'll be using a little of that
okay so I'm going to take my first pie
crust and get it rolled out here I've
just got some foil laid down I'm going
to do it and then late roll it out and
then I'm going to put some flour on both
sides that was just to kind of dust it
with some flour then you can use regular
flour or you can use whole wheat flour
he just know how to use that I'm used to
either war turns out the exactly the
same no matter which type of flour you
choose to use I'm sure if you're one who
has other homes of flour than the ones
that mentioned they likely will work
just as well alright so just give this
dusting flour don't want put too much
it's just it's going to help things not
stick to the bottom of our pie pan here
so just putting it into the pie pan the
way that anymore and putting it into the
pipe and you got make sure you press the
blade sure thing and get beat and well
into your pot pan if you wanted to make
latches and kind of get away with just
using one pie crust if you got this
perfectly centered in your pan and then
kind of pull the edges off you could use
those edges that you pull off as counter
your latches and kind of get away with
just one pie crust to use or you could
take the other pie crust and slice that
to make your latches I'm just going to
trim the edges off I won't be using the
XS for this pie I'm just going to be
taking me top high crust and putting it
over the top I'm not going to be making
latches this video is not about making
latches it's about I'll make the pie in
a new wave of a nurse is conventional
but I will be as I talk through this
recipe and what I'm doing talk through
differences at points where you would do
lapses differently so definite pie crust
off of there and the edges off of pie
crust now I'm going to pour in my pie
filling and as I mentioned if you wanted
to do a blueberry pie will be blueberry
pie filling or whatever pine this is you
take a little something to help alright
just spread my apple pies snowing out
here evenly make it nice and smooth
all right now this is where our cinnamon
comes into play and then I just open my
set it up just give myself the best pain
hope I don't shake too much but this is
really to your personal taste will that
was too much all right so where I squirt
a little too much on the edge I'm just
going to kind of scrape that in and as I
mix it up that'll make up the difference
in other areas and work out just fine I
just mix it in mix it around because
cinnamon is some strong stuff and I've
even seen some people doing things on
YouTube that you should be doing with
cinnamon like trying to eat a teaspoon
of cinnamon or something insane like
that do not do that not safe enough you
like very bad sometimes some strong
stuff
all right so got our cinnamon stir it
into a pie crust of course if you were
doing a different type of pine you
didn't y7 and you wouldn't have to worry
about that step there now I've got my
top pie crust and then lay it out these
are going to unroll it and put it over
the top of course if you were just doing
latches you would need to cut up your
latches if you want to use a tough pie
crust for latches and then you'd have to
neatly spread your latches over let this
game up pie crust rolled out I almost
feel like a make up pizza pie so I'll
just put this over top and I'm just
going to tuck this edge up under thee
I'm trying to tuck the edges of the top
pie crust underneath that small bit of
the edge of the lower pod crust just to
kind of tuck it in there and if you
wanted to use like a fork or something
you could make some nice Ridge edges on
your pie crust all basically based on
your personal preference
almost got the ends of this crest up
under there my gloves are feeling kind
of sticky I think I'm going to go a
little high feeling home one couple of
my fingers
alright think like that things fold it
under pretty good there
and if you were able to make a prettier
pie than me you're not allowed to make
fun of this pot all right I think I've
got everything pretty good tucked under
there
it's feeling kind of good there now let
me take the fork and we poke holes into
the upper pie crust it needs to vent you
may have seen some pie crusts in the
stores and just put a big hole in the
middle to try and give it some venting
but I just poke holes in and do a good
bit of holes to try and give it some
good venting or you can make that big
hole in the middle or depending on how
you want your pie look you know if
you're one who doesn't want to poke
holes and you're all over your pie you
can make that hole in the middle type of
thing and let it drift through a hole in
the middle all right so I've poked it up
pretty good
now comes a new way of loving into the
game how about the one-inch rack the
lower rack there I'm putting my pie on
that 1 inch rack and now I'll get my
thumb's off I can't get the dome on go
put that down here and let me adjust the
camera just like bit so you can see the
top a little better we're gonna do a
hook
20 minutes and start gonna let that cook
for 20 minutes and bring you back after
20 minutes there's some more steps to do
after that 20 minutes and there's also
some steps in particular for those who
do laches it do things a little
differently but I'll bring you back and
discuss all that in 20 minutes
alright that first 20 minutes has passed
so I'm going to take the lid off and as
you can see my images are starting to
get a little brown so to keep those from
getting over brown or overdone during
the rest of this cook I've got some
strips of foil that I've made and I
can't do this with a latex gloves then
we'll be probably melting on here it's
very hot you just gotta try and hold
down those head just you put that around
the edges here
so you take one more I will say this is
my least favorite part because appliance
so hot having to put a swell around that
is kind of touchy you got to make sure
you make it kind of tight because that
family new wave will cause that foil to
fly around if it's not well secured
it'll catch a thief and you'll see foil
flying in the oven which is if you pull
then you can't use fall out a new wave
oven for those who were wondering
perfectly safe
you leave evidence foil safe so I think
I've got these in pretty good now if you
were doing lashes you would do the same
to come just the edges like I'm doing
with foil so I'm gonna put the lid back
on and I will say for you who do latches
you want to be 15 minutes I'm gonna do
another 20 minutes because I have the
full top pie crust cook time
20 I'll hit start and I will mention
that this is at high power which is 350
degrees we'll come back in another 20
minutes and then we'll see what we have
and we'll have to give it a little
moment to cool before our taste test
last 20 minutes are up I'm going to take
the lid off here so we can see what we
have
and there's our completed apple pie I'm
just going to carefully remove that oil
from the edges and get a good look at
the whole pie and there you have it a
complete apple pie so I'm going to take
this and just to kind of get it off of
the heat a little bit I'm going to put
it over here on this other rack that I
have to just let it cool just take it
out and set it there and so I'm just
going to let it sit there for me about
20-30 minutes just you know let it cool
down whenever I feel it's cool enough to
taste and we'll have our taste test so
I'll bring you back
okay it's been about a bit 30 minutes or
so so I'm hoping that this is safe to
trenny without burning myself so just
going to use my pie slice in here just
try and shop in there just feel warm on
the edge and then hold it here not hot
if I can get in there nicely very flaky
crust all right yeah look at that
there you go I'm going to point it I'm
going to adjust camera for taste testing
all right so here's our pie we can taste
this time
still a bit hot but good apple pie so if
you want to hear with 30 minutes and
then try and eat it can still be a bit
warm a little hot but it's good good
flaky taste a little bit cinnamon in
there so this is a winner if you liked
this video give it a thumbs up you can
share with your friends subscribe to the
channel and good game