hi everybody this is Judy out Judy in
the kitchen this is part two on my video
series on how to cook rice in the crock
pot and today I'm going to be testing
the increase in recipe on my original
video where I cooked 1 cup of rice 2
with 2 cups of water for 2 hours on high
in the crock pot today I'm going to
increase that recipe and we're going to
test it out and see how well it works
and how long it takes alright for anyone
who has not seen the part 1 video on
this I'll put a link below so that you
can see how the two tied together I'm
going to follow the same method I did
before this is just a very small pot of
butter and I'm going to rub this on the
inside of the crock pot and that's just
just for the sake of helping to keep the
rice from sticking to the sides which it
does have a tendency to do when you cook
it in the crock pot it's not mandatory
that you do this it also helps on the
flavor a little bit you could spray it
with a nonstick spray if you want but I
prefer to use the butter over that you
can see I'm not doing a wonderful job of
it I'm just breaking it up into chunks
it's going to melt along the way anyway
but it does help to coat the inside of
the crock pot alright so now I have 2
cups and this is long grain brown rice
it won't matter what kind of brown rice
you're using could be short grain as
well they both cook up the same so this
is brown rice long grain 2 cups and it
has been rinsed ok so now I'm gonna add
3 and well first I want to add me on
that I want to sprinkle a little bit of
salt on this just a little bit of pink
Himalayan sea salt not really a whole
lot what not really a whole lot put a
little bit in there and now I'm going to
put three and a half cups of filtered
tap water on this
and then I'm going to cover it put it on
high and monitor to see how long it
takes for this to cook and I'll show you
the results when it's finished and let
you know how long it took this rice
looks wonderful it came out very well
all the water has been absorbed it's
been two hours and about 23 minutes
right right the road I've tied it to the
minute there so I would say two hours
and twenty minutes to two twenty nine
seven two hours and twenty minutes is
probably plenty and I'm going to taste
it as far as I'm concerned the texture
it's just right it's not mushing and you
can see I'm not gonna put the spoon back
in there you can see it's very fluffy
and it's just right so I think we've
nailed it and again to review it was two
cups of brown rice any variety three and
a half cups of water rub the butter
around the crock pot and that's optional
a little bit of salt that's optional and
plug it in and put it on high for 2
hours and 20 minutes and you've got some
wonderful rights and I'm going to say
this is going to since its doubled we're
probably having about 6 cups of rice
here I will put this recipe in the
description box below for anybody who
needs it and I sure hope this has helped
this is shown how to increase the recipe
from the video with part 1 on how to
cook brown rice in crock pot and I sure
hope this helps it helped to clarify it
for me as well this is Judy at Judy in
the kitchen have a great day