the sephra select chocolate fountain
Package Place one bag of sephra
chocolate melts in the microwave for 1
minute at 50% power and Press
Start knead the bag in between the
melting cycles and be sure not to open
or puncture your bag BPA free and
microwavable safe packaging you will
repeat this process until the melts are
completely liquid which will usually
require a total of 4 minutes your
melting Times May
Vary quick Pro assembly set the select
Basin on your table plug the unit in
join the top and bottom cylinders join
the notches and seat the cylinder over
the three pins located in the bottom of
the bowl lower the gray augur into the
cylinder turn the heating element on
after melting the chocolate cut the
corner off the bag and pour the
chocolate into the
Basin add the two tiers and around and
you are ready to start your
fountain Pro tips when you start your
fountain you should have a complete
curtain of chocolate falling from the
tear if it doesn't look correct turn
your fountain off for 5 to 10 seconds
the chocolate should recede back down
into the cylinder and a few air bubbles
should pop out this is called burping
The Fountain and it allows a full flow
of chocolate through the cylinder so
your chocolate fountain will Cascade
perfectly for more instructional videos
please visit seph's YouTube channel