hello everyone today is April 4th so
we're learning about D dying today so
we're here in my laundry room and we're
going to learn a little bit about dyeing
some linen fabrics since that's the next
project I have coming up now dyeing is
really easy especially in your washing
machine it's not that hard and it's not
that messy so you just need a few simple
things first off bleach for cleanup if
you're paranoid about getting dye
anywhere bleach is the best thing next
you're going to need some dye today
we're going to be using a mixture of Rit
dye in kelly green dylon in tropical
grain and dharma fiber reactive in new
emerald green now we're using a mix
because linen is really hard to dye and
even harder to dye in the correct color
so I've tested it in this mix it just
gives me the best green that I'm looking
for you're going to need some kind of
dye and scent free detergent I have this
that's called sinter Paul it's a
commercial dyeing detergent but you can
use any of the baby safe dye free scent
free detergents out there and you'll
also need an old rag I have this
washcloth that I use but you can use
anything you don't mind bleaching okay
the first step is your fabric you need
to wash it with your detergent that is
dye and scent-free
this gets any finishes or grime off of
it so that you have a clean canvas to
work with if you don't do this your
fabric can spot and you also want to
leave it wet so just take it out of the
machine set it aside then you fill your
machine up with the hottest water you
have if you live alone or with adults
who can understand turn up the water
heater tell everybody in the house warn
them I'm turning up the water heater
water is going to get hot but if you can
do that the hottest water your machine
can stay
and is really the best thing to die with
next after we filled it up I'm going to
be putting my dye in a measuring cup
that is clearly marked dye because we
never want to eat out of something we
died with but if you're using dylon or
RIT you can just pour it straight into
the machine which we're going to start
out with doing I'm shaking my rig and
because it's a liquid I'm just going to
pour it straight into the Michigan
tissue and I like putting some extra
water in the rich shaking it up because
R it kind of concentrates at the bottom
next up we're going to mix our powders I
have the dial on I put a little bit of
water you can see into my measuring cup
and I'm just pouring the dye in always
put powder into water not water into
powder because you'll get poof-poof
up when you put water on to die and you
don't want to breathe this stuff it is a
chemical so as little you can breathe of
it as possible next I'm doing my new
emerald green I'm just taking a heaping
spoonful heaping spoonful and a levelled
spoonful what I did for my test is I
measured this out in a little bit and
now I'm estimating based on the capacity
of my washing machine the gallons that
it holds so now I'm mixing that up the
point is to get this dye evenly
dispersed all of the little powder bits
dissolved so that it will evenly
dispersed in my washing machine
there we go
see so now I'm going to pour it in I
always try to pour evenly and of course
rinse my my cup out so that as much guy
as possible gets into Michigan there we
go now I'm going to close my machine and
let it a date for a little bit so that
it can mix all those dyes together with
the water and I'm also going to add a
little bit of my detergent as well
that's a wetting agent what that does is
it helps the dye get to the fabric and
stick so I'm going to let this agitate
for a little bit and then we'll be back
there we go our dye has agitated it's
pretty well dispersed you can tell so
what I'm going to do is I'm going to add
the fabric now you want to do this as
quickly and evenly as possible with this
piece of fabric it's not that big so
it's not that hard but with larger
pieces of fabric you want to get it in
there as fast as possible but without
any twists or turns to it next I'm going
to close and let this agitate so that
the dye can get eat to all the parts of
the fabric that are above water right
now
there we go you can see all the fabric
is submerged so I know that it's dying
what I'm going to do is I put this on
the heavy load so it has lots and lots
of agitation and I'm just going to
alternate 5 minutes of letting it sit
with 2 minutes of agitation so that the
fabric keeps moving around but I get a
really long soak
so each fabric is different linen I like
five to two soaks I like two to five
something like cotton I usually do even
so it depends on your fabric and how
fast it dies but with this linen like I
said we're going to be doing five
minutes of sitting to two minutes off of
not sitting of agitating and we'll let
it go and see what happens so here we
are my fabric has agitated and then I
let it spin
rinse and finish its cycle so now you
can see there's green all over my washer
but my fabric is also green it's very
nice color
first off I'm going to wash this again
there's probably a lot of dye even
though I rinsed it out there's probably
a lot of dye left in the fabric so once
again I'm going to use my detergent I'm
going to run another cycle this will
also help to clean out my machine
somewhat so I'm going to run another
cycle and then we'll be back again all
right we're done with our wash cycle as
you can see my fabrics a very pretty
color green it's exactly what I was
looking for so I'm very happy I'm going
to take this out now and I'm going to
dry it in the dryer and next thing I'm
going to do is clean the washers you can
see it's dyed green and it's got little
spots all over it what I'm going to do
is I'm going to run a full load with
just bleach and my rag so I'm going to
start that and I'll be back in a minute
now that my machine has agitated for a
while you can see that it's already
started the bleach has already started
to take some of the stuff off the fins
however we need get rid of all this
stuff
around in here that the bleach didn't
doesn't reach yet so I'm going to take
my rag just dip it in the bleachy water
and I'm run it over every part of my
machine that has color on it now I like
to say that I have one of the cleanest
machines around because you know after
doing this monthly your machine is
incredibly clean be sure and get the
underside of the fins like this if you
don't want to touch the bleach water be
sure and wear gloves I don't mind what
some people do
there we go I'm also going to be doing
under the lid under the rim like this
because some of your dials caught up in
there so pretty much be sure and get
everywhere you can see color and all the
places you can't see but can reach go
around answer my oisin innocent bleachy
tray which by the way I never use cuz
you never know when bleach is going to
come out on stuff you want don't want
bleach hate the bleach tray and there we
go with it I'm going to let this
continue washing while I'm while it's
washing it's going to wash on my rag and
I have a perfectly clean washer and
there we go we have a lovely dyed piece
of fabric and we have a clean washer so
I hope you enjoyed this and I hope you
stop by for tomorrow tomorrow's e so
we're going to be doing I would sand
grommets and what the difference is so
thank you for watching this video see
you tomorrow