this homemade pita bread is super easy
to make they are so soft and tender
they are chewy they are so tasty and the
recipe is very straightforward all that
we need are some flour and water and a
little bit of salt and oil to add more
taste and yeast as a leavening agent. So
let's see how to make these wonderful
pita breads at home
so let's start by activating the dried
yeast.Yeast always need a sweet and warm
environment to bloom up so here in a
bowl I have taken 1 cup of warm water
into which I have added a 1 tbsp of
sugar and 1/2 a teaspoon of active dried
yeast and then stir them well until they
 dissolved completely and keep it
aside for the yeast to get activated. In
another bowl take a 400 grams of flour
here I have taken 300 grams of plain
flour and hundred grams of whole wheat
flour. am adding 1 TSP of salt and 2
tablespoons of olive oil and now we are
adding the activated yeast mixture
and then we need to mix them together
with the help of wooden spoon
until we get a shaggy mass of dough.
Here I have added two more tablespoons
of water; in this recipe we need not to
be very strict on the measurements the
dough may be little sticky that's okay
but if it is too sticky we can add
little more flour and if it is too tough
we can add little more water and the
point is that after kneading for six to
eight minutes our dough should be soft
and supple and elastic enough to
withstand all of the stretching and
puffing. The softer the dough the
more softer and tastier our pita bread
will be now our dough is ready and
lightly oil a clean bowl and place
the dough inside it and lightly coat it
with some oil and then cover it with a
plastic wrap and now our dough is ready
for the first proofing so let them rest
in a warm environment for one and a half
to two hours or until they have doubled
in size I usually keep it in the oven
light and now our dough has risen well
and what we need to do now is to gently
deflate or degas the dough and turn it
on to a lightly floured work surface and
let's give them a little shape so that
we can divide them into equal pieces
 
and then shape each small portions into
small balls
 
and roll each ball into a circle which
is approximately six inches in diameter
and not more than 1/4 of an inch
thickness
and place their dough disks on a lightly
floured surface or onto a parchment
paper and cover it with a damp cloth
so after this a final shaping we need to
let them rest for about thirty minutes
or until they puff and rise slightly and
they gain their shape
you
so now let's take them to the stove top
for the final step lay a rolled pita on
the hot skillet and bake for 30 seconds
until we see bubbles starting to form
and then flip and cook for one to two
minutes on the other side then flip
again and cook for another 1 to 2
minutes the pita as it should start puff
up during this time and if it doesn't or
if only small pockets formed we can help
them by pressing the surface of the pita
a bit is one puff up if our skillet is
not hard enough so make sure that the
skillet is hot enough and keep the
cooked pita breads covered in a dry towel
so that the steam get in trapped within
the kitchen towel and the pita bread
skin remain fresh warm and soft and pita
breads are best when eaten immediately
after cooking
and I can promise you that after you
make this easy homemade pita bread you
will never want to buy the store-bought
pita bread..:) I hope you enjoyed this video
and I hope you will try this recipe and
I'm sure you will love it :)
for more recipes please don't forget to
subscribe this channel and thank you so
much for watching this video