this is a video and how to water your
houseplants
now watering is the main issue that
people have when it comes to houseplants
and this is the main reason that plants
die on them and a lot of people wonder
how come they can have such nice gardens
and they're quite good gardeners but
when it comes to houseplants all the
plants that seem to die in them even if
they green-fingered in the garden and
the main reason for this is because of
their imports and because of the
watering now when the plants are outside
in the wild or when they're in the
garden there's basically unlimited
amount of soil for their roots to grow
into so say if it only rains once a week
might get a lot of rain but it's not
going to be too much because it's
absorbed by a huge amount of soil and
then if it doesn't rain for two or three
weeks it's not going to kill the plant
because it's got a big source full of
soil for the sort that's absorb lots and
lots of water a plant can utilize it's a
complete opposite with house plants see
so you've got this small pot which can
only take maybe 200 millimeters of water
or maybe a cup of water if you give it
any more than that it will be too wet
and it will drown and die if you don't
water it for a week that will use all
that water up they can't get any more
water and it will also die so that's why
it's so much more difficult to look
after house plants than it is to do
gardening so I'll give you some simple
tips on how to keep your house plant
alive food create watering what you want
to do when you first get a health plan
is to check it very regularly because
you won't know exactly how often these
watering when you first get it
so you'll slowly pick it up as time goes
on you get to know that house bad better
so every house plan is different depends
on lots of different factors like where
it's placed what kind of plant it is but
there's a few things you can do just to
know if from these watering so the first
thing to do a common way of people tell
me if it needs water means if it's
drooping that can also be the same for
over watering so I wouldn't use that as
a factor also if you don't water until
it starts drooping then you're actually
stressing the plant out a lot of clues
it really is drooping cuz it's dying so
what you really want to do is avoid any
belching of the plant so several ways
you can tell by soil color does depend
on your type of compost just Apple this
stuff here is dry
this is damp it's darker but the best
way to tell is probably feeding with
your finger if the tops drier but lower
down is damp then I wouldn't water but
if just if you go down a centimeter or
half an inch and it's still dry then I
would water it a bit more what you would
want to do depends on the house plant
water from the top and they drain
through the bottom or just fill up the
saucer that it's on and let the plant
and actually soak it up another way you
can tell if it's dry it's when you went
just by the weight so you fit so you
feel it it should be quite heavy if it's
had enough water if it's not quite if
it's very light then it shows that
there's no water left in it this also
depends on the compost so you'll need to
tell with your fingers the first few
times then once you get an idea of what
it feels like when it's hardened off
water
what filled oh it's dry then you can
just use the weight of it to tell how
much it needs now once you have watered
it what you want is a little bit of
water if you want from the top you want
a little bit of water to collect in the
saucer or if your water in the bottom
you want to fill this also completely
now if there's still water in the saucer
after an hour
that means the plan can't dissolve can't
absorb all the water and the pot is
absolutely saturated with water and that
will actually kill the plant by driving
it's what you want to do then is empty
the saucer get rid the excess water
leave another hour I have a look to see
if it's empty then gently that's fine if
the flag absorbs the whole saucer within
about 10 minutes then you want to give
it another pill the saucer off once
again and keep doing that until the
saucer does it takes about an hour to
empty but then again if it doesn't empty
within now then you want to tip it out
and then you know it's had enough water
so if you follow this principle you your
plants be perfectly healthy this and
suffer any problems with watering the
other way to make it easier for watering
because if when you first get a
houseplant they'll be in a very small
pot party small for the size of the
plant and this makes it more difficult
for the watering because one minute will
be wet or next minute I'll go out so
fast because the plant doesn't have much
water to utilize so if you repot the
house back as soon as you get into a
much larger pot straightaway this mate
watering easier if you forget it for a
day or two it's not a big issue because
it's got all that water stored in the
compost they can survive so that's one
of the main things you're going to do is
the larger pot and then just check it
regularly as well and the bigger the
part the longer you can leave it without
watering but also the plants has more
space for its roots to grow also get
more nutrients and you'll have a lot
faster growth bigger plan and a
healthier path so that's that's my tips
and how to make sure your watering your
houseplants you correctly