how to remove coffee from your carpet
hello and welcome to videojug got coffee
on your carpet don't worry we're here to
help the following process will show you
how to remove any type of coffee black
white with sugar or without
step one you will need white cloths or
white kitchen towel water a spray bottle
a sponge some rubber gloves a tea spoon
some mild carpet shampoo a mixing bowl
or jug a heavyweight like a book and you
might also need a plastic bag step 2
blot up coffee take action as soon as
you can after the spillage the longer
you leave a stain to dry the tougher it
will be to remove blot up as much the
coffee as possible with some kitchen
towel
step 3 check carpet type different
carpets react in different ways to stain
removal techniques using the wrong
removal method could cause the stain to
become permanent or leave a worse mark
than the stain itself carpets made of
natural materials such as grass sisal or
wool can be severely damaged by liquid
treatments if you're in any doubt as to
your carpet suitability contact a
professional carpet cleaner before
applying any solution to your carpet you
should always do a patch test choose an
out-of-the-way area of the carpet and
apply a small amount wait a few minutes
to ensure the problems don't develop if
your carpet starts to go brown or
lighter in color immediately rinse the
solution with cold water do not continue
and call a professional step 4
carpet cleaning products there are many
good carpet cleaning products on the
market but experts tend to be wary of
using them they're not staying specific
and may include ingredients which are
not applicable to your stain and could
do more harm than good if you do intend
to use them you should watch video jugs
how to use carpet cleaning products
otherwise keep following these steps
step 5 dampen carpet fill a spray bottle
with warm water and spray lightly over
the stain make sure that the water isn't
too hot hot water could set the stain if
you don't have a spray bottle to hand
apply warm water to a sponge and gently
dab it on the stain be careful not to
over saturate the carpet blot and repeat
step 6 if the stain remains if the stain
hasn't been completely removed add a
quarter of a teaspoon of the carpet
shampoo to a liter of warm water if you
don't have carpet shampoo dilute a
quarter of a teaspoon of any mild
colorless washing detergent instead
remember to carry out a patch test
step seven massage the stain next dampen
a white cloth with the solution and lay
it over the stain handy hint use the
bottom of a spoon to massage the
solution into the stain this will
protect your carpets fibers from the
damage caused by excessive scrubbing
work from the outside of the stain in
this will prevent the stain from
spreading block the dampened area with a
fresh white cloth or kitchen towel
repeat until no more of the stain will
come away
step eight rinse to finish spray with
clean water to rinse the carpet it's
important to do this as any remaining
detergent will attract dirt be careful
not to over wet the carpet blot and
repeat until the detergent is gone step
9 complete absorption to ensure that the
stain is completely lifted and any
remaining dampness is removed stack a
few pieces of kitchen towel over the
stain cover with a heavy weight like a
book if the weight is colored or porous
put a plastic bag between it and the
kitchen towel this will protect the
weight and prevent its dye from leaking
into the carpet step 10 wait leave the
weight on the damp patch ideally
overnight the stain should now be
completely gone
done
you