good morning my name is Glenn Van
Buskirk and I'm one of the owners of
travelling Corral's there's actually
three partners that own traveling crowds
my other two partners are big time horse
lovers and they traveled with horses for
years first of all we started this
company in 2004 we started because we
went out looking for some portable
Corral's where we met to travel with and
there were some things we were looking
for we wanted something that was
spacious simple to put together was
horse safe was a good value and
something would last for a long time
what we found out there though was a lot
of small crowds there were 10 by 10 by
10 12 by 12 just too small for a horse
we felt they were held together with
velcro and pins horses can take that
stuff apart
there were telescoping panels out there
and those created a lot of problems we
thought down the road there was plastic
ones and PVC ones and squirt tubing a
lot of powder coated stuff none of this
fit our agenda anyway our aim that we
were looking for
and as far as guarantees what we found
on guarantees of some of the products we
found out there were like 30 60 days on
workmanship maybe a year at the very
most we believe if you're going to buy
something like this you want it to last
a lot longer than that we also believe
that you're looking for the features
that we would be looking forward in the
corrals that you go out to buy so let me
walk you through what some of our corral
here and show you why we think we're
different than everybody else first of
all from a spacious standpoint this is
the smallest Corral we make it's a 13 by
13
it's round versus square so the horse
can move around inside of it first get
in the corner and push on it it allows
the horse to lay down if your horse is
resting and wants to lay down it can lay
down on one of these Corral's they get
larger by adding a panel you add one
more panel that's 16 by 16 if you go on
our website you'll see you can make them
any size you want they all our Corral's
connect together you can make to 13 by
13 by adding five more panels to this
Corral and save yourself a little money
and a lot less a little less
transportation on them these are made
out of tube steel and we do that for a
reason this steel is one-inch steel so
it's not too soft conduit tubing it's
all cut and notched on all the corners
in the center's it's got three rails on
it the bottom rail is low enough so the
horse can't get their head underneath of
it
so all of those things make this thing
sturdy and strong and that's why we
guarantee it to be the way that way the
other thing is they're all held together
with four-foot pins they go right down
here slide in here and connect and
you've got a real strong corner every
seven feet it does one other thing it it
you can't lift up one panel you've got
you'd have to lift up the whole Corral
now a horse is strong enough to do that
but definitely that's going to make a
lot of noise when they try that
especially with the bars the horizontal
bar space where they're at very
difficult for a horse to get underneath
that it can do it if they want but they
can really do it on a lot of the other
ones other Corral's that are out there
so this has served very well it works
great so we consider that to be horse
safe in fact this works so well that we
actually have a patent on
design how these things connect together
and then all of this also still has a
great value if you look at all the
pricing in the marketplace and anything
that's of this quality we we have the
lowest cost and the best value we know
that because we've been tested by
hundreds of trail riders endurance
riders barrel racers just all over the
country and even up in Alaska we've sold
these panels to a lot of horse lovers so
they work very very well and our panels
are what we say they are these panels
are guaranteed for as long as you own so
you break one or you bend one where you
can't bend it back and use it again
we'll give you a new one we also offer a
lot of great ways to carry this now if
you're going to go to our transporting
page on our website and check out how we
recommend you do that we can carry them
on the side of trailers we can put them
in tack rooms etc but take a look at
that I think you'll find that very
interesting that's a look at our
Corral's we know that if you buy them
you'll be happy with them hopefully this
information is helpful to you when you
consider buying anybody's Corral's out
there and then again thank you for
visiting our website and we hope to hear
from you thank you