hello everybody Welcome to my channel
wab super mom so let's talk about water
and the water bottles we all use water
bottles for our office for giving to our
kids and for all the drinking purpose
but have we ever noticed like how clean
these water bottles are using with a
good detergent or good brush will not at
all clean your water bottles they are
not at all safe for your health so let
me give you all the tip how you can
clean your water bottle safely and
naturally yeah so you need to take some
rice raw rice any rice of your choice
why we are taking this because it goes
inside each and every corner of your
bottle and clean it up very nicely and
then some rock salt again it is very
good for washing each and every area of
your bottle and for a little bit of nice
the natural fragrance Orange Peel powder
instead you can use the cardamon
uh peel no need of using the seeds very
well you can take the peel uh the outer
skin that is sufficient you can put it
inside and even you can use some lemon
juice but that will be more pungent so
you can use it but I don't use that okay
so you need to mix so here I am using
the orange meal powder the rice and the
rock salt I have mixed it all together
you can keep it in a bottle all together
whenever you require to wash you can do
it or whenever you want to clean you can
mix it according to the bottle you are
going to wash so likewise you need to
put these things inside the bottle and
put the water in it and nicely need to
shake it all the uh germs inside the
bottle will coose away like anything and
because of the rice it cleans each and
every corner of your bottle and the
bottle will also have a very good
refreshing smell it will not have that
order which usually we have in any of
our bottles even if we keep it after it
has been washed so I hope that you all
liked it please do like and subscribe
our video If you really liked it and
please do give your suggestions in the
comment section down below till then
meet you all next time bye-bye take care
for me and Misha
[Music]