well here it is all put together and
that's got all of the hardware on it yet
but most of it but I mounted the
cartouche yesterday and it's sitting up
top there and looks pretty good from
here
so from a construction standpoint we're
done I need to finish putting on the
hardware then take it off and then begin
sanding and finishing
well this is part of the cleanup I'm
going to have to be done I'm going to
sand it down to 180 this is a 150 grit
and I had done some pre sanding before I
put it together
this actually is pretty good I'm working
on putting the locks in the two drawers
that I have to put them in to match the
original
and I got these from Morton brass so
they're nice really nice locks and what
I did is I made a template out of a
piece of cardboard as you can see there
and trace that the pin is a dead center
on the drawer front and I believe it's
an injured 1/8 from the top so what I
did with once I had the template on
there which of course trace around it so
that I had some lines and then I used my
router plane here hand routing plane
here to create the opening as well as
this small recess that there is around
here now I've still got to take off the
front to let it slide all the way back
but as I use the router plane I was able
to of course turn the lock over and then
feel for the depth so we've got that set
so now I've got to take about a
sixteenth of an off inch off the top
there and then be able to to press it to
end up where where the hole belongs and
drill that and then of course put the
escutcheon and
cut out the keyhole for the front well
this is a board that I've just sprayed
with the grain raising dye and it's a
mixture of two different dyes but that
kind of like the color of it and I've
rubbed it off with a white pad so that
it's it's an even color
[Music]
[Music]
well after one one coat of spray shellac
I put blonde on it it looks absolutely
terrible but that's pretty typical so
the parts of the cherry that are more
pores took more of the shellac and
soaked it in and the parts that were
more dense the shellac set up on top so
that's why you see dark patches and
light patches on it and of course the
way I spray I've got a bit of I don't
know if you can hear that
that's understanded and that sanded so
I'm knocking off the dust nubs in the
orange peel and the overspray and
whatever there is again I tried to do it
as good as I can do but so I've got some
400 grit sandpaper here and we're scuff
sanding it so that means that no
pressure at all on the sandpaper and you
don't want to see any color on the
sandpaper
because then you're not sanding shellac
anymore you're standing the color off
and we don't want that and you just go
over it lightly cold smooth again and
then we'll be ready for another coat
well we're in the homestretch here so
I'm applying wax now to the upper chest
and lower chest the upper justice done
move in here a little bit and so we had
four coats of spray shellac on there and
then what I did is I rubbed it out with
scotch pads and wax at the same time and
then rubbed it out which evens it out so
I'll show you what I'm doing here I'm
just finishing off the legs this upper
part has been done and then the quarter
column has not been done in the legs
haven't been done yet so what we're
going to do here is demonstrate a little
bit about what I've been doing so I got
this dark wax it almost black it's real
real dark brown called special dark then
wax and I think it's you know there's a
lot of companies out there that make
colored waxes I think it's just about as
good as other so why are we work using a
dark wax on this thing to take the sheen
off because when it dries white the
regular wax the light stuff leads white
and we don't like to see little white
track in
in the corners that you can never get
out so that's why we use dark wax and it
doesn't make it that much darker hardly
at all because you're going to rub it
right off and just leave the look really
coat but where there's little Nicks and
dents where the wax collects it's dark
which matches the darker finish that we
had on here
so with this scratch pad this is their
gray one which i think is closer to
Faurot steel wool than their white one
and so it does a nice job of taking the
sheen off of it and getting it down to
where we want and then I apply the wax
at the same time
well it's completed and I can't get back
far enough in the shop here to get a
full full shot of it all a long time but
there we have it I'll zoom in here a
little bit and then we'll scan down so
it came up I like the color and it
certainly tested my skills and abilities
here I learned a lot and so this
completes this project and on to the
next one
[Music]