Wanda has bought her a new waffle iron
has not been seasoned yet we're fixing
to show you all how to season brand-new
cast iron on the homestead now we've
taken our gas grill here we've got the
fire going in it extremely hot what
we're going to do is we're going to
disassemble this we're going to lay it
on the four cans there it comes from the
factory with a wax of paraffin coating
in it so what we're going to do is we're
going to heat this stuff extremely hot
and melt all that paraffin and wax off
of it and we're gonna season this okay
this we've almost got it hot enough to
get it cleaned off you can see there's
still some spots right over here and
right down in here it still got a little
bit of wax left in it but you can see
when it starts turning that bright blue
color there it's seasoning getting a lot
of wax is getting out of it we're gonna
be able to take it in the house and wash
it and you see the little spot right
there
they still some wax in it there that's
got to come off and right here so we're
gonna let it cook for just I'm gonna
spin them around and we don't let it
finish up okay we've got our cast iron
here we've been letting it burn now for
almost an hour it's been about 50
minutes we've been letting it just burn
I think all the paraffin and the wax is
out of it you can look how it's got the
bright color to it now that means it's
clean no wax left in it we're gonna turn
the grill off he's gonna let it sit here
and cool okay everybody we've got our
cast iron cooled off now it's all smut
it up a little bit we're gonna try to
get it in here and we've got some hot
soapy water I'm gonna try to clean it
with it
we've got the oven preheating to 350
degrees we're gonna set these in the
oven
I'll leave my notes they get good and
hot make sure that all the water is
going out of them then we're seizing
them okay we're taking our Crisco now
this is extremely hot I know the law
y'all gonna say oh it's not organic
don't matter when you see Union this
baby is hot we use Crisco because if you
use cooking oils cooking oils a lot of
times leaves cast-iron sticky when you
get through with it so we use the Crisco
because it doesn't leave it doesn't
leave your cast-iron sticky this.cache
time right now is 350 degrees hot we've
got it that way so that the pores in it
are opened up as wide as they can be and
the the Crisco will actually go down
into it now we're going to turn it turn
it over start put the cap and put some
Crisco down in this part this is a hard
part here because this has got all the
more dips in it what we're going to do
I'm going to put enough in there that it
just melts and runs in there everywhere
I point we do it hard on this to get it
in all in hard-to-reach places don't
worry about putting too much
Daniel hurted okay we've got this one
here we've got our Crisco in it and what
I'm going to do is because that Crisco
is melted I will run it around in there
everywhere and it will take it save
wasting I'm gonna pour it on top of this
one then I'm gonna sit this one back on
the rack
we're just going to continue with this
one just like we did the other one I'm
going to start wiping her down these
have been in the oven now for 30 minutes
at 350 degrees heating them up hot
enough that we got any moisture out of
them from when we wash them and clean
them and it opened the pores up in the
cast iron so that it's ready to receive
the oil
we have a food bucket here for animals
and what I'll do is we'll take this
right here
I'll make sure we've got a good coating
around and I'll never wear any extra
goes into animal bucket put a piece take
this we're going to leave them for one
hour at 350 degrees we're going to be
making some waffles I got this waffle
iron it's cast iron for my birthday
we've already seasoned it as you saw in
the previous clips so now we're going to
make here I have 1/3 of a cup of butter
unsalted and 1 and 1/2 cups of milk and
it's almond milk and I just got it on
low fire because I want the butter to
melt and I want the milk just to be warm
but not hot Bob's Red Mill baking flour
I have 2 cups I've added 1 teaspoon of
salt and 4 teaspoons of baking powder
all right these are going to be gluten
free waffles so over here while we're
waiting on the butter okay we're going
to start with our eggs we're going to
mix them up we're going to add our milk
and butter mixture it's not hot it's
just room temperature I just kind of
melted the butter and added the milk
this is too kind of a batter consistency
so we can put it on our waffle
hey we going up this side and take a
look at it oh yeah that looks good there
alright we're gonna take it out see what
we got here see if it comes loose oh
yeah look at that nice pretty nice
pretty brown waffle good and Chris
remember this time here okay we ready to
check it and see what it looks like ooh
look at that
look at that come right up that my
friends is a waffle
Daniel how is my wall Global maple syrup
on there good and crunchy good and
crunchy there good and crunchy they
they're perfect they're not like the
store-bought frozen things this is going
to be pretty awesome now that is a good
waffle and as you saw it didn't stick um
that's what the Chris goes for just say
Danny seasoned that brittle pretty well
don't you think