what's up guys how y'all doing for the
baby I'm good put to the test elective
pressure washer a low pressure washing
is does the job so good you can turn all
porch and looking like it's burning you
and it's always satisfying to work with
but the problem is my passion washer is
gossiper agent and those things have
humongous with giant tires and it's also
known to star them so imagine if you
have to take it down the road or to the
different location more than an attack
unloaded it's just too much work too
heavy this is why I'm really hoping this
thing is going to work a little well it
says it's only 13 kilogram so 29.9
pounds and it has 2150 marks psi which
is sounds like a lot so we're gonna try
to brush a washer out porch it looks
like you haven't been pressure washing
been a long time so hopefully it works
by the way this thing is a lot cheaper
than gossip rated pressure washers but
again okay first of all I can't believe
how light that is I can hold it with my
hand
my other gossiper the pressure washer no
way just no way nice it comes with all
the nozzles that's what I need beautiful
don't even have to worry about that look
at these this is such a great design I'm
pretty sure this thing it looks like a
shotgun shelf but it's gonna go into
here that's so genius so that way you
don't have to have another jar of this
little things they are all stored
together so you can get a different
attachment they don't want different
things
very very nice we'll try to do the green
attachment probably the work the best
what's up with this thing now they go
very easy whoa that works a little the
world check this out
locks in and then it's pops out I like
it oh cool it also comes with this
little super fun you can connect it
we're not gonna be using that okay next
step this holes and goes into one of
this then we'll need one of these
attachments and looks like it's gonna go
into here nice and then we go plug in
the post maybe this will be better the
next step we're gonna plug it in test it
works very nice okay next I'm next in
the description it says I need to turn
it on to realistic here and now the
water is going now go
[Applause]
if I let go it's automatically shuts off
as well so that way it's not being
annoying when you're not worked and when
you move in chess or something
Wow so farmer will be happy with this
okay but can it come in let's find out
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
and when I shut off this shuts off well
guys it's no-brainer it works really
well I love it keep it in mind this is
without any soap this is just bureau
power look how dirty this porch and all
that looks like and now it looks like
new so definitely worth in Western
couple hundred bucks in one of those and
you can clean it out once a year every
other year your porch and house looks
like burn ooh I love this thing
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
again look at this difference that's
huge I love this thing this is the best
passer washer I had to use before this
is was my first time using electric
pressure washer and I'm amazed how easy
this and user-friendly
to me this is so such as fun
so this one was 25 degrees this one is
15 degrees let's see how it does the 15
degrees it's a lot more powerful
[Music]
and once again when you put it
young it often
[Applause]
[Music]
not
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
well guys honestly electric tools is the
future and usually when you got those
gas powered pressure washer
they always lick when you stop they
actually continue leaking always non
stop and wasting a bunch of water and
also if you need to break for 15 minutes
you gotta turn it off and start it again
because gas power don't automatically
stop this thing we just automatically
stop you're ready to come back to work
[Music]
it's automatically shuts off you don't
for the day you turn it off it's done
undersea electric tools and electric
cars definitely is the future I don't
know
I'm probably going to move on into the
electric more and more so and one day
hopefully I will get bunch of solar
panels but again there is a lot of gas
power tools that is still way better
than electric ones anyways that's pretty
much it let me know in comments below
what do you think don't forget to thumbs
up this video subscribe and I'll see you
next time