[Music]
grab two or more yards of lace and
lining fabric my lining is knit because
I find it more comfortable grab a boxy
top and an a-line skirt fold them and
the fabric in half and match the folds
up Mark the armhole shape like so then
follow the top and skirt down to make an
a-line shape and make sure sure to add
seamons repeat to make the back of the
[Music]
dress now line up the fold of the Inside
Out sleeve to the fold of the lace Mark
the curve of the armhole and taper down
to an a-line shape like so
[Music]
and I decided to make it elbow length
instead I found that the top of the
curve and the end of the curve are
within a
square cut out the lining fabric to be
the same as the lace front and back
piece but take it in a little bit so it
doesn't Bunch underneath
[Music]
sew the shoulder seams of the lace dress
together open up the dress So you see
the neck hole in the center grab the
center of the sleeve and pin it to the
shoulder seam right sides together then
pin the sleeves outwards from there if
the dress doesn't line up perfectly
that's okay because we will be matching
it up later when we sew it sew the
sleeve to the armhole and repeat with
the other
side leave the lace dress inside out and
line the sides up sew long the sleeve
down the sides to close up the dress
[Music]
grab the lining pieces and line them up
right sides together sew up the sides
and shoulder seams
[Music]
then hem the sleeves under with a rolled
hem by Rolling The Edge under a/4 inch
twice and
sew try the dress on and Mark any
adjustments as well as Mark where you
want the neckline and the lining hem to
hit cut out the neckline on the lace and
the lining to be the same
[Music]
turn the lining in the lace dress inside
out now Slide the lining into the lace
dress and match up the neckline pin and
[Music]
sew last H the bottom of the lining
[Music]
thanks for watching And subscribe and
visit to coton cs.com for more DIYs
[Music]