okay so this is how to make a curved
kind of triangle I'm going to start by
defining how big I want this to be so
say we have this we want to be three
meters so I'm taking the tape measure
tool shortcut T and I'm going to start
going this way I go three m enter and
this one maybe I want it to be one meter
one M enter and then we want it to sag
down by 20 centimeters okay so then we
have our little constraints for how big
we want it to be so then what I'm going
to do is I'm going to make the arc for
how much it's sagging so I press a or
the arc tool and click once here click
once here let me go to the middle and
drag it down along the blue access axis
make sure you're not doing the green so
blue axis and then I'll go over to this
little point here and that'll make it
exactly that deep then in order to
continue this I'm going to finish this
surface so we make a surface then I'm
going to use a push pull push pull tool
and I'm going to drag it down to this
guide point and then all I'm going to do
is scale one of these faces down so I'll
click on it and use the scale tool to
this one and I want it to scale from the
middle so I click and hold down the arc
the Alt key and as I'm holding down alt
I'm dragging it toward the center zoom
do it again it's not going to be the
perfect end point but this is a lot
easier way to do it oops and if you zoom
out you'll see that you know that's a
really small point anyway so for
modeling purposes that's all you'll need
and then since you just want the the
sheet itself and at the top I'm just
going to click this top surface and
press delete and click this end surface
press delete delete this line and I
think that's what you're looking for um
then if you want to take it and scale it
like I like to make things into groups
and then press scale efforts or this one
and then you can change it all around
you know maybe you don't want it to be
quite as deep scale the whole thing so
that would be good if you want to make a
couple that are different sizes and what
you can do is you can do the same thing
with the the tape measure say I want
this to be I want this one to be only
two meters what I'll do is I'll make up
a guideline there and then I'll scale
this and then I can click it'll just
click right on that line and then you
know it's two meters so that that's how
you can scale it exactly okay I hope
that was helpful give me a call if you
have any questions okay right