hey guys it's Mona and today I want to
show you my everyday every morning detox
smoothie this is great for your skin
it's great for your energy it's great
for overall anti-aging all right so this
six movie I make almost every single
morning if you follow me on instagram
you've seen it it's in my highlights I'm
posting it all the time and a lot of you
guys are curious about it because it
looks a little daunting because there's
lots of greens and there's no like
almond butter or coconut milk but those
of you who have tried out on instagram
have like sent me photos and you loved
it and everyone's surprised how good it
tastes because it's so fresh the key to
this smoothie is that it isn't meant for
the morning and is meant for like one of
the first things you have when you wake
up and it's detoxing which is why we're
not going to use any almond milk we're
not going to use any coconut milk no nut
butters we're gonna keep it very very
light and we just want to have fresh raw
greens and fresh fruit now as your base
you can use water I like to mix it up
and either use some coconut water some
aloe vera water these are really gonna
boost hydration so if you feel like your
Energy's a little bit lower your skin's
a little bit dry I would try using these
also but you don't have to you can use
regular water here are the ingredients
you'll need basically three cups of
greens I tend to do like two cups of
spinach one cup of kale but if I only
have one or the other I'll do all
spinach or all kale sometimes I'll even
do romaine I think a lot of people
forget that romaine is very healthy it
just because it's not as dark of a green
it's got a lot of water content a lot of
nutrients so we can do just a mix and
match of anything we want okay so three
cups of greens is what we're starting
with
for the sake of this video definitely
use this spinach and it's not really an
exact science as much as I say it's not
an exact science sometimes when I try to
eyeball it it just doesn't come out the
same and this is actually something I
noticed when I was making smoothies in
general I would just throw in some fruit
and greens and they wouldn't taste good
and I didn't want to make them then when
I actually started following the recipes
exactly they started tasting much better
so if you're having trouble with
smoothies or you don't like them try
actually like really following the
recipes because if you're like me and
you're not good at eyeballing things it
can actually make a huge difference
so that's two cups of spinach that's
throw-in I think I'm gonna do a combo of
romaine and spinach for the last cup
I'll just take this and kind of chop it
up so the reason why it's so important
to get this stuff into your body in the
morning is because when you sleep I've
said this before on Instagram a lot when
you sleep your body is actually in a
natural state of detox because if you
think about it that's probably the
longest time throughout the entire day
that you're not eating you're not
drinking you're not around pollution
your body's just like getting a chance
to like rest and reboot so it's finally
like cleaning out everything and you
know it's almost like a machine it's
restarting and then when you wake up in
the morning you don't want the first
thing you put in it to be bacon or like
processed cheese if you think about it
that way you know you're like okay
here's a fresh new slate what can I give
it that's gonna be the most absorbed and
that's really gonna give me the most
benefits you want fresh raw food so if
you start your day with like warm water
with lemon I would say this should be
the next thing and that's why I always
say have fresh raw organic fruit in the
morning if you don't have time first
movie at least go for that because it's
still you know fruits like the most
naturally detoxing food in the world
which is why I don't like diets that
eliminate fruit okay so we've got our
three cups of greens I'm going to use
half coconut water half aloe vera so
aloe vera water make sure when you find
this when you find that you're getting
just pure aloe vera water I got this one
at Trader Joe's the brand is aloe
botanicals so if you are buying aloe
vera water just make sure it's pure make
sure it's natural because the whole
point of this smoothie is that we're
detoxing there are many other smoothies
you could make in the middle of the day
where you want like chocolate flavors
and you want it to be a little sweeter
but this one is very important to detox
oh let's make sure everything's really
clean
after you blend it you can see how
pretty this looks it's just like almost
like a sea green color so it should be
all consistent you don't see any chunks
in here so the next thing you're gonna
do is add half a banana I just added
that in here and then you're gonna add
half an apple now I like to kind of chop
up the Apple a little bit to just help
it get blended even more if you want to
make two servings with this at a time
that is completely fine that way you can
use the whole banana and the whole Apple
I often times make two servings and it's
totally fine to stay for like a day or
two in the fridge just put it in like an
airtight container mason jars are the
easiest thing ever they're like three
dollars you can I have a bunch of them
so right now I'm just making one serving
it really doesn't need a full banana it
actually tastes great with just the half
banana for one serving then I like to
put like a half of a lime or lemon I
kind of mix it up whatever I'm feeling
that day today I'm gonna do a lime I do
recommend actually pouring this into
something else before you pour it in
here sometimes if you get the seeds like
a little seeds or part of the pit it can
make it tastes very bitter like just
even one lemon seed can actually really
change the taste so if that bothers you
just be careful I'm watching to make
sure none of them go in here okay so now
we've got that and I'm just gonna reap
lend and there is a smoothie setting on
here but because this isn't too
complicated I usually just start low and
kind of move up I don't actually use the
smoothie setting
and then lastly I like to add either
fresh tumeric or fresh ginger this isn't
necessary if you don't have it in your
house you don't have to worry about it
but these are really the only other
add-ons they look very similar the
tumeric is just a little more orange
than the ginger it's super easy to add I
think that this is also something people
might be intimidated by because if
you've never seen it it could be
daunting but it's really just as simple
as lacing it start with a little amount
of time because they they both do have a
pretty strong taste you can do this with
or without the ginger or turmeric I'm
literally putting two little slices of
tumeric you can buy this at the grocery
store you don't have to peel it you can
use the peel or you don't have to use
the peel start with a little bit add
that in we're gonna blend no let's give
it a taste
we've got my eco-friendly straws here I
always take a little sip out of the
blender to make sure it tastes good
before I pour it out I don't have to add
anything it's so fresh by the way if
you've never tried aloe vera water I
would recommend doing a very little
amount at first because it does have
kind of a strong taste so if you're new
to this smoothie start out with just
coconut water or water then start
experimenting with aloe vera water and
see or you could even just like do a
drop of it because it does kind of have
a bit of an overpowering taste but the
whole point is we've got very clean
ingredients all of these are hydrating
detoxing very natural it's the best
thing to put in your body first thing in
the morning even if you're hungry after
make your quinoa make your oats make
your avocado toast whatever you want to
have but start with this and you will
definitely start to see results this was
a really simple smoothie video I don't
know if you want something more
complicated this is kind of the first
one I'm doing on this channel so let me
know what you think of this video please
follow me on Instagram you can find a
lot more info and videos and tips there
it's at dr. mona van and if you like
this video please like comment and
subscribe and I will see you guys next
week
[Music]