composed of water sand and lime Etan
autoclaved aerated concrete precision
plots are 30% lighter yet 50% larger
than conventional masonry blocks
lightweight yet solid a single 8 on
precision block can safely support an
axial load of more than 20 tons pallets
of each on block are typically placed on
the jobsite slab with a Moffatt or fork
truck in addition a pallet jack can move
the pallets around the jobsite the use
of a bandsaw available through each on
will expedite the installation process
while providing better precision along
with other Etan compatible tools the
bandsaw is delivered to the jobsite
besides the bandsaw these are the other
tools typically used with each on
various sizes of notched trowel czar
available for purchase from each on
deliver to the jobsite with a precision
block each on thin bed mortar is used
for block installation one bag of Etan
mortar will generally install a half a
pallet of block filling a five-gallon
bucket with approximately four inches of
water starts the mixing process add
about 3/4 of the bag of mortar
this will allow room for additional
mortar and water to be added to reach
the proper consistency the final
consistency should resemble that of
drywall mud
stacking the block in this configuration
is recommended this configuration
expedites the installation process by
keeping the surfaces for your dust and
debris once the block is stacked for
convenience during installation the slab
is shot in to determine its eyes and
lows each on recommends using a laser to
shoot in the slab however a transit can
also be used unlike traditional masonry
a maximum of three quarters of an inch
bed joint is recommended by each on
several reinforcement systems are
compatible with eat on most are cast in
at the time the slab is forward one a
standard rebar with this system
Etan cord blocks are used Etan
recommends pre-soaking the cord block
prior to the bond being poured another
Etan compatible reinforcement system is
the go bolt system which uses a threaded
rod to make the connection for proper
reinforcement other similar threaded rod
assemblies may be utilized use a flat
blade screwdriver to back the rod out of
its protective sleeve this exposes the
rod for the coupler connection later in
the installation next verify the
threaded rod locations typical corner
placement should be approximately four
inch by four inch from the outside edge
of the slab with mid wall threaded rod
locations approximately 5 inches from
the outside edge of the slab a simple
piece of duct tape can protect the
threads from mortar or thin bed
if errors occur with the placement of
the reinforcement the slab can be
drilled and the reinforcement rod Epoque
seed into the slab check with local
building officials regarding details the
first level of a Tong called the
leveling course is used to correct any
deviations in the slab accuracy of the
leveling course is vital to the
remainder of the installation the head
joints use eat on thin bed mortar remove
the clean block from the stack note the
ergonomic hand holds on eat on precision
blocks which contribute to ease of
installation set the level course blocks
into a full bed of type M N or s mortar
which is supplied by the project's
general contractor a rubber mallet
issues to assist with leveling check the
level on both sides of the block for
accuracy
the top of the leveling course block is
reshot in with a laser to establish the
leveling course elevation typical
corners are squared in at 90 degrees
once the corners are set and at the
established elevation then the block
between the corners can be ranged in
using a string line for long walls a
masonry twig will ensure the proper
height cord block available from E Tong
is placed at the location of the
reinforcing rods the first chord block
in the leveling course is not to create
an inspection hole
you
when using a threaded rod assembly save
the cutout piece fulfill in after
inspection absolute accuracy is of
paramount importance to the leveling
course remember to use a full bed of
type M N or s mortar but no more than
three quarters of an inch
scrape off any excess mortar
imperfections that occur in the leveling
course can be corrected using a rasp and
sanding board
it is extremely important that the top
of the block is brushed off following
sanding every course should be brushed
prior to installation of another course
of each on block dirt and debris
contribute to an actress's each on thin
bed mortar contains very high bonding
properties Etan recommends that the
installation crew protect raw concrete
surfaces such as garages and porches by
spreading jobsites and on the concrete
floors bonding and staining from the
thin bed mortar will be prevented again
the top of the block should be brushed
off to ensure proper placement window
openings are marked on