hey this is Christmas gonna chat TV i
was recently looking into getting into
Cowboy Action Shooting unfortunately I
do have to get a couple costume things
taken care of I'm not really a hat guy I
have a very large head so I have
problems finding hats in my size I
looked around on eBay and I found some
hats the problem is that because I have
a large hat size and fewer hats are made
in that size it seems they seem to go
for a premium on eBay and places like
that so I did find a nice old resist all
but this had a cowboy more of a rancher
style or the two sides on top or caved
in
you
and I wanted something a little bit
older looking if I was gonna be probably
rich in shooting in it so what I did is
I went online and I forgot it also had
this ugly ugly silver band they just
look terrible
so I went online on YouTube I did find a
video of Roy Rogers the great co way
actor reblocking 1/2 and his shower and
I said well you know Fred Rogers reboxed
hat Michelle I don't need a fancy steam
table and I don't need a bunch of
machinery so I pretty much did the same
as he did because I'm on a lower crown
on it I actually got it wet with hot
water and pressed it in and then
according to back up and then down again
and then back up did that worked it a
little bit got it set and let it sit and
this came out pretty good it's now solid
it's not going anywhere it looks it
looks okay it fits my head decently
because it's not formed in my head
especially the banner just cut off and
then peeled the glue out and then found
this thread or whatever it is at Hobby
store it's actually two wraps around the
Hat and then I form kind of a bowtie
style now it looks okay
it's better than the silver band and
then the liner they actually flip the
band up and pulled the lying around that
was glued in as well and then I cut that
down I tried folding over but then I
made the headband stick into my head and
that wasn't comfortable and now that was
too small again so cut that so it's goes
under this wet band and it's just there
I didn't actually glue it back in or
stitch it back in or anything because
with the band up it seems to fit okay
and I'd like to be able to take it out
with our have to reform the Hat again
so for I think I spent about 20 bucks on
eBay
the Hat didn't look very nice when I got
it but right now I'm really happy with
the way it turned out and I don't know
if this would work in just a regular
wool hat this is it Forex beaver I know
that's not probably really Forex is
probably a nineties or ain't easier a
hat so it's probably not quite Forex
beaver in reality because it's marked
Forex beaver and the higher the beaver
content the more likely you'll be able
to reform it
take a nice shape so if you do need a
hat and you're okay with a little bit of
elbow grease little bit of work on it
you can reform it and get something like
that from pretty much anything as long
as it's got the crown height so I would
look around and maybe get something that
isn't quite what you want honor has an
ugly band and figure if you're going to
wreck it doing Cowboy Action Shooting or
something like that probably work the
investment of your time to get exactly
what you want and then have something we
didn't spend a lot of money on in case
you didn't destroy it so we're gonna
chop TV this is Chris saying thanks for
watching
you