in today's video I'm going to be talking
about curb gives you more tops by
watching this video you're probably
looking into fitting curved units in
your kitchen and not sure of our
worktops having been in the same
situation and not finding much
information I fought over chair what I
found in this short video to do this
project you will need a lot of patience
and the following tools
jigsaw reverse cut jigsaw blade freeway
claps impact adhesive sandpaper Stanley
knife file a spokeshave first off it is
possible to do a curved edge on a
laminate workshop it's far easier to do
a solid Woodworth top but having had one
before we definitely wanted laminar as
it's cheaper and far more durable to do
this you will need to buy worked off
with a square edge not round
I could highly recommend sound Jam
worktops from Ikea if you don't have an
idea close by they do deliver this
product the main feature of this worked
on by light is that is finished on all
edges so can be reversed to suit giving
a lovely crisp edge to work with it also
comes with two pieces of spare edging
strip which is ample in length for a few
cuts per work top because this size the
kitchen is far shallower than normal we
managed to use the wasted edge as an
upstart to first off cut the worktop
fitted with a reverse cut blade the
teeth point downwards I use masking tape
or I make a cut and draw a line Euler
pencil on the masking tape for the
radius I use the door from the curved
units do not extend and simply drew
rounder remember to allow an overhang it
similar to the rest of the unit's mind
40 millimeter which is fairly standard I
can't stress this part enough make sure
you take extra extra slow cut even work
top on my first practice piece on an old
piece of work top the blade was bending
causing the cut face to no longer be
square once cut I use the square to make
sure all the edge was correct and true
needed I had sand it bit and kept
checking with the square the whole edge
was sanded and the edge of strip for the
front edge was feathered in with
sandpaper
I then prying the edge with impact
adhesive giving it a nice even coat and
let it dry for 15 minutes when you apply
the adhesive to the edge strip let it go
almost dry before attempting to position
it and make sure it's longer than you
need start at the back edge and slowly
pull it tightly round the bend allowing
it to go over the top of the fehb redeem
existing edge apply freeway clamps in as
many places as possible using card
between the edge of the clamp and work
top so it doesn't get marked need to
drive overnight before removing the
clamps I used a combination of files
standing life and spokeshave to get rid
of any overhang or edge and stripped I
think you agree the finished article
looks quite good if you liked this video
please give a thumbs up or comment below
and thanks for watching