[Music]
hello and welcome back to our kitchen
today we're going to make a delicious
red posole this is one of our favorite
traditional dishes and we make large
batches to freeze so we can enjoy it
over the course of many meals
the first step is to prepare the stock
for the stew in a large pot add six
quarts of water half an onion a whole
head of garlic three to four bay leaves
two tablespoons of chicken bouillon
powder and a tablespoon of salt we're
gonna bring this to a simmer while we
prepare the pork
[Music]
so the foundation of a good posole is
pork some people prefer to use chicken
but we enjoy the flavor more with the
traditional pork base we are using
around 4 to 5 pounds of a tender pork
shoulder roast this is a boneless roast
but you can also use a bone-in roast to
add more flavor to the broth either way
is delicious we begin the cooking
process by cutting the pork roast into
bite-sized chunks roughly 1 inch square
you should try to be consistent with the
size as this will ensure that the pork
cooks evenly
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
and as you're cutting the pork up
you should also lightly salt the cubes
and then let the pork rest for five to
ten minutes before adding it to the
broth
[Music]
now we'll add the pork to the broth and
continue to simmer we'll let it cook for
one hour or until the meat is tender and
as the meat simmers we'll be making the
red salsa that gives posole its
distinctive color and flavor but first a
quick coffee break
we're using around 20 dried guajillo
peppers which have a mild smoky flavor
as well as two dried pasilla peppers
these peppers have very little heat so
don't worry about the pizzoli being too
spicy to eat to prepare them we're
cutting off the stems and removing the
seeds once that is complete we'll rinse
and clean them quickly in a colander
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
but after the peppers are rinsed we need
to rehydrate them we'll simply place the
peppers in a pot full of hot water and
allow them to simmer until tender just a
couple of minutes don't overcook them or
they're gonna taste bitter
once they've softened up remove the pan
from direct heat and let them begin to
cool down and then we can check the pork
to see if it's ready
[Music]
so from the look and from the taste the
pork is ready for the next step in the
process we need to remove the onion the
garlic and the bay leaves from the pot
at this point
[Music]
and these can be discarded once they're
removed now the next ingredient that
will add to the posole is hominy we used
Juanita's in the 105 ounce can for the
full recipe but you can add more if you
prefer simply drain the hominy in a
colander give it a quick rinse and then
add directly into the stupa
[Music]
the combination of the pork and hominy
will continue to simmer while we finish
preparing the red salsa for the adobo
we'll need a few additional ingredients
to complement the flavor of the Chile's
first into the blender we added a
quarter of an onion and four to five
cloves of garlic we'll add in the
chillies to the blender and to that
we're gonna add two cloves 1 teaspoon of
pepper
one teaspoon each of cumin and oregano
[Music]
and one teaspoon of chicken bouillon
combine these ingredients along with the
peppers and 2 to 3 cups of the liquid
into your blender and set it on high for
3 to 4 minutes
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
so once the mixture is blended smooth
we're gonna pass it through a strainer
to remove any small bits of skin or seed
and leave a smooth adobo salsa
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
so our salsa is ready and now we need to
just add it to the pasola we used about
half of the mixture remain to give the
posole that distinctive red color and
flavor and now this only needs another
10 or 15 minutes to simmer allowing all
of the flavors to combine into that
delicious stew
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
and the leftover adobo salsa will be
used later as a foundation for our pork
tamales which we will share in an
upcoming video
[Music]
and now it's time to give it a taste
doesn't that look delicious
[Music]
[Music]
you can add diced onion lime juice and a
sprinkle of oregano for that last touch
of flavor posole also tastes great if
you add chopped cabbage unfortunately we
didn't have any for this video
enjoy it with tostadas war on it with a
piece of bread man this tasted great
so that is our recipe for a classic
pasola
thanks for watching we hope you enjoyed
it
and we'll see you next time
[Music]