in this video I want to share with you
guys how I super clean car floor weather
mats now let's get straight into it
what's going on so glad you guys are
here and welcome back to the Wilson auto
detailing community if you're a
professional auto detailer who wants
become more successful and profitable in
your business or just a car enthusiast
who wants to improve your detailing
ability then definitely consider getting
that big red subscribe button right
below this video so right now I'm on
location detailing this small SUV BMW
but I'm finished with the inside of so
I'm just finishing up the floorboards
that I had to take out earlier and
specifically these rubber weather mats
now the specific difficult part of these
is that yes weather mats in a sense can
be much easier when you're cleaning them
because you don't have to deal with
fibers and carpet you're just dealing
with plastic or rubber and kind of that
hard vinyl surface so in that sense it's
much easier in another sense it can be a
whole lot more difficult nine times out
of ten these rubber weather mats have
all of these grooves inside of the mat
and so even though it's just kind of a
hard surface and it's not nearly as
maybe complicated or difficult to kind
of get right as carpets are you don't
have to use like steamers or extractors
necessarily to get them really really
well these are difficult because when
you think you got them well and then
they dry you realize there's still dirt
in between these cracks and crevices all
in these tiny little pieces so that's
what I want to address right now so to
get this done I'm gonna be using super
clean full strength now I do not dilute
super clean at all when I'm dealing with
these it's not going to damage it it's
not gonna leave any white residue super
clean full strength degreaser full
strength in most cases not going to
damage anything on this mat number two
I'm gonna be using my drill brush I have
a specific drill brush attachment here
that this specific one you cannot buy on
Amazon it's actually one that I'm
developing as my own product right now
and I'm tweaking it right now to really
perfect it and I'm also going to be
using a small two inch drill brush
attachment head that is the same
firmness as this one again you can't buy
this specific one on Amazon however I
will link up ones that are very similar
that you can get on Amazon below if you
want to get those soon so of course
there's probably obvious reasons why I'm
using the drill brush it's gonna make my
life way easier gotta allow me to get in
all these cracks and crevices and be
really simple so what I'm gonna do first
is just go ahead and hose this off
so now that it's hosed off I'm just
gonna take my super clean and I'm going
to basically drench it I'm not gonna be
conservative at all spray a bunch of it
on here get it in all the cracks and
crevices and I like to let it sit for
just a second to start breaking down the
dirt that's in these cracks and crevices
because the more once again I can break
down kind of these corners and these
creases and little slits just makes my
life easier and then I'm going to take
my drill brush with my 5-inch head right
here super firm bristles and go ahead
and get to work so that's it probably a
total of like 30 seconds and now I'm
just going to hose it off with my hose
again
now next what I'm gonna do is take my
two inch brush head attachment that once
again is the same firmness and I'm gonna
spray some super clean on the mat again
I'm not gonna spray as much as I did
last time but I'm specifically gonna
spray it in the creases or like the
hard-to-reach areas now all I'm gonna do
is take my drill brush with my smaller
head attached and I'm gonna go over the
creases and the small cracks and
crevices I'm not gonna hit the main
areas that I already got with this it's
very obvious and easy how to do that but
basically what I want to do and what I'm
trying to avoid is this drying in the
Sun and then me seeing after I've
already done this oh there's still some
dirt in the corners there's still some
dirt in the cracks and crevices now I
have to do that again get the mat
probably wet again and kind of backtrack
and I don't like backtracking because
once again on the detailing world each
step is a very specific sequence and
it's hard enough on its own and I don't
want to have to do it twice I'm gonna go
ahead and take my two inch drill brush
and get all of these cracks and crevices
[Music]
then obviously just gonna take my hose
and go ahead and hose off the map so now
I'm just left with this clean mat and
I'm gonna go ahead and just stick it out
in the driveway in the Sun where it can
dry so I know this was a super short
video but that's really all it takes to
clean weather mats the only other note
that really you need to understand is
that dressing weather mats can be kind
of a dangerous thing one thing with
weather mats is that when they dry
they're not always a uniform appearance
like you would like as a detailer a lot
of Detailers are like perfectionist OCD
so they want that really uniform black
appearance but the problem is because
weather mats because of the nature of
what they're for they get scuffed up
really easy they get kind of frayed they
have little marks on them even sometimes
they're cracked because they're being
stepped on all the time they're being
stepped on they're being you know
stomped on rub with your shoes all
different kinds of stuff so they just
take a beating and so my job with
weather mats is not to make them perfect
but to make them perfectly clean not
necessarily to give them a uniform
appearance and if you try to make them a
uniform appearance you'll probably drive
yourself nuts and the other problem is
sometimes guys will try to dress them to
make them a uniform appearance dress
them some sort of tire shine or just
vinyl dressing plastic you know rubber
dressing and if it gets wet it gets
really slippery and it makes a dangerous
thing for the driver and your customer
because they might slip on the brake or
slip and hit the gas different things
like that and so you also have this
dangerous element of just why you really
don't need to make it this uniform
appearance really the only job I'm
trying to accomplish with weather mats
is getting them perfectly clean so if
you liked this video hit the thumbs up
button and if you have any questions
comments concerns hook up all that stuff
in the YouTube comments below because I
always read those and I'm sure to get
back to you as fast as I can and if you
want to get your hands on anything I
used in this video the super clean
degreaser the drill brush attachments or
the power drill in and of itself again
the specific drill brush attachments
that I used in this video are something
that I am personally developing in my
professional auto detailing world but I
will give you guys links to very similar
things that work you know very well
along side of this that are also on
Amazon that you can get your hands on
that will give you pretty much the same
results in this situation as these drill
brush attachments did so if you want to
check out any of that stuff use the
Amazon links below because it does give
this channel very small Commission but
it helps this channel stay alive so I
can keep giving out awesome content just
like this all the time and if you're new
to the Wilson Auto Detailing come
definitely consider subscribing because
I come out videos all the time just like
this on products tools strategies
communication skills business skills and
so much more all in an effort to up the
pro Detailers become more successful and
profitable in their businesses and I
show the same strategies that turn my
business into a full-time income with
part-time hours so if that interests you
definitely subscribe once again thank
you guys so much for being involved and
as always from Luke here at Wilson Auto
Detailing keep working hard and I'll see
you guys in the next video
[Music]