[Music]
hey everybody welcome back to the guitar
tricks Channel I'm Neil Walter your host
from guitartricks.com got a tip of the
week and a lesson of the week for you
right here the tip of the week is on how
to get feedback out of your guitar when
you're having trouble getting feedback
the tip is you walk over to your amp and
you touch your guitar to the cabinet of
your
amplifier make sure that it touches the
wood and the vibrations will resonate
through the guitar and the amp and give
you some feedback check it
out you're not quite getting that
feedback you can always turn it up loud
that always helps come over here and
just touch your guitar the body of your
guitar against the amp like this
what happens is the sound starts to
resonate between the wood pickups and
the speakers you get this great feedback
going
[Music]
on for our lesson of the week we're
going to show you how to use the whammy
bar aka the tremolo bar and one of these
right
here give you some tips and tricks on
how to get rock and rolling with your
whammy bar action and uh some of the
most obvious stuff is the die bomb
effect where you pluck the load low E
string basically you're just plucking
the low E string and dropping the
tremolo arm down now depending the way
the way that you do
it the feel of it is really which
dictates the sound that comes out the
way that the dive happens like you can
just
go and it's not going to be cool is if
you if you're listening
and really need to know how your tremolo
works so keep keep prac practicing till
you get a good feel for your tremolo so
you can get it to sound the way you want
you can also go the opposite way start
from the bar being dropped all the way
pluck the
string bring it back
up works on any
string also if you do a Trill and drop
the whammy bar that sounds
[Music]
awesome sounds great with harmonics
especially on the G string down or up
well this is a good combo the seventh
fret B fifth fret
G can also use it with pinch harmonics
I'm going to do a pinch harmonic on the
second fret the G string right around
the neck
pickup little Eddie Van healing trick
you can do a pinch
drop back up and then hit another
harmonic on the way up
[Music]
really cool stuff also here's another
couple things you can do with your
tremolo bar if you bring it back all the
way so that it doesn't drop you might
have to screw it in like that so that it
sits right here you can do a little
flick on the back after you strike a
note and it's got a cool effect too
check it
[Music]
out also grab it in the same position to
raise the pitcher
note if you have a Fender Strat this
probably won't
work because it's got a a flat tail
piece that rests up against the wood
tremolo is great for nice clean sounds
little Jazzy
effect just a light movement of the
bar if you nice FBR
[Music]
with everything else it just takes a
little practice to get the feel down
where you can execute it the way you
hear it in your brain that's our lesson
for the week but thanks for tuning on in
right here at guitar tricks Channel
check us out at guitartricks.com or
leave me a request right here on YouTube
we're also on Twitter Facebook and
Myspace come on back in a week and we'll
show you some more stuff right here have
a great week everybody
[Music]
w
[Music]