okay there and welcome to no recipe
required I'm David and today I'm just
gonna show you a real simple cooking
technique how to clean broccoli anything
you know it's not rocket science it's
not all that hard but with a little bit
of knife work you can actually get a
whole lotta more useful part out of the
broccoli than you might if you're just
thinking you're going to use those top
florets let's go ahead and get started
okay so I've got some broccoli here and
I'm going to go ahead and show you how
to how to clean it off and get it
prepped for cooking now it comes
sometimes with these long stems if it
just comes with hot no problem you're
going to do the same thing a lot of
people throw away these stems though and
you don't need to I like to get rid of
the bottom part maybe the bottom inch
and a half or so you want to make sure
you know this piece can get dry and kind
of woody I'm just going to toss that but
even on this side you know the inside is
it's pretty good no reason to throw it
away you do want to remove kind of the
outside layer though so once I get that
you know that bottom removed just take a
little paring knife and take off you
know what is that maybe an eighth of an
inch piece of the stem all the way
around four or five cuts and then you're
left with some nice broccoli cook that
off it'll get nice and tender these
things you know if you want to keep them
for stock or something like that you can
absolutely do it I'm going to toss them
the the florets themselves we can go
ahead and just take again our same knife
same thing applies to this you know as
you get further up you need less
trimming florets though you get to the
top and you can just kind of either
leave them whole or you can just kind of
break them off into these nice pieces
here for your individual little florets
easy as that I'll see you next time on
no recipe required