hey my sweet be it's The Sweetest Vegan
here today for the southern queen of
vegan Cuisine project we're supposed to
make a sheet crab soup but I wasn't in
the mood to replace a bunch of fish and
crab today so I went with turnips cuz I
love turnips and we're going to make a
turnup
[Music]
soup so we're going to start this recipe
by adding olive oil and onions to a big
pot over medium high heat now I rinsed
out my pot right before I started and
then I added the olive oil in without
wiping out the pot so the oil and the
water kind of exploded and I kind of had
to like do a rescue mission just to put
the onions in the pot so it was it was a
mess it was an ordeal don't do that go
ahead and let the onions cook and soften
while we peel and chop our turnips peel
it then slice it then we're going to
chop it put the chunks of turnip roots
in the pot with the saut√© onions now
we're going to season it all salt PE
pepper
Rosary vegetable
broth and almond milk in Old sweetest
speak in fashion my pot was not large
enough my pot is never large enough
because I hate washing dishes so I try
to use the smallest pot necessary and it
never works out I always end up washing
two pots instead of the one big pot that
I could have washed from the beginning
just get a pot big enough from the
beginning bring your pot of turnup
goodness to a boil and then let it
simmer for about an hour now it's the
perfect time to add your mixture to a
blender or use an immersion blender to
make it all creamy and nice but I don't
have a blender right now I only have a
food processor and I think the liquid
would go everywhere so I'm just going to
leave it chunky in the broth I think
it'll be nice I like texture anyway so
let's taste it I couldn't wait the taste
with turnip root taste by themselves and
so I burned my mouth it was so hot right
out of the pot I like took a spoon
dipped it in the pot and put the thing
in my mouth and it was super duper hot
but it was delicious if you want to
replace like potatoes ever like you're
just tired of Irish potatoes eat some
Turner Roots they are just as good if
not better the Rosemary was a hit like I
love the Rosemary I always love onions
salt and pepper you know those are like
normal things but the turn by itself has
a nice flavor it's smile you can add it
or eat it with anything and I just liked
it I like the soup and I hope you like
it too thank you so much for watching
today I really appreciate it if you
liked it give it a thumbs up and if you
want to see more subs subscribe and come
back tomorrow
bye we're going to start this we're
going to start this we're going to start
this recipe by adding we're going to
start this
recipe it's hard to think about the
words and then make them come out of
your mouth as you think of more words
but you're saying words at the same time
and you want to have emotion and
reflection with those words but you're
thinking about how you're going to
deliver the next words like it's
difficult
okay so we're going to start