if you're interested check out my book
Humble Home simples Shacks amazon.com
DIY cabin and Tiny House Concepts and
ideas also coming up got a workshop
relax shack.com April 11th through the
13th handson we're building two if not
three tiny houses and cabins you're
actually going to be building and uh
what ties into this video is here's
something I want to try out we're
building a really funky bizarre cabin I
figure since at night we might be having
a few cocktails after the workshop's
over by the bonfire why not take the
bottles you know all the beer bottles
Bon Farm bottles and whatever we have
and make a bottle tree out of them very
simple I saw this down in Matt leche
Florida lioma love Groves Gallery she is
immensely talented and you look at the
colors that she's employed or just used
haphazardly in this bottle tree and it
looks kind of cool trash made into a
tree or art TR if you will Leoma lovg
grove.com her compound is just
mind-blowingly cool but the the way to
make these it's really simple you just
take a post in this case she painted it
blue and then you radiate a bunch of
nails spikes or dowels from them and
just start slapping on your bottles you
want to try to keep them so that the
openings are facing downward this way
when it rains they're not filling with
water in well breeding mosquitoes so
it's a very simple how-to I took these
photos while out in mat leche Florida
mat lacha as it seems it would be
pronounced and I just wanted to share
with you guys it's something we'll be
trying at the workshop