an important part of caring for your
felt hat is regular brushing even if
your hat seems clean to the naked eye
dirt and dust work their way into the
felt and when combined with even a drop
of water these particles will turn to
mud spots that can be difficult or
impossible to remove a soft bristled hat
brush when used correctly will help to
keep your hat dust free starting from
the bow on the hat band brush and long
strokes work your way around the hat in
a counterclockwise motion remembering to
always brush with the NAP lightly brush
the crown taking care to not damage the
blocking when finished
flip the hat over and use the same
technique to brush the underside of the
brim use a black bristled brush for the
majority of hats while white bristles
work best for light colored hats both of
which are available at village hat shop
calm