okay guys you're probably wondering what
I'm doing here this is of course a very
rare kit this is the 172nd scale space
shuttle orbiter and I've got it out here
in the Sun now the reason is because
I'll let that car go by okay so the
reason is that I had stalled out on this
a long time ago it was painted in
rust-oleum satin white and it was
beautiful if you guys remember from a
long time ago but sitting in the drawer
it had turned yellow and I'll show you
the other half of this in a second and
so I can remember what everybody was
saying about decals that turn yellow you
just leave them out in the Sun and they
will turn bright again and I was just
wondering does that work with white
paint and well let me pick this up and
bring this in and show you the other
half this has been sitting out here for
about an hour so it's not even done
cooking but when you compare it to the
other half look at that that happened in
one hour look at that that's just
incredible and that's like new hope for
this I thought I was going to have to
repaint this anyway let me pull out the
other parts I want to show you what else
I got here okay so here we go I've got
the rest of the parts out and as you can
see all the parts that were white turns
yellow
it's been years it's totally
understandable but my gosh if this is
gonna work this is really going to help
out and yeah I just pulled all the parts
out so then because I know that y'all
probably gonna be curious this is the
one that has the pattern this is the
good one so it is totally worth
rescuing I have all the parts yeah even
though landing gear turned yellow see
that and the this was that was just
because it was that that rust-oleum
satin white will definitely turn yellow
yellow over the years but there may be
hope you might be able to just leave
these things out in the Sun now here's
another car I can't remember exactly the
paint I used on this but as you can see
it is turning yellow as well let me see
if I can get a good look at that see
that it's just not bright white and so
what I'm gonna do here just like I had
the one piece out there I'm gonna line
all these pieces up and let them get a
tan so to speak we'll see if they can if
I can bleach all this stuff out this is
awesome okay and there they are
I'll help getting a tan one good thing
about Florida is that if this works this
is really easy because it is always a
sunny day now I'm not crazy about
leaving all these rare parts out here
especially the little tiny ones because
they have a lot of birds and if it's
nesting season they may decide oh that
little piece of landing gear would make
a good addition to my nest but as you
can see boy it's all getting bleached
and of course you know some of these
pieces like that one I'll have to turn
over after about an hour too but and
that one and kind of just turn these and
gosh I think this is gonna work I'm
pretty excited about this
then there's the car I'll have to turn
that several different ways over the
next couple of hours and we'll see what
we get all right we'll see in the Nixon
okay so this stuff has been out here for
about 20 minutes only about 20 minutes
and now just now it occurred to me that
I need to take the hood off because
there was gonna be some white in there
that had turned yellow and already look
at the difference between the inner
fender flares and the outer white
I didn't look before but I have a
feeling that these were the same shade
of yellow and now now it will get the
sunlight and gosh it's happening fast
just amazing
okay so here we go now if they've been
out there for I think about two hours
maybe maybe a little less than two hours
about an hour and a half but we've got
the wind is kicking up we've got a storm
coming and I didn't want this stuff
flying off into the breeze so we stopped
it there and you can kind of see some
differences like one because I did put
both halves of the fuselage back out
there so one kept on bleaching and then
the other one was starting so they are a
little mismatched but it's just a matter
of putting them back out there again as
you can see everything else is nice and
white and we're having a little bit of a
contrast issue here because the surface
that I'm on here this is PVC this is PVC
paneling or something and it is turning
yellow so I kind of I'm thinking I got
to take this whole thing off
and put that whole panel out there in
the Sun for a while too so what happens
by very good results so far if you
happen to be thinking all those aren't
so great results check out this so I
didn't turn the parts so the other sides
are still horribly yellow so that's how
we started right there
and that's what we ended up with and the
same thing is happening on the landing
gear of course only one side is bleached
sorry about the dirtiest fingernails in
the world I'm kind of not doing this
today I'm doing a whole bunch of
cleaning but the wings look fantastic
this is probably going to be the most
stubborn part right here because of the
angle of the Sun it's hard to get it in
there I kept turning all these parts you
know this way or this way to get other
parts of them in the Sun but this one's
gonna have to go back out to get it to
catch up to some of these others well I
got lots of time and then the car yeah
it worked on a car too okay white that
thing is that crazy and I'm glad I
showed the car because basically what
you have is a finished model there with
all different color paints on there and
the question was gonna arise can you
just put the whole car out there like
safe you've got a car a white car in
your display case that has yellowed over
the years can you just put the whole car
out there and yeah within a couple of
hours it'll be white again so y'all that
have the yellow cars they're supposed to
be white put them on put him on out
there you know it didn't melt or
anything by the way the melting point of
polystyrene is like way up in the 400s
you don't have to worry about it melting
out there but now it's it's game on on
this you know I'm Kenny in particular I
know you're gonna be wondering and do I
have all the parts I do have all the
parts I even have the decals just don't
know where they are but I will find them
now the the only pieces I'm missing
Kenny I've got the big main engines
there and I've got those smaller ones
but what I'm missing
is the really small ones that go on
these pieces I am missing all four of
those and so I've got to come up with
something interesting that looks exactly
like the correct nozzle you know parts
of a pin cap or who knows what if you've
got any ideas Kenny let me know you turn
these back over because showing the
yellow side and I show the white side
anyway there's proof that it works white
paint can become white paint again after
it's turned yellow in the cabinet or in
the drawer and gosh game on this this
thing is so far along I might want to
just finish it up it all it'll hold the
paint if I can find those decals the
Space Shuttle with no decals not gonna
look right and off and I can't find them
but I'll keep looking and I'll let you
know what I'm doing with this appreciate
your watching kind of did this whole
video on a whim because I was cleaning
found the Space Shuttle tested a piece
and next thing you know it became a
video but appreciate your watching and
you all have a good one