back in 2007 I made a bread and butter
pudding video it was fantastic but it
had one problem I didn't really know
what I was doing with the cameras or the
lights so you couldn't really see the
pudding properly so today I'm remaking
it and I've made a few changes in the
recipe over the years but I know you're
going to love it let's make some bread
and butter pudding on the one pot chef
let's start by making our custard
mixture into my mixing jug I've got four
eggs and to that I'm adding in a quarter
of a cup of castor sugar or superfine
white sugar a teaspoon of vanilla bean
paste now if you don't have vanilla bean
paste don't panic just use vanilla
extract or vanilla essence but i loving
using this vanilla bean paste because it
just has such an intense flavor half a
teaspoon of ground cinnamon
two cups or 500 milliliters of milk and
one and a quarter cups or about 300
milliliters of cream and using my trusty
sexy red whisk of death we're just going
to whisk this together until
everything's nice and smooth that's
looking good so we'll just set that
aside next I've got 8 slices of bread
and all I've done is I've buttered them
on both sides you can use butter or
margarine and then just cut them in half
diagonally I highly recommend you use
day-old bread as it's a little bit more
absorbent and is really good for this
kind of pudding I've lightly greased a
30 centimeter by 20 centimeter baking
dish with a little bit of butter and all
I'm going to do is take our bread slices
and I'm just going to assemble them on
the bottom here just take half at first
to do the first layer next I'm going to
sprinkle over some sultanas or whatever
dried fruit you like if you don't like
dried fruit don't panic you can just use
chocolate chips instead and repeat with
the remaining bread put over some more
salt on azure chocolate chips or
whatever you're using very slowly and
gently pour over your custard mixture
and I'm just going to sprinkle a little
white sugar over the top now this is
important I want you to leave this on
the counter
for about 10 to 15 minutes and allow
that custard mixture to get sucked up
and absorbed by the bread and this is
ready to go into the oven preheated oven
180 degrees Celsius for about 30 minutes
or until the custard has set and it's
nice and golden on top and this is our
bread and butter pudding the fresh out
of the oven and if I just give it a
light shake you can see how it's still
got that little bit of wobble to it just
perfect we're just going to leave this
on the side for about five minutes allow
it to cool then we can serve it up let's
have a taste
mmm oh wow
it's creamy and smooth and top layers
nice and crunchy and the fruit definite
flavors are vanilla and cinnamon all
throught absolutely gorgeous you could
serve this with some ice cream or a bit
of whipped cream or just by itself well
I hope you enjoyed this recipe check out
other videos at one-pot chef show calm
and until next time see you later
you