I'm very excited today because I'm going
to do rice and beans but I'm not going
to do it on the stovetop and in the
future I will be remaking that video to
how to make rice and beans on the
stovetop because I want to give you more
instructions today I'm going to try it
in a slow cooker you're watching the
bear pantry show
so this is what we'll be using red
kidney beans this is a one pound bag and
you can use any brand of red kidney
beans and we're going to be measuring
two cups out of this bag so I believe
it'll be about half of the bag that
we're going to be using and then we're
going to get washed and put into the
slow cooker here's one cup of the red
kidney beans and I'm putting it in a
colander so that we can you turn the
water on to get it washed really clean I
tried this with pinto beans the other
day and pinto beans was so filthy dirty
that I had to wash it wash my seat I use
more than half so it's more than half a
pound so we're going to measure by cups
for this one and we're going to turn the
water on and just wash it wash it as
clean as you can get it before we put it
in the slow cooker the beans are washed
and it's in the insert part of the slow
cooker I've washed some cilantro and I
didn't dice it just wash it and put it
in there I've diced some onions we
didn't need to dice it very fine but we
definitely don't want it to be sliced
and then I'm going to add a little bit
of garlic and I don't have garlic that I
peel and dice each time I just buy this
thing in the bottle and I just put a
little bit in because I'm not a great
great fan of garlic so I you can put
more if you'd like but I put a little
bit and we're going to add some water to
about halfway and the mark of the crock
pot and this is a I believe this is a 5
quart crock pot so I'm just going to add
I'm adding it my cups only because you
want to see how much water halfway come
soon so that's two cups and then this is
going to be four so I added a total of
six cups and that looks about halfway in
the crop in the slow cooker so we're
going to get the insert inside of the
cooking element and we're going to turn
the crock pot on I put this ceramic
insert inside of the cooking element and
I want to let you know that not all slow
cookers are Cree
this is euro-pro and when the button is
actually on high it'll cook this beans
in about 4 hours so because I want to
cook it overnight I'm going to put it on
low today because I wanted to take 8
hours other brands like crock pot brands
even though it looks like this will take
way way longer to cook on low it's like
10 to 12 hours and on high it's like 8
to 10 hours so you basically have to
know your crock pot ok or your slow
cooker so I'm putting it on low because
I want this beans to cook overnight for
about 8 hours and then tomorrow morning
we'll pick up where we left off and add
the other ingredients so let's get the
lid on so I have everything in the slow
cooker and it's turned on and ready to
go so it's the next day and we let the
beans cook for about 8 hours in the slow
cooker last night and then just shut it
off early in the morning for me and I
just kind of left it there to let it get
cool and stuff as I went about my day
and so now I've come back to where we're
going to start adding the rest of the
ingredients including the rice let's get
started
and I want to show you how the beans are
they are not too soft they're not too
hard let me squish one so you can see
see it took a little bit of effort to
squish it you don't want to go too soft
when you're doing rice and beans
especially in the slow cooker because
it's going to cook for another two to
three hours when we add the raw uncooked
rice I wash three cups of raw and cooked
rice and I'm going to add it right to
this right now before we add salt pepper
or anything else and we'll look at the
proportion to see if the rice is an
adequate amount of rice to add to the
two cups of beans that we had going if
not we'll add another cup of rice but
for I know let's check so I think this
looks like a really good medley of rice
with beans because you don't want one to
overpower the next
so now I'm going to add about half a can
of coconut milk and this coconut milk is
whatever we had on sale it a brand no
brand is um is better than the other one
as far as I'm concerned as long as it's
on sale and I'm going to add about half
and I'm just kind of feeling it okay so
that's about half of the coconut milk
and then let's check to see if we have
enough liquid in this or if we need to
add water
so I checked with the rice and beans
whisperer just now to make sure that the
amount of liquid to the amount of solid
is enough to cook this rice and beans
for the next two to three hours in the
slow cooker so what we're going to do is
put this back in the heating element in
the cooking part of the slow cooker and
we're going to put it back again on low
and we're going to allow it to cook for
about two to three hours or as much as
needed to make the rice get fluffy and
cooked to where it's not breaking out
your fillings or your crowns okay so let
me get this back in the in the slow
cooker and we'll check on it like every
hour or so and of course I totally
forgot that we have to add salt and
black pepper so this is one and a half
teaspoons that I've measured out to add
to the pot and you can taste it to see
if it needs more or less well not less
at this point I know it's not going to
need less so it will probably only need
more so one and a half we're going to
work that in with the spoon and then
we're going to put the lid on and turn
the slow cooker on low and we'll check
back in an hour so
so it's been about an hour and a half
and we're going to take a look at our
slow cooker rice and beans to see how
it's coming along I'm going to stir it
because I'm not sure if I just leave it
there if it's going to be cooked in all
portions so remember this is new to us
this is only the second time that I'm
making this rice and beans and as you
can see it will need a while longer to
go because the rice is still cooking in
with the beans so I'm going to come back
again in about an hour and I'm going to
do the same thing again but we're not
doing anything special just stirring it
with a serving for putting back on the
lid I'm so excited about this rice and
beans today the slow cooker rice and
beans it's cooking right now and in a
little while we're going to see how it's
coming along we're going to check it
like every hour
it's about two and a half hours since I
put the long grain rice the dry on coat
long grain rice in with the beans in a
slow cooker and this is the second time
that I've come here and started with the
serving fork and it's just to make sure
that all the parts are getting cooked so
basically what I can tell you already is
that you won't be able to put this on
and then go for a run or a walk or
something and then come back and find it
ready and waiting for you because I
don't think it'll cook everything well
if you don't come in here and kind of
move it around so this is just another
option to making it on the stovetop and
I'm going to redo that stovetop video
really soon to include more instructions
for the people who are having a little
bit of difficulty cooking the rice and
beans on the stove top without making it
burn so in the crock pot you can't go
wrong because it's not going to burn so
I'm going to come back like in an hour
and I'm going to stir this again and the
see if it's ready because I can see that
some of the grains of the rice are not
all the way cooked yet but can you see
if we had made the beans go too soft
before I added the rice in how the beans
would have gotten really mushy in here
so that's very important that we pay
attention to making sure that the beans
doesn't get too too soft before we add
the rice in be back in about an hour
so it took a total of about three hours
15 minutes two three and a half hours to
complete see it's beautiful
then let me show you let me get let me
plate this so that I can show you the
finished product
here it is our beautiful rice and beans
made in the slow cooker if you wanted
your rice to be a little bit less soft
then put less of the coconut milk when
you're adding in the wrong cooked rice
to the slow cooker I like it like this
so because I like my racing beans to be
soft let me see if I can zoom in for you
get you close-up beautiful
you
okay so see how beautiful our rice and
beans came out fluffy and soft and not
too moist not too dry oh I'm so happy
that I've learned how to do this rice
and beans in a slow cooker and I hope
that you guys try it especially my
little friend Heather the one that
visited me that gave me this idea I hope
you try it please tell me how it comes
out and in the future we're going to
invite her to come be with us and one of
the future shows where we're taping
probably rice and beans on the stovetop
thank you for watching I love you for
subscribing thank you for picking up the
book until I see you again take