hi and welcome to episode number 580
with watts watch our kama microcosm
publishing based in Portland Oregon sent
me an advanced copy of a very
interesting book due for launch the book
is called wild fermentation and covers a
myriad of fermentation recipes from
brian pickles to cider vinegar kimchi
and a whole load more the final
publication will be in hardcover with
full-color photography you can check out
the website by clicking the link below
in the description one of the recipes in
the book is hard to make cultured
buttermilk and other than the overnight
wait it is really quick and super easy
all you need is a liter of full cream
milk and a bottle of cultured buttermilk
to use as the starter culture for a
quarter cup of the cultured buttermilk
into a large jug pour in the milk and
give this a good stir
[Music]
put a lid on the jug or cover it with
cling wrap and place this in a warm
place to ferment overnight the following
day you will have a liter of lovely
thick creamy buttermilk this will last
for months covered in the refrigerator
and you can use this as a starter to
make even more buttermilk as required
stay tuned for tomorrow's episode when
we use this buttermilk to make a batch
of buttermilk rusks south africa's
traditional crispy crunchy dunking
biscuit thanks for joining us today
please like subscribe and share and
we'll see you again tomorrow