[Music]
hey you guys okay so I am going to come
to you with one of my favorite sides um
sauté cabbage it is a winner in my house
and I just thought I'd just show you
guys how to make it I brought it to a
couple work events and it's a hit so I
just thought hey let's show you how to
do it it's a super simple easy process
um so this should be a quick video and
um let's get right to it I am going to
use a cabbage blend of a purple cabbage
and a regular green cabbage so I don't
do anything special um I've already
basically take taken the outside coats
off and I'm just going to show you real
quick how I cut my cabbage I don't
really have a a major method um because
I'm sautéing and I want the pieces to be
large enough to eat but not too large so
basically I'm just going to take what
starting off with cutting in the bottle
and then from there I'm just going to
kind of slice it up into fours so I
basically do that and put it in my
Coler and then I'm going to take the
green one and do the same thing and so I
do this back and forth when I mix the
cabbage and this is just so I can have
an easy blend um making sure I get it a
even amount
distributed um a purple and green
so I'm going to continue to
[Music]
cut okay so from there I'm just going to
give it a good rinsing and while that's
rinsing I'm going to uh get my oil ready
and so I'll show you my oil blend
okay so now I am going to show you my
oil blend so I'm sautéing this so it's
semi healthy not really cuz I'm using
oil but I make a oil blend which gives
the Cabbage a amazing flavor so I'm
going to
use a
tablespoon of extra virgin olive
oil and I'm also going to use a
tablespoon of coconut oil
and I'm going to use a
tablespoon of bacon grease yes I said it
bacon grease um I usually save my bacon
grease it's some it's old school I
learned it when I was younger and it
gives food amazing flavor so I usually
uh when I cook bacon I strain it and I
usually save it don't judge me it is
fire so let's uh use a a tablespoon of
my bacon
grease so these three oils are going to
give the Cabbage a amazing flavor so
I'll let this mix down blend together
and then I will throw my cabbage in so
once my oil has Blended together and
it's heated and I'm heating it over a
medium heat I simply just add in my
cabbage and y'all I'm going to stuff the
skillet so you will see major stuff yes
[Music]
[Applause]
stuff I'm going to stuff the skillet and
I am just going to throw a
uh top over it to kind of steam it up
and let it cook down so I'll be back
after it Cooks down for a little bit so
we're back so it's been about 5 minutes
and I am just going to basically toss my
my cabbage moving the Cabbage from the
bottom um to the top the top to the
bottom so real quick this gets tricky
because as you can see I've over stuffed
this but it's starting to Brown up and
soften and already without any seasoning
it's smelling
amazing so I really like personally I
like a few Brown pieces in my cabbage so
I try to Brown up maybe the first layer
and then I really mix it a lot after
that so again I am just going to really
just try to rotate the
Cabbage making sure I get all the stuff
off the bottom
[Applause]
layer and start cooking through and this
will shrink down atically like any any
uh lettuce
so I am just going to cook it again for
another 5 minutes or so and then I will
repeat this
process okay so it's been about 5 more
minutes and I as you can see look it's
it's steaming down it's cooking down
it's looking great and I'm just going to
flip it again making sure I sep seate
all the pieces and just keep doing this
I'll probably do this one or two more
times before I add my
seasoning allowing it to really cook
down but not cook down too much I don't
want any mushy cabbage I want this to
have a nice crunch to it so it is
cooking up really
well so I'm mix it making sure
everything is
switched around and the purple color is
coming out and the green is mixing and
it's looking really pretty and it's
going to be
delicious all righty be
back okay so it's been a couple more
minutes and now it is time to apply my
seasoning okay so first of all just take
a really good look at
this so I got some nice mix of some
brown pieces um if you can see I got a
nice good crunch like you can feel that
there's a still crunch but it's tender
and the color is beautiful this is going
to be amazing you guys okay so because
of the because of the seasoning I mean
because of the oil mix I use I get a
little flavor from the olive oil I get a
little flavor from the coconut oil and I
get a lot of flavor from the bacon uh
grease then I don't I'm not going to use
a lot of seasoning this is going to be a
light seasoning mix so what I do is I'm
going to add just a little bit of my
Lorry
seasoning not a lot I'm going to add a
little bit of the garlic powder I'll
probably go a little more heavy on this
you never can have too much garlic
right I'm going to add a little onion
[Applause]
powder and some black pepper ground
black pepper
[Applause]
pepper okay so from there I am just
going to mix it up making sure that the
seasoning is evenly distributed over the
[Music]
cabbage and I'm going to let this cook
down just a few more minutes uh just to
allow the
seasonings to uh Mery up with the
Cabbage I'm going to keep mixing it I
really want this seasoning to be evenly
coated so I'm going to be doing a good
mixing and I'm going to cook down for a
few more minutes and that is going to be
it this is amazing this is the best side
ever I love it my family loves it and it
has been a hit every time I take it to
an event at work or wherever
so I'll let this cook down just a few
more minutes it's simple it's easy and
then I'll show you the end result so
we'll be back it'll be just a few more
minutes this probably took a total of 20
to 30 minutes I mean it doesn't take
long like to cook down doesn't take long
to cut rinse off this is an easy easy
easy side so I'll let it cook down a few
more minutes and then I'm going to
remove it from the
heat so I left this cook for a couple of
more minutes and I am simply just going
to remove it
from the
skillet and
that is it I'm going to
serve and this is great like this
actually it heats up really well as well
so it's a great side it heats up for the
next day without getting too mushy and
overall again as you've heard this is a
great side so uh
enjoy and I uh hope you like it so
comment
subscribe and thanks for watching
bye-bye
[Music]