hey everybody H the smell of
mint um I tried some uh was store bought
but it was like mint tea or you know you
know herbal tea I guess um it was so
good and uh so you know as a fun thing
to do I guess this fall or this winter
I'm going to be trying to uh make my own
herbal tea so I got the mint here and
you know I'm probably going to be mixing
it with the green tea um finally got
accustomed to The Taste um I guess it's
like anything you know the first time
you try a beer doesn't really taste good
uh but the more you drink it so it's the
same thing with the green tea and but me
and though it was a love at first taste
anyways I'm just going to show you how
I'm harvesting my mint uh basically let
me just get the phone on the there you
go all right now imagine that this is
the mint you know growing I cut it up
because I want to grow myself some um
some more mint because I really loved it
so what I do basically I just cut uh
there you go you can rip it out with
your fingers if you want to but I like
to just cut like that you know this is
the rest of the leave even you know this
is just going to I guess Brown a little
bit there and the plant is going to be
using those little pieces of uh leaves
you know to still work make some
chlorophyll anyway
uh basically what I want to show
you uh just find one with there you go
uh reason I do this is because mint will
Sprout from the um I guess the um the
armpit of the leaves for lack of a
better word uh so that's why you know I
don't want to go too close because I
don't want to break this new little
shoot so that's why I just go like that
and I cut it up you know who cares what
the leaves look looks like anyway it's
going to be becoming
tea uh ah well you might as well do a
little bit on the
propagating mint is really easy to
propagate and it can be really invasive
uh especially if you live in a warm
climate whatever it can grow I guess all
year long and basically you
know there you go cut up some pieces of
it and you want to have a I guess a
somewhat clean stem and just put that in
water that easy it's going to be
starting to shoot uh roots not sure if
it shoots roots from where the leaves
are but it shoot Roots everywhere uh you
can also just put them right in the pot
and it should work also uh but for me
I'm going to be trying the uh the water
first and I might try the pots too we'll
see anybody hopefully but he doesn't get
the um I guess the taste for mint so
might as well show you guys just take a
pot with h this is just plain potting
mix you know if you have some uh any
soil pet Moss or anything you know
something that keeps water in for at
least a day uh because you're going to
have to keep the water the uh the soil
warm uh this one's a bit too long yeah
anyway just take your
stems stick it it in the soil
like
that and the mint should start sprouting
roots without any problems and again you
know you can use a just a pot of water
sorry I wasn't watching the camera just
a pot of water with um the stems in them
and they will grow anyway maybe
something you want to do just tap around
the stem so the dirt is uh made sure
dirt is all around the water is probably
going to be doing the same thing anyway
when you uh water it there you go and um
yeah make sure you water it really
well uh yeah these are too long I'm just
going to be cutting them later on and uh
yeah you should have uh lots of wind to
plant um not sure where I'm going to be
planting this though probably in the uh
my new garden bed or somewhere else I'm
not sure
I almost forgot don't forget to uh wash
everything up before you put it to dry
because uh not sure if you can see but
there's a lot of uh you know little crap
in there some I guess soil and some dust
and uh yeah now let's put it up to
dry all right now just like the cadians
of old used to uh dry Cod I'm going to
be drying up my uh little mint Lea
and by the way this is what I meant the
little frame I
built pretty uh useful now pretty happy
that I built them like what three or
four years ago buddy don't eat the meat
know the meat for you see everybody