and now quick tip sponsored by e3 when
no ordinary spark plug will do you know
if you work on cars and trucks long
enough eventually you're gonna have to
bend some sheet metal to repair a fender
or build a bracket or whatever and the
best way to do that is with a sheet
metal break but what if you don't have a
sheet metal break or the money to buy
what well you can still bend metal like
this as long as you have a bench vise
and a couple scrap pieces of 2x4 here's
how to do it all you have to do is take
your two by fours slide them into the
vise then take your sheet metal slide it
down between the two by fours lining up
your Bend line keep everything straight
then when you're ready just take your
thumbs and using slow even pressure bend
the metal then just take it out and
finish off the band with your fingers
and that's it that's all there is to it
what you end up with is a bend that is
just as good as something you would have
done with a sheet metal break and that
goes to show you that sometimes the best
tools are just laying on the floor in
front of you now if you'd like to learn
some more tips about how to make your
life easier in the shop check out the
tips page on the website