hey I am Ryan paneer with Ironwood
outfit and you know what YouTube needs
yeah another floating shelf video okay
look I know I know
there are a thousand if not more than a
thousand floating shelf videos on
YouTube but most of them show you how to
make one or two little shelves inside of
a bathroom or something this is for a
larger job there will be five seven-foot
shelf in a room with a ten-foot ceiling
so we're going to show kind of what it's
like to back out a bunch of these so I'm
gonna pull all the staples out I will
walk you through step by step now the
frame or the core the skeleton whatever
you want to call it is really easy
there's a little trick that I'll show
you in a second right now these things
are going to be seven feet long but the
box or the case that's going to be over
the top of them is 3/4 inch stock so I
got to subtract an inch and a half
[Music]
now the frame of this it's gonna have
supports that come out like this and
then the box that slides over it however
what no one seems to talk about is
something that is really helpful is
marking the stud location on here first
so that when you go to mount it you
don't have these in the position that
where the stud is gonna be and that's
where you want to put a screw so you
have to skip one and on a 7-foot radish
up this big
you kind of want as much support as
possible where I'm going it is three
inches to the left of the center line
that's where the stud location is up
from there all we have to do is mark 16
on center
[Music]
the more you mark now the easier things
aren't
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
this is why marking out stud location is
so important this I didn't know if it
was going to come up but it really did
firstly so this is how they been laid
out basically on one corner then you
just put one in the middle
problem is the middle of this section
here way too close to that stud location
when it comes time to mount it I hit
this thing like crazy
I can't melt so because I'm located at
first and LLL know exactly where the
studs are gonna be I can slide this
piece over give myself plenty of
clearance on this stud and it makes life
a whole lot easier again it's not the
end of the world but I want to hit every
step that I can so that these can
support as much weight as possible
[Music]
[Music]
so I did every single one that I
realized the last one I did I did upside
down
I was the thing I was trying to avoid
the entire time and sure enough I mean
those look kind of like the middle right
I don't know whatever you'll make
mistakes
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
I'll explain more in a second but
because I'm using this old miter saw you
can see here none of the joints line up
well
[Music]
okay so truth be told it's been three
days since I worked on the shelves
you saw me using this thing it's an old
porter cable every single adjustment is
totally out of square and not by a
little bit and I know you can kind of
adjust the fences but it's totally
pointless and the reason it's been three
days since I worked on anything is
because Amazon has two days shipping
don't judge me
[Music]
[Music]
so if you didn't know these pins and
Brad's are like have a little bevel why
am i showing it to you you're feel like
you're able to see that there's just
tiny pins anyone now sometimes you'll
see them ricochet off earlier I actually
shot myself Oh got shot with the nail
which means they ricochet left to right
if you're holding the gun straight that
means if I'm shooting into a thin
three-quarter inch piece like this if I
put it sideways which is the easiest way
to nail it on edge like that it's easily
gonna shoot in or out so it doesn't work
so shooting it like this means when it
deflects either left or right with these
23 gauge pins it deflects like crazy it
still goes into the material you don't
have to worry about
[Music]
as I'm finishing up assembly and sanding
I want to thank everyone as always for
watching I haven't been able to post
nearly as many videos as I'd like lately
but I have some really cool plans for
the channel coming up so stay tuned
subscribe if you haven't already I
should have a really cool shop tour in
the next probably month or so that
highlights some really cool stuff like
the dust manifold and the assembly table
and some other things so thanks for all
your support and patience the more you
like comment share and subscribe the
more of these videos I can put out I
really appreciate it and I hope you
enjoy the rest
[Music]
okay we're almost done with sanding I
went up to about 120 I'm gonna go to 180
or 220 but before we do the last grid I
wanted to show you a little trick
there's a couple of little gaps like
where the miters don't quite match up
not that any of us ever make that
mistake I brought you in close and I
thought it would be good to start off
with the largest gap this is I mean it's
probably not a sixteenth of an inch but
I mean that is a pretty substantial yeah
and now you do this before the final
sanding just because you're gonna
probably have to sand a little bit of
glue off take some glue squeeze it into
there and you kind of force it in with
your finger
then I use a burnisher this is to
burnish card scrapers you can use the
end of a screwdriver you can use
anything but all you do is bend the
fibers down like this you just start
squeezing it in you work from both sides
so you burnish this side down you
burnish this side back into it and
before you know it there is no gap
anymore especially with soft wood this
works phenomenally well
and now for the finish I'm just using a
thick um bird i diluted with mineral
spirits it's one of the absolute easiest
things I've ever used you just flood it
on and wipe it off and it looks
absolutely great
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
here I'm using an HVLP sprayer and pre
catalyzed lacquer then I touch sand
everything with 320 spray a second and
third coat and I always end with a non
scratch scotch brite pad that honestly
took me three takes to say correctly by
the way it is a serious tongue twister
anyway
this knocks down any high spots or dust
that settles in the finish but doesn't
really dull hardly at all and it leaves
everything silky smooth
[Music]
all that's left now is the install which
is always the best and worst part of a
job I love that it's almost over but
it's a little annoying in someone else's
home if something goes wrong but
planning ahead by locating the studs and
thinking through everything ahead of
time made for a pretty short and easy
and self
the only change I made is that I used
four shells instead of five so it didn't
look quite so crowded and I installed
the last shelf in their breakfast nook
so I will leave you with that and the
final reveal thanks again for watching
and I hope to see you next time
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]