welcome to cooking companion TV and this
recipe demo of turnip puree with leeks
from the new vegetarian cooking for
everyone by Deborah Madison give this
video a thumbs up if you like it we'll
start with a russet potato and peeling
and chopping it into about half inch
chunks russet potatoes are best for this
type of recipe because they have a lot
of starch which gives a creamy element
to the overall dish however you're using
it and we'll break down the turnips next
we need about two pounds of turnips for
this and they have to be peeled with a
knife the skin is too thick for a
vegetable peeler so find your system for
cutting off the skin easiest and get to
it
you have to cut deep enough that you see
the veiny part of the flesh and we'll
also dice these into the same size we
chopped the potato now in the US we have
several types of turnips and these are
the ones that you can find loose in the
grocery store I prefer the smaller
varieties that come out in the spring
because they don't have to be peeled at
all and they can be cooked with their
greens and one of my favorite ways to
eat turnips and their greens is simply
roasted with olive oil salt and pepper
and then we need to chop the leeks and
just the white parts now the quickest
way to prep the leek is to cut off the
dark green part then remove the root and
then slice the stock down the middle and
then we can just peel off the outer
layer to easily wash the inner layers no
since my white parts are very short I'm
using a little of the light green part
too and finally we need to thinly slice
a clove of garlic
we'll place all of this in a pot and
cover it with cold water add salt of
course and bring it to a simmer
partially covered until it's all tender
about 15 to 20 minutes then drain the
pot and reserve the liquid or at least
two tablespoons of it now we'll mash the
tender vegetables with a fork for a
rough textured puree or you can pass
them through a food mill now if anyone
owns a food mill please comment below
I can't imagine many people owning one
of these these days or rather I can't
imagine anyone using it often so I
started mashing all of this together
with the reserved liquid in the bottom
of the bowl you can do that or mash the
vegetables first and then add the
reserved liquid to thin it out you can
also use cream or buttermilk now we will
stir in some butter and chopped thyme
although if you want to make this vegan
I expect some fruity a really grassy
olive oil would do really well here with
a lot of black pepper and maybe even the
dash of nutmeg I don't know if you make
it let me know what you think of adding
nutmeg and that's it there are some
variations like adding Gruyere cheese or
creme fraiche or sour cream or simmering
the vegetables in milk instead of water
I do feel my dish needs something like
Gruyere but I also suspect I used more
turnips than I needed to I think really
buttery German butterball potatoes could
do well here because they have that
natural butter flavor and we serve this
with a pan-roasted sole fish fillet and
it was wonderfully clean so give this
video a thumbs up if you liked it
subscribe to this channel for more demos
just like this I'm Jonah Edwards and
thanks for watching
[Music]