time for dessert Scotch pancakes with
caramelized bananas and rum and vanilla
ice
cream pancakes why do we only eat them
February once a year Trove Tuesday which
is crazy this is an American style
pancake light fluffy and absolutely
delicious start off with 150 g of flour
and Si the flour as you pour into the
bowl baking powder keeps the pancake
really nice and light and fluffy salt
three
eggs 75 M of water and 120 mil of
Buttermilk and the secret behind this
pancake mix is to make sure that we've
got no lumps anywhere whisk the eggs
into the flour get your buttermilk just
add half of it in give it a really good
whisk that's nice and smooth already the
rest of the
buttermilk and when you make your
pancake mix like this it's chemistry so
follow the recipe exactly now we got
this really nice smooth batter that's
ready perfect non-stick pan sunflower
oil and just run that out half a ladle
in a minute and a half on each
side pet knife in and over look
absolutely beautiful onto the plate this
is where it gets really exciting we're
caramelizing bananas it's important to
slice them lengthways in order to make
sure that they don't go mushy in the pan
I'm going to make a really nice quick
caramel 50 g of sugar back onto the Heat
and start the camera don't whisk it
don't put a spoon in there just leave it
in the Pan Once you you're happy with
the color take it back off the heat
butter bananas and what I'm going to do
now is delaz the pan with some rum rum
banana caramel goes brilliantly rum in
nice lovely think of the flavor a little
cup of water just to let the caramel
down so it's not too sticky and Rich and
too thick there we go that's ready be
generous with them because it is just
the ultimate indulging and then finally
to finish it some really nice ice cream
on
top and drizzle that over very very
quick and
easy Scotch pancakes caramelized bananas
with rum and vanilla ice cream done
beautiful now one of the Americans are
so [ __ ] fat