Rob here recently my washer would stop
when it got to the rinse cycle I'd
understand what was going on after a
whole bunch of changing this changing
that trying to get it to reset I thought
to myself hmm self have you ever noticed
that when you open the lid during the
rinse or spin cycle the washer stops
probably like a safety device so I
thought well maybe the washer for some
reason thinks that the lid is open
you'll probably notice on the lids of
many of your washers as a plunger
mechanism that when it closes it goes
into a hole here that activates a switch
I remove the two screws that hold the
switch in place and then remove the
front of the washer away and lo and
behold I was able to bring out the
culprit there is our plunger switch and
the housing was indeed bad it was not
making a circuit closed and that was our
culprit the end of the switch cable
harness originally came right up to this
point here in the back of the control
head to a plastic connection where this
unit here would plug into it I decided
just to close the circuit permanently so
I can just eliminate the switch
altogether I took that original plastic
connection and right there close the
circuit and had a grounding wire so I
went ahead and continued that to ground
I'm going to now connect two together
and wallah that should complete our
circuit and it will now show that the
lid is always closed regardless if it's
open alright now I don't always I'll
just put the control head cover back on
I'm over back up to the wall hook up the
water and let's give it a test drive as
a side note since I already had the unit
out from the wall I noticed that the
little strainers that are inside the
water line were completely kicked and
full of lint and gunk and so it's a good
idea to go ahead and take those out and
wash them or replace them all right
we're ready for the
trial run here I'm going to go ahead and
turn this to your normal wash at ten
minutes all right we stop flow go ahead
and throw in some detergent
alright I'll tell you what I'm going to
load this up with some dirty clothes I
didn't watch the last hour out and we'll
see what happens during the rinse cycle
you hear that folks I think I've done it
let's take a look
there you go folks spin cycle is in
effect not by the way this is a Kirkland
it's about 12 years old okay there you
go take a look at that lid switch if
this ever happens to you thanks for
watching