hey guys this is me so here welcome to
my kitchen and today we're going to be
making a good southern favorite it is
fried okra so follow me along and you'll
see how to do it be one of the greatest
side dishes you could make your family
will love you for it
here we go hi guys this is me so here
welcome to my kitchen
today we're going to be making some
fried Oprah I want you to see here I'm
not using an entire package but this is
a 28 ounce package of a cut open so when
you get it if you're going to fry it you
want to make sure that you get cut up or
if you just walk up and pick up just any
pack and don't read it you might be
getting whole aqua which is its taste
the same but you can't use it you don't
want to use it for frying so this is a
bag of cut up I think it was a little
bit less than $2 so it's not an
expensive vegetable and it makes a great
side dish so you have gone to churches
chicken or a lot of different places
you'll see fried okra on the menu this
is how you make them all so I want to
just say this is a 28 ounce package I'm
only cooking for three people so I'm
cooking a little bit less than half of
this so here I have my okra in the bowl
and I've already um let it sit out for
our spin setting out for maybe all a
couple of hours and I did that because I
wanted to begin to fall and I want the
moisture that gets on it when it sauce I
want that moisture to get on it because
it's going to hold the cornmeal so I'm
just going to sprinkle some cornmeal and
you just do that depending on how much
upper you're going to cook I'm going to
sprinkle some cornmeal on it I am going
to go ahead and sprinkle in just some
regular black pepper
I'm gonna also use what I love and
that's that lemon pepper seasoning and I
put it in just about everything I'm
going to also use some Goya adobo
seasoning all right I'm gonna also put
into this just a little bit of salt not
a lot because we remember that the adobo
and the lemon pepper has salt already in
it so then I'm going to take my spoon
and I'm just going to mix this up just
to get all the seasoning and the
cornmeal on all of the okra so now my
upper won't be if you had it at Church's
Chicken or some of those places my okra
won't be exactly like that because that
aqua is pre breaded and it is crows and
flash-frozen with the up breading on it
so therefore when you make it I might
put just a little bit more cornmeal
because I want a little better coating
therefore when you make it
none of the coating falls off none of it
okay so that's pretty good and coated
let me just get a little bit more
cornmeal on it so that's really a very
that that individually fried okra that's
that's a good way that's not really the
old southern way because again like I
said that has been flash-frozen and it
pre breaded and it's been cooked in hot
oil or in a deep-fried cooker but the
way I'm gonna do it it's the way I love
it it's what I came up on it is um just
okra fried in the frying pan no deep
fryer back in the day when your mom's
didn't have deep fryers all they had was
that trusty black cast-iron skillet
okay so I've got these mixed up just the
way I want back here you see in this um
cast-iron skillet I have just some oil
heating up and I believe it's already
heated I'm going to go ahead and get my
okra down into this frying pan can you
hear it sizzle
so I don't want to just get that extra
cornmeal that that fell to the bottom I
don't need that in there so let me just
get okras out and that's it let me just
push them down all into the oil and like
I say these won't be as if they were
flash frozen and individually cooked in
a deep fryer but this will be the Old
South Way of cooking it like our
grandmother's used to make and it'll
just some of them will be stuffed
together some will be more crispy than
others this is the way that I love it
can you see the upper getting brown
around the edges so once we see it
getting brown we just began to turn it
over
we are all done and delicious look at
that
Oh - brings back so many memories my
grandma could probably cook about the
best ogre I've ever tasted
get yourself some cornbread oh my god
some sliced red tomatoes ah maybe some
fried corn that's a meal all in itself
you don't need any anything else try
this out guys you see how simple in the
East it is and it's very good I've
drained these on a paper towel and then
after they drain I just took them up and
put them on this platter I could eat all
these just about by myself but I'm going
to share because I got some other people
waiting two others that want to keep
diving in guys I appreciate you so much
for stopping by my channel thank you and
come back
you