hey everybody I'm here today to show you
how to create a chores chart for your
kids so as you can see I have created a
sample chores chart that you can use now
this is us once again it's just a sample
so you can use this just exactly like
this or you can make any changes that
you desire so as you can see I have the
first column here that says chores so
you would put each chore in this area
right here so let's just say that I
wanted to just put down two chore
examples so one will be to dust so this
this chore will be to dust the house and
this chore will be to do the dishes
after dinner so I'll just put down dust
and dishes now I have also included a
points points column right here because
you can actually assign points for each
individual chore so let's just say that
dusting was worth three points and doing
the dishes was worth one point
now the next columns are for the days of
the week Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Thursday Friday now on this chart I have
only included the weekdays but you can
definitely include the weekend days on
yours too just like I said this is just
a sample you can make any changes that
you want to this sample so let's just
say that for dusting let's just say that
I only wanted the house to be dusted on
Friday I didn't want the house to be
dusted on Monday Tuesday Wednesday or
Thursday I can block out those days by
putting an X in them just like that and
now the children know the kids know that
they should only be dusting on Friday
and let's just say with regards to the
dishes that you know the dishes have to
be done every single night so I wouldn't
put any X's on the dishes row right
there so let's just say that Friday
comes along and one of the children
wants to dust they would go ahead and
dust the house and they would write
their name on the day in the correct
spot so if they dusted on Friday they
would write their name right here let's
just say Alex dusted on Friday and you
know let's just say throughout the week
different children different kids did
the dishes on different nights so let's
just imagine that Judy did the dishes on
Monday night let's imagine that Alex did
the dishes on Tuesday night Judy did the
dishes on Wednesday night and then let's
just say that Sam did the dishes on
Thursday night and once again Alex did
the dishes on Friday night so that every
time that one of the children does the
dishes or does the chore they will
simply write their name in here now the
cool thing about this is that you can
actually use these points so at the end
of the week or at the end of whatever
period that you want to use for the
chores chart you can tally up the points
and you can say that you know Alex got
three points for dusting and then he
also got two additional points for doing
the dishes on two separate nights so
Alex got five points this week Judy got
two points because she did the dishes
twice Judy got two points this week and
then Sam got one point because he only
did the dishes once so once again it is
a simple chart that you can use and when
you accumulate the points you can sort
of keep a running total for each of the
kids and then the kids can actually use
the points to redeem rewards so for
instance you can you know use any
rewards that you would like to they can
be actual actual tangible items so they
can be you know something like a new toy
or something like that or you can even
use you know things that are not
tangible and not financial so for
instance if let's just say that you
could a won reward could be if one child
accumulates 30 points they can choose
the movie on the next movie night so
let's say that your family has a movie
night every two weeks the child that has
30 points and wants to redeem those 30
points can actually choose the movie
that your family will be watching you
can also use
free time or computer time or anything
like that you can use those as rewards
as well but this is basically it this is
the chores chart that I have created and
once again it is just a sample you can
use it just like this
or you can make any changes that you
want to the chores chart and once again
you I have included a point system and I
have spoken about some rewards that you
can use and this is you know just an
idea you can take it with a grain of
salt you can use it just like this or
you can add things or remove things from
the idea but basically in this video I
have shown you how to create a very
simple chores chart for your kids it is
very effective when you use it and if
you implement it and you sort of monitor
it on a weekly or you know even a
monthly basis then it can really really
be super effective and that's all I have
for you today thanks for watching