subscribe to our Channel and press the
bell icon for the latest updates don't
forget to Like us on Facebook flax seeds
are tiny brown seeds that have a nutty
flavor they are obtained from the flax
plant flax seeds are beneficial for the
health and growth of our hair just
consume 1 spoon of grounded flax seeds
daily but remember consume grounded flax
seed not the whole seeds as they pass
through your digestive system without
being digested let us see how to consume
flax seeds take about a spoon of flax
seeds and roast them for 5 minutes after
that grind them to a fine powder you can
eat 1 spoon of flax seed powder directly
without adding anything during breakfast
time or you can add 1 spoon of grounded
flax seed with 1 tablespoon of yogurt
and have it another way to consume flax
seed is adding a spoon of flax seed
powder to a glass of water and have it
you can also add 1 spoon of flax seeds
to your favorite smoothie and have it
you can consume 1 spoon of grounded flax
seed daily by using any of this method
they are a good source of fiber flax
seeds are high in omega-3 fatty acids
which help you avoid a dry scalp and
nourish your hair it also increases the
hair elasticity leads to less breakage
they are a great source of vitamin E the
best vitamin you could use for hair
growth because of its strong antioxidant
properties which prevent hair and scope
damage boosts blood circulation and is
also helpful when it comes to preventing
premature graying consuming flax seeds
can greatly benefit you in terms of hair
growth as they are a great source of
both soluble and insoluble fibers
prevents issues like acute hair loss and
dandruff it helps controlling issues
like hair breakage hair fall and hair
loss
they nourish the follicles and hair
shafts making them stronger and less
prone to damage this also ensures that
the new growth is strong and healthy
they help improve hair elasticity you
can speed up the process and ensure that
your hair grows out healthy with this
simple ingredient I hope you liked the
video if you liked this video then give
it a thumbs up and share it with your
friends thank you for watching