oh hi guess it's been a while since I
last made a video and but hopefully I
should be making more in the coming
months and I'm hoping that by putting
this out there it will kind of make me
do it
so anyway this chair I was giving it to
decorate for a little girl's bedroom
while not even a little got a little
baby especially him because she's so
small and cute I didn't want to well I
was really aware that it could easily go
wrong with my span of art because I love
painting with black paint I love dark
images and it became really apparent
that you're not going to be allowed to
do this this time only when I started
with the legs because I thought well at
least if I Messimer I can try and
recover them a little bit easier
probably than if starting on the seat of
the chair so I started thinking kind of
and it's in Wunderland fairytales a bit
quirky something that she might still
hopefully like when she gets older but
she doesn't have to so that's another
thing and that here's the seat I did it
similar color stirs at what exactly the
same colors as the legs but sort of
sponged it out so that it blended in
with the white I didn't want too much
color all over because I thought it
might be a bit much especially with the
black and white really seasoning and
stripes on the legs and the same that I
did on the back of the calf which you
will see in a minute and here are the
legs and I alternated the lavender and
pink between the front and the back legs
and then I mirrored the black-and-white
stripes from the bottom of the legs on
the back part of the chair just to give
it some consistency and I was quite
worried that it was going to be too much
but I think it looks like okay so that
was good and then the rest of the
background for the chair
I used the gradients of laminin baby
pink just firmly all tied in together
[Music]
when I started working on the seat of
the chair
I was really struggling for ideas of
what I wanted to do I decided to go with
a more foresty vibe and chose to go with
ivy and vines because there was a lot of
damage done to the chair because it was
old and this holes in in the back and I
thought it'd be really nice have divined
intertwining with the legs or in the 20
with the holes and at this point I
wasn't sure how how much Ivy that was
going to be and I was just aware that I
didn't want it to end up looking like it
was something out of Woodstock so I
tried to limit it to a some more
simplistic design and I used the pink
from the purple in a darker variation as
I did with the legs just so that there
isn't too much going on
and this first set of Lee took me
absolutely ages I have no idea what was
going on with me but for some reason I
was just I just couldn't do it for ages
and but then it's finally going to the
same thing I was into the I believe I
was I was living I believe and I decided
to take the brave step are putting more
black paint on the chair play so I did
the vine solid black
I wasn't sure if it was even going to
look any good but I don't know it won't
Pat for the best I think I like it so
you know I wasn't sure what to do about
the veins of the leaf a tried pen at one
point didn't work
so just stuck with paint white paint and
and smudged it out with my finger a
little bit as it was drying just so that
it wasn't so in-your-face and this is a
little overview of how far I got at that
point so the little girl her middle name
is rose so I thought it'd be nice to
maybe sneak a few little roses onto the
design so I chose two roses for the back
and to hang on those to register the
front flow and and just put a few basic
shapes down in pencil and in paint so
that I could add detail later on
I also carried on as you can see with
the I believes in that design I was
quite pleased of myself because I came
up with the idea that well the chair
came with a little hole in the in the
top of it and in the way of concealing
it I decided to have the ivy leaves
filling out from the little hole as you
can see there a little bit and I wish
quite pleased myself
yeah ask more leaves more Ivy more vines
more pink or purple more more black
paint it was all 12 and nature this time
around this is a little glimpse at the
back of the chair I did the same kind of
process as I did with the front just
penciled out the design just I believe
this time and painted it up I did this
little butterfly in the top right hand
corner of the seat and it was a little
bit harder than I anticipated purely
because my brush with piece-of-crap it
wouldn't it wouldn't a cooperates me
because the bristles are all I just I
need a new little brush okay I need a
new Lilly brush and then as the final
step I just used in a black fine fine
liner to highlight some of the details
on the leaves on the roses and just
bring it all together and that's the
final kiss Kher so yo your
here's the chair from some other fancy
angles so yeah thank you so much for
watching I really hope you enjoyed the
video leave a comment let me know what
you think hopefully I'll be making some
more videos really soon so maybe
subscribe if you want to keep an eye on
what I'm doing and that's it see ya
[Music]