[Music]
I just love do-it-yourself projects
especially when you can upcycle
something that's well an ordinary
household object like a fruit jar now
just recently my friend and modern
pioneer Georgia Pelini challenged me to
add my own twist to a DIY project from
her latest book which is called modern
pioneering now when I saw these painted
mason jars I thought what can I do to
spice this up a little I think I have
just what the Pioneer ordered a stylish
mercury glass
look you see in the mid 1800s in America
mercury glass was used as an affordable
alternative to Silver so what we're
going to do today is we're going to make
our own mercury glass an affordable
version of this original
hack the materials you'll need to make
this project are cleaned and dried mason
jars water white vinegar a spray bottle
a few paper towels and some Looking
Glass
spray to start fill the spray bottle
with one part water and one part vinegar
in
shape then set the nozzle of the spray
bottle to its finest Mist setting armed
with the spray bottle in one hand and
the Looking Glass spray in the other
gently spray a fine mist of the water
vinegar mixture on the outside of the
jar you want to create small droplets of
water that beat up and do not run follow
up the water vinegar spray almost
immediately with a gentle and even layer
of the Looking Glass
spray next just allow this to dry for a
minute and apply another fine mist of
the water vinegar solution and then let
them
sit now allow this to dry for about 2
minutes then gently blot the beads of
water and vinegar solution with a paper
towel and don't rub very hard because
the metal finish will streak though you
can apply gentle pressure in various
areas to achieve a more realistic and
varied mercury glass look then just
repeat the same process over and over
rotating between resting your glass
container on its base versus its top so
you get full coverage all in all I
usually spray on about three to four
coats in total now once you finish
you're going to want your jars to to
rest and dry for about 3 hours before
you begin to use them pretty convincing
huh all right now a little decorating
what I'm going to take is some inch and
a half wide grow grain ribbon love this
chartreuse color andna wrap it around
the mouth of the jar and then I'm G to
tie a bow on it like this it's going to
be very simple just a double knot like
that and then I'm going to just trim
these ribbons little Tails just cutting
a notch in here I just think the fabric
adds a nice touch and now it's just a
matter of arranging these here I'm going
to use some of these Iris that I cut out
of the garden
I like grouping them together you can
see this makes a nice ensemble in this
larger quart jar I have a p called Coral
charm in the medium size one I've used
some of these flag Iris and then daisies
in this smaller pint siiz jar a
beautiful Ensemble for any type of
setting
[Music]