welcome to Kiwi faves I'm on the road
finding the food you love and the
stories behind them this is Aaron so my
TV fave is my grandmother Dorothy's
Ambrosia certainly this is her recipe
it's a very simple way of doing it I'd
say that every single special occasion
since I was very small Ambrosia has
featured in a large meal my family is
quite large my grandmother Dorothy had
five daughters wow just one grandson and
six even more beautiful granddaughters
you can put as many things as you like
in it she like to use unsweetened yogurt
because it just made it a little bit
tart and the chocolate to marshmallow to
fruit ratio is all up to you that's it
would you believe that's it that's it so
this is your first time tasting Ambrosia
first time relish it
what do you reckon it lives up to all
its rotations I would do it's heaven in
your mouth so that's Dorothy's uh
Ambrosia it's Erin's kiwi fave jump
online grab the recipe and share your
kiwi fave at kiwifaves.co.nz