welcome to the world of fish the Tetra
team is here to help you create the
perfect home for your goldfish let's get
started the first thing you should do
when setting up your aquarium is make
sure you have all the parts that came
with it most of the time these include
hood and light power filter air pump and
tubing additional equipment and
accessories can include a thermometer
heater AirStone live or artificial
plants decorative items for the floor of
your aquarium and cleaning
accessories start off by inspecting the
tank in the aquarium stand be sure there
are no breaks or cracks in the glass and
that the stand is solid now it's
important to decide where to put your
goldfish's new home it should be a
sturdy surface like a countertop desk or
aquarium stand a filled and populated
aquarium weighs about 10 lb per gallon
of water while they like the warm water
of about 75 to 80° Goldfish do fine at
room
temperature make sure the aquarium isn't
too close to a window also there
shouldn't be any direct drafts so be
sure to keep it away from vents now
you're ready to assemble the components
and create your new goldfish home clean
the aquarium and gravel with water not
using any soap or cleansers the residue
from these can harm your fish then place
the aquarium on the stand you selected
or other sturdy surface pour the rinsed
gravel in the tank fill the aquarium 1/3
of the away with room temperature
water arrange and secure your plants in
decorations before filling the aquarium
the rest of the way be sure to add Aqua
saafe to neutralize the harmful
chemicals in tap water now fill the
aquarium the rest of the way with water
next add safe start to prevent new tank
syndrome and make it safe for your
goldfish this allows you to add your
fish immediately rather than waiting two
days
you can also add safe start after a
water change when adding new fish or
after medicating now add a thermometer
you'll want to keep the water at about
75 to
80° okay now it's time to install your
air pump connect it to the tubing and
run the tubing to an AirStone in the
gravel now turn on the air
pump next up is the power filter inter
intern filters will suction to the back
wall of the tank and can be hidden with
a plan or two power filters hang on the
back of the tank you might need to cut
out a section of the hood at the lines
indicated to allow for the power filter
place the hood in light on the top of
the aquarium install a timer if you're
using
one now it's time to introduce your
goldfish to their new home you'll bring
your goldfish home from the pet store in
a clear transport bag right when you
arrive home with your new fish float the
transport bag into your aquarium
unopened for about 15 minutes this
allows the temperature of the water in
the bag to slowly match the water in the
aquarium and helps your goldfish
adjust while the bag is floating add
Tetris saf start to your aquarium this
is always a good idea whenever you
introduce new fish to the water it
quickly conditions the water and
minimizes new tank syndrome for your
goldfish release your goldfish from the
bag by pouring the bag of transport
water and your goldfish over a net into
a bucket to capture the fish and discard
the water from the pet store gently
place your fish into his new home in the
aquarium don't feed him yet wait at
least 24 hours most goldfish won't eat
until they're comfortable and acclimated
to their new home this can take anywhere
from a few hours to a few days each new
goldfish in a tank May hide behind
plants rocks or decorations
this is normal as it gets comfortable
most goldfish won't eat until they're
comfortable and acclimated to their new
home be careful not to
overfeed as you start to feed your
goldfish once a day is enough just two
or three flakes per fish overfeeding
creates excess waste and decaying food
which can contaminate the aquarium water
instructions on fish food may say three
times a day that's appropriate for a
mature tank but not when starting up a
brand new tank your goldfish in aquarium
setup will Thrive with just a few
minutes of attention each week for
example check your equipment is it
working the way it should check that
water is circulating properly through
the filter and that water temperature
matches room
temperature take a good look at your
goldfish do they look and act healthy
use the light on your aquarium only when
you are around to enjoy it fish are fine
with natural light twice a month use
Tetris easy strips to test the water PH
and levels of ammonia and nitrate in the
water if you discover problems with
water chemistry a 25% water change will
help to manage the problem be sure to
add Aqua saafe to neutralize the harmful
chemicals in tap water now fill the
aquarium the rest of the way with water
regular water changes about twice each
month are the single most effective way
to maintain good water chemistry in your
aquarium remove between 1/4 and 1/2 of
your old water depending on your
aquarium size before siphoning out the
water use a gravel vacuum to remove some
of the excess gunky stuff from the
bottom of the
aquarium siphon out the used aquarium
water into a bucket and use the same
bucket for each water change be sure to
add aquasafe to the aquarium to treat
the water for harmful substances next
refill your tank using room temperature
tap water also add safe start to protect
your fish from the accumulation of of
dangerous ammonia and nitrite changing
the filter in your aquarium once every
month will also help keep your setup and
your goldfish looking great just remove
the filter cartridge from the tank and
dispose open a new cartridge rinse it
off and insert into the
filter each time you change your
cartridge it's a good idea to do a 50%
water change be sure to add Aqua saafe
when you're finished that's it you and
your gold fish are in the swim of things
visit our website and Facebook page for
more tips advice and information