hi I'm Evelyn brown a cattle woman from
Coleman Alabama I'll be demonstrating
how to prepare today grilled beef
chimichangas this is a national beef
cook-off recipe and this beef recipe can
be found at beef cook-off org and this
video is funded by the beef checkoff
chimichangas our delicious recipe to
serve to your family this recipe is a
healthier version of chimichangas
without sacrificing that grape flavor
you should expect and today I have one
pound of 3/4 inch thick top sirloin
steak the top sirloin is a versatile
lean steak that is well flavored juicy
and tender this steak is also a lean cut
according to the USDA guidelines it is
important to always cut beef across the
grain I'll be cutting the top sirloin
steak in half lengthwise that I'm
slicing each half across the grain into
an eighth inch strip you want to cut the
beef strips the same size so that it
cooks consistently you can partially
free steaks for about 30 minutes for
easier slicing place the beef and one
package of 30 percent less sodium taco
seasoning mix in a large bowl and toss
to coat you want to wash your hands in
hot soapy water before and after
handling raw meat and other fresh foods
always keep raw meat and meat juices
away from other foods both in the
refrigerator and during preparation wash
utensils cutting surfaces and
countertops with hot soapy water after
contact with raw meat keep carving board
separate from other food preparation
areas I'm ready to begin stir frying the
beef strips and combining the beef with
a chimichanga filling ingredients and
using a large nonstick skillet you set
the pan to medium-high heat and you add
1 TSP of oil once the oil is added I
immediately add half of the beef strips
you want to only cook half of the beef
it's time to properly brown the outside
and voice seaming the meat which causes
a gray color and loses juices from meat
the pan cook the beef for one minute
then turn it over and cook the second
side for one minute the outside surface
should no longer be peat quickly remove
the cooked beef from the skillet and
repeat this with one teaspoon of oil and
the remaining beef stir in four and a
half ounce one can of chopped green
chilies now third cup each of coarsely
chopped unsalted dry roasted peanuts and
chopped roasted bell peppers and chopped
fresh cilantro and mix that together now
I'm ready to prepare the chimichangas
before they are cooked spoon two heaping
tablespoons of shredded pepper jack
cheese into a warm 10-inch spinach
tortilla top with about 3/4 cup of beef
mixture when you want to fold the bottom
edge over the filling and fold in the
sides to close this and secure the
chimichanga with several toothpicks
spray the outside of the chimichangas
with nonstick cooking spray this will
make them crisp when they are grilled or
baked these chimichangas can either be
grilled or baked and I'll show you how
to grill them before you begin grilling
make sure your charcoal grill coals are
ash-colored to produce a medium heat and
if you're using a gas grill preheat on
medium place the chimichangas on the
grid and grill for about 3 to 5 minutes
on a charcoal grill or five to seven
minutes on a gas grill turning several
times they are done when they are
lightly toasted and the filling is
heated through these grilled beef
chimichangas will be great to serve to
your family you can be proud to offer
them this healthier version of a family
favorite remember to log on to beef
cook-off goerge for this and many other
delicious recipes from the national beef
cook-off thank you
you