[Music]
with more for those of you who don't
know are marshmallows chocolate and
graham crackers but of course it's got
to be a certain marshmallow a certain
type of chocolate and a certain type of
gram cracker and then cooked in a very
specific way we still want a very
traditional jet puff marshmallow
Hershey's chocolate I don't want any of
your fancy British chocolate and a honey
made graham cracker so I find atic coals
away from the fire I don't rush I just
want to get it nice and brown like a
expensive cappuccino or something that
color this is where most people cash it
out and they just eat that that's not
what we're doing what we're going to do
which is what separates us from the
large Cadre of amateurs is that we're
going to assemble it with the graham
crackers and the chocolate and then
Grill it again it's become an entity
unto its own self like a martini greater
than the sum of its parts that my
friends is a more
[Music]
[Music]