[Music]
Oh
today we are celebrating the strawberry
season is almost around the corner so I
end up with my friend Emma to bring you
two delicious strawberry recipe so Emma
is a lovely friend she's like my bestie
here on YouTube
she's a really nice person she made
over-the-top recipes on her Channel he's
a professional Baker so let me get you
two here for her
hello ebike I'm Emma over my pal today
we're going to be making strawberry
sweet rolls these are so simple to me so
love these and most importantly so
delicious but I will head over to my
house the best recipes say hi and
subscribe and join the stasi community
I hope C&S was sober so guys I really
hope you get to go to go see Emma
Channel watch her videos directly her
channel she's amazing Google Offers so
my contribution for this collaboration
will be a strawberry tart it is so
delicious guy we have a sweet pastry
crust which is already and it's almost
like a shortbread he has the history
steaming and salt with fresh
strawberries I mean Collins full of
wonder so let's get started
so guys we're going to start by making
our sweet pastry dough so in a bowl here
I'm going to add some softened butter
and some sugar and I'm going to cream
that together you can use a hat an
electric mixer like a son mixer with a
power attachment but I'm using my help
tell my hand help a lecture mixer and
I'm going to mix up their or they just
combined after that you're going to go
ahead and tap he runs over the egg and
mix on so it comes together nice and
smooth after that we're going to go
ahead and our all-purpose flour and our
soul and makes onto your it forms a
dough you will see the reviews a less of
a handheld electric mixer it will come
it won't come together right away like a
dough like on
let's give you use a stand mixer you
will see evil comedy like a goal but
here you will have to touch it with your
fingers bring it together with your hand
from two forms a dough after that I'm
going to go ahead and put it on my card
and here is the card friend that I have
give it something tip and I'm going to
go ahead and press my dough there make
sure that you press the dough on the
bottom and make sure to go off the side
[Music]
cover with plastic wrap and place it
into the freezer for 15 minutes after
those 15 minutes poke the dough with
with a fork so it doesn't rise while I
bake we're going to bake it at 400
degrees i hang for 5 minutes and then
after those 5 minutes we're going to
reduce the heat to 3 straight to the
with my hand we're going to bake it for
15 minutes or until the crust is nice
and golden brown
it will be lightly golden brown after
that you just let it cool completely
before you are any filling wood so guys
now we are going to make our delicious
crunchy filling so here in this bowl I'm
going to go ahead and mount some
softened cream cheese sugar lemon juice
and with my handheld electric mixer I'm
going to mix them high after the mixture
is nice and you want to make sure is
nice and smooth we're going to go ahead
and add our heavy cream and our vanilla
extra and mix until the mixture seconds
make sure it's nice and thick and creamy
after that use some lemon and is going
to folder in you can actually add the
lemon zest while you beat the cream
cheese but for some reason I just forgot
and I find it here if you get out a
better flavor of the lemon so after that
just put it into the fridge until you're
ready to use so guys here have some
gorgeous Swiss probably in the first
thing I did was to wash them and then
just Pat and dry and now I'm just going
to slice them
I stole some of the TSA filling in the
inner part and spread it out evenly and
after that you're going to decorate a
resist like strawberry you're going to
put them arrange them however you want
you can even fit more strawberry more
than what I did once we place all the
strawberries on top just cut yourself a
piece and the board okay guys this car
is so delicious I really hope you get
paid to try it because your sole leader
I'm telling you I have eaten half of
their car by myself already everyone
enjoyed it and it is amazing so guys I
really encourage you to go ahead and
check out Emma's channel she's amazing I
cannot wait to try those roll myself
here in the description box I will put a
link to her video and her channel so
until next time
so life