Smith CEO of 99 eats here at 71 not
beyond today we're making oxtails seared
slow cooked and ready to eat
so we got our onion nice and peeled and
what we're gonna do is just cut this
right in half
all right and with this this is usually
when you dice it and so I'll show you
right now there should be a nice flash
side on this side we're just gonna go
down and cut I would say about 3/4 all
the way through okay boom boom just like
that all right
there we go all right so you should see
something like that and then we're just
gonna take our knife and cut straight
back okay
go here go here and you just go down and
what you'll get are these little cubes
alright so that's the simplest way to
cut an onion in my opinion so how do we
got that out of the way we're gonna go
to the fun part you're gonna take your
ox tails typically you'll see some big
ones and you'll see some not so big ones
all right
the big ones typically take a little
longer but when you slow cook is is fine
because everything cooks at the same
time so we're just gonna dump that in
there all right to our ox tails you want
to add some salt and be liberal with
this okay because like I said this is a
tougher meat so you want to get a lot of
salt in there okay boom mix that up next
I'm gonna take some mustard mustard
typically I use this with pork but
you'll see like this is a pretty cool
ingredient and it adds like a nice
little tang to the oxtail as well you
take a little honey same thing we're
just gonna get a little sweetness in
there so right now we got our salt we
got our mustard we got our sweetness and
then we got to get our tank all right
Masonic vinegar not too much all right
so this is just a coating and the thing
about Masonic vinegar it helps with the
reduction of it like I said before we're
gonna take our celery you got some
carrots and you can chop these roughly
because really once we put this in our
bra like it'll start to reduce down and
then it'll become like nice and inedible
onions that we just chopped want to add
those as well next we're going grade our
garlic all right
he just braided in there so we'll grate
about three cloves of this just like
that and what you'll see is that it just
collects on there pop it right in all
right we start to mix that up just like
that
next we're gonna grate some ginger
similar to the garlic this you could
just grate it alright lastly this is a
pretty important ingredient time well
three or four sprigs you just add that
to it to marinate it and then I'll also
take this phrase and just take my finger
and go down and you'll get all of the
little flowers little florets mix that
up you just let this marinate I would
say between four to six hours or
overnight alright so the beautiful magic
of TV where Eddie got ourselves one
that's been marinating for the last six
hours and our beautiful fridge canola
oil put that in your steaming hot
cast-iron pan so this is nice and hot
you want to test it just slap one of
these bad boys on there and you'll hear
the sizzle right away okay there we go
that's exactly what you want to hear
so we'll put the rest of these on here
you want this all the way up so you want
to put your cast iron one on high heat
so what you want to do you want to leave
that in there I'm saying two to three
minutes should be good and and so now
what we're gonna do we're gonna start
making our broth okay what I'm gonna do
is actually take this bowl right here so
this is the bowl that our oxtail Meriden
marinated in for about like I said six
hours or overnight and we're gonna add
our liquids to our marinade what I did
is I put a little bit of orange juice
and some beef broth into this bowl okay
the orange juice axe is almost like a
something that breaks down the meat
excellent same thing so we got ginger
ale we're gonna do the same thing here
we're gonna add our ginger ale to it
we're just gonna mix this up all right
so we got that again we're gonna grate a
little more ginger
so with this marinade that's gonna fry
into it so you want to add a little bit
more ginger to your bra so then that way
it also infuses it when it's cooking
next we're gonna dice up our carrot and
a little bit of celery and add that to
it as well so we just dump that to our
marinade as well the rest of those
onions in there mix that up and set that
to the side all right so I think these
are about ready to flip we actually have
some oxtail in our slow cooker now I've
been cooking for the last six hours and
so I'll show you exactly what it looks
like once it's done this is what you'll
see so you see all the let liquid just
started to reduce down and create like a
gravy or sauce so you'll see that gravy
have reduced down and this is what you
want to put on your rice for our oxtail
this is exactly what you want to see
right here see how this falling off the
bone
there you go right there
you want that to pull right apart you
shake it and that's our oxtail Cheers
now everybody gets to triumph thank you