[Music]
[Applause]
hey guys I'm Tori with Bella canvas heat
press is a really easy technique you can
use on all of our products so today
we're at stalls the leading manufacturer
in the heat press category to show you
how to heat press on a few of our
top-selling fabrics so we've been doing
our YouTube channel for about a year now
and get a lot of questions about heat
press so can we go back and talk about
just the basics of what it is the press
is basically a vinyl or a substrate that
has a adhesive on the back then you're
able to use a heat press and press to a
garment so who's most likely to be your
heat press customer when you're doing
heat press you need to keep in mind that
you're going for a low quantity quick
turnaround he prefers vinyl doesn't
really replace screen printing there so
to speak but it does give you that
capability of turning around on the spot
or within a matter of a couple days
what's the difference heat pressing on
different types of fabric keep in mind
time temperature and pressure is key
cotton very resilient so you can use a
lot of different times and temperatures
with your synthetics you have to make
sure your temperatures are on the lower
side so you're not scorching that
garment are causing and breathing it
back so this way and you guys actually
did a lot of testing for us on our
different products and our different
fabrications and we have a whole
resource on our website which will
include so today I have our 100%
heirloom cotton our tri-blend and our
Heather CDC so will you take me through
the process of how each one keypresses
differently absolutely
okay so what we're gonna do today on
this one on the hundred percent cotton
is we are going to quit fashion come on
but we're gonna try to keep the
lightweight feel of the garment and the
light no feel of the application in
place so I'm gonna sleeve the garment
get it lined up make sure we're on here
straight which with the bell of canvas
not being tubular sewn it's fantastic it
helps us get it lined up there that's
better
so after sleeve in my garment I'm gonna
go ahead and give it a quick press make
sure that my temperature is good get all
the wrinkles and stuff out of the
garment I'm gonna place my fashion film
on top make sure it's lined up correctly
and what temperature are you doing so
fashion film goes on at 320 for 15
seconds and it's a warm peel it will
feel hard
so next we're gonna do our Heather CDC
which is 52% heirloom combed and ring
spun cotton and 48 percent poly
so how does that different than 100% so
here we're gonna put Premium Plus on
your product which will enable it to
stretch as much as as the garment does
and not hinder it it's very lightweight
goes on under low temperature and we're
gonna keep from scorching the product
and can you tell me about the difference
between this premium plus versus a
fashion faux the fashion film is your
all-around product your all-around
products gonna go on just about anything
and you know not give it a real bit
stretch but the price point is correct
your premium plus still out a great
price point as a premium pride allows
the stretch capabilities of the garment
we're gonna give this one a couple of
seconds before we peel because it is a
peel warm to cold I'll peel it off and
we're done so again great product
stretchable with a good feel
so finally we have our tri-blend which
is 50% polyester 25% heirloom comes in
ring spun cotton and twenty-five percent
rayon so can you tell me what is
different about this yes your try blends
are very very popular and kind of taking
over the market so to speak because of
the soft feel you get with the
synthetics and the rayon in the garment
it's it's a fabulous product so with the
rayon in in it as a tribal and it makes
it very very difficult because the rayon
burns and scorch is easier than anything
else it gets that soft feel but then
again you know we worry about decoration
so what we've done today is we've added
a lower heating element so we're gonna
actually heat it from the lower side or
the middle of the shirt and just kind of
touch it up on the top so if we do have
any scorch you know we do have any
problems then it would be on the inside
of the shirt and not the outside of the
shirt so to speak the temperature on the
top we're gonna do it at 250 to prevent
that scorching on the bottom we're gonna
go up to a full 300 degrees right we're
gonna use Premium Plus which is our
premium product of course premium shirt
premium product
this is a warm - a cool peel so I'm just
gonna pull it off a little bit because
again lower heating element and peel it
off
so to summarize on our 100% cotton lose
the fashionfilm we applied it at 320
degrees for 12 to 15 seconds on the
Heather we use our premium plus at 275
degrees for 7 to 10 seconds and on a
tribe lens we use our premium plus 300
degrees on the bottom with using our
lower heating element 250 on our top
heating element for 7 to 10 seconds
don't forget to subscribe for more
content like this we come out with a new
video every week
[Music]