hey everybody welcome back to gooseberry
homestead so I will be sharing with you
today how to take clippings of your
gooseberries on the second year's growth
and how you should route them now
ideally to be actually showing you this
it would be better if I had made the
video when I had taken these clippings
but I'm kind of doing after fact that's
okay
I can do another video in around
February time and I could make a video
at that point again next year
and then you guys could see how you are
supposed to do the clippings at that
point as well but without further ado I
will go ahead and I will share with you
and show you guys the clippings that I
have started already and kind of explain
how you do it so basically right here
you see some of the clippings that I
have that I have taken sorry about the
neighbors dogs barking I cannot control
the dogs and the birdy that is chirping
it must have made a nest nearby because
it doesn't want me near its nest so it's
kind of upset at me and I'm wondering
where on earth she made her nest
so anyways
so she's chirping hard at me alright so
what we have going on here we've got
about ten gooseberries here and this one
right here is still alive a fairly you
can see the green there and I'm hoping
that it'll come out of it what happened
was is the pot dried out too much and so
the rest of them as you can see are
doing just fine so it just happened to
be kind of an isolated incident
I started close to sixty starts around
the end of February the beginning of
March and so what you want to do is you
want to take clippings about five to six
inches in length and you want to make
sure that you have these little notes
like okay for example you see this part
right here where the little leaf is
coming out that is one of the notes in
each one of these sections there's
little notes right along here where
leaves would have formed now you want to
make sure you have at least four of
those nodes below the ground so down in
the pot and you're gonna put that stick
down in the ground the reason why you
want to use the wood about about a
year's about a year old is because it's
a harder wood and it'll stand up to
being in the dirt better than say the
softwood which is the green part so the
green part this year when wintertime
hits will actually become this woody
color right here and then in February
that's when you take your clipping for
instance right here if I decided I
wanted to take a clipping of this
clipping I would actually cut it about
right here just below just just above
this node right here and I
take the cutting there and then this
node because these leaves will all fall
off in the winter so right here this
node right here and this node and this
node I would push down into the ground
and have it below the dirt ensuring that
it will create a root in those sections
where the leaves would have formed so as
you can see here all of these ones have
taken root this one took root as well
but it had some die off
I have lost close to about 15 of the
plants that I had started from the
clippings this year and so you want to
make sure that you take a few extra
clippings just to ensure that you get
the amount of those very bushes that you
want to have in your yard now it's up to
you whether or not you want to sell off
your extras or if you want to give them
away to friends or family or anything
like that so on this side is what I've
got going on with these clippings and
I've got a good 6 inches growth on this
one right here itself and then over here
another 6 inches and this one about 5
inches and so as you can see I've got
the taller ones in the back there so
that they're not shading out these
little ones in the front but they all
have really good growth on them which is
really excellent these two little
gooseberries in the back are the ones
that came up from seed this year and
these ones this one definitely I will be
selling and this one right here I may or
may not sell we'll just have to wait and
see and then right here I've got some
more these ones I am actually gonna be
keeping myself for myself this one has
like a bazillion look at all of those
thorns oh my god
and they're all gonna get spiky and
sticky and some of them will do this
I've noticed some of them are a little
bit more spiky than others but next year
when it starts growing this is gonna
just take off you guys and then it'll
sprout out and it'll disperse those
those initial thorns will get dispersed
more so I'll actually make a clipping of
this top section next year and get as
many clippings out of it as I can and
start starts from it and then I will
have it down here at the base and then
it'll put out new shoots from the sides
of the gooseberry at the bottom and I
will have a big bushy gooseberry plant
in the same with this one here so and
then over here I've got about a 30 more
gooseberry starts looks like a bug kind
of got to that one in the back there a
little bit probably a caterpillar or
something and then over here we got some
more so there's 30 on this side of the
greenhouse and 10 on the other so I'm
about 40 total that I'll be able to sell
this coming spring this next spring and
I probably will go ahead and keep them
over the winter and then that way it can
take clippings from them next year and
ensure that I have a good amount again
to sell again because people are really
liking buying the gooseberries and so I
will have more to offer again and I just
figure I'll just do that every year and
have just so many every year and keep it
like that and yeah so here these are not
gooseberries but these are some goji
berries on this side but on this side
are some of the ones that I started from
starts as well from clippings and these
ones are from the giant gooseberries
that I had started in some of my other
pots I had shared these ones will have
the gooseberries that are close to the
size of a quarter so they're really big
and round and so these ones I started a
couple of them from soft clippings
so not the darker wood but as you can
see it's the lighter wood it's not
taking as well so I would not recommend
doing cuttings from the softer new
growth I would definitely recommend
taking it from a year's growth so that
it has that exterior woody texture to it
and then the the roots will actually
come from the nodes so there you have
that so that is my tip on doing that and
as you can see we've got some really
great growth you guys going on and I'm
really excited so that'll be it for now
you guys comment like and subscribe and
click that Bell button so that you don't
miss out any more of my videos and as
always have a wonderful day and God
bless bye