welcome to the poor man's gourmet
kitchen where we share gourmet recipes
and a little budget wonder now check
this out if you don't want to deal with
making your own dough this is a cheap
alternative these frozen dinner rolls
covered with a towel no time what you
don't want them to do however is rise
not yet right now you just warm softened
so we can roll them to the shape we need
them to be for our bread twists and our
not we just roll it back and forth till
we get these long thin cylinder shapes
just stretch and pull and see you get
about the length well you like to my
screen I guess enough and then you can
just tie it into a knot just like this
and yes it is a little bit sticky but
it'll work out just like this now to do
the twist there's really nothing to it
you just need a couple pieces the same
length and you just cross them over back
and forth like this until you reach the
end
and then just pinch it off like so it'll
stay together see there doesn't get much
easier than this
then you want to put them down on a
greased cookie sheet so they don't stick
I also want to make sure that you spread
them apart enough so when they swell and
rise they don't stick together and just
cover them up with towels once again
while you're waiting for that to rise
you want to get your butter gone you
just want to melt this down and add a
few ingredients starting with salt
garlic powder
and onion powder then just whisk this
briefly until it's soft and smooth and
then come back and check your rising
dough if it's real thick and puffy like
this then we give to go just brush and
baste over each one very carefully not
to press and flatten out the rise what
this is doing is adding moisture and
it's also going to help that golden
color and of course there's some flavor
in there as well and the butter on my
rolls they're just going to make sure
that every one of them is Kelly and
covered so we can add other ingredients
just the parmesan just give it a good
shake over the top of every one of these
and come back with a light shake of
oregano no big deal
one favored by these beauties
we're going to throw them in the oven
at 350 degrees for 15 to 20 minutes now
here's what we've got fresh and straight
out of the oven brush them with the
leftover butter one more time just to
finish and polish a mom
they can't tell me that these don't look
good this is one of my absolute most
favorite things in the law I love bread
I'm a big bread pan but garlic parmesan
bread can't go wrong with that and there
you have it
garlic parmesan bread knots and twists
right here in the poor man's gourmet
kitchen thank you for watching and be
sure to stop by poor man's gourmet
kitchen com for more recipes and exact
ingredients