years ago when I had my own restaurant
most paper item on the menu was Fried
Chicken it was much better than the
usual Southern Fried Chicken that most
folks were used to because I always did
cook good chicken folks had came to my
place to eat loved it but I wasn't
satisfied well sir one day I was cooking
chicken for some folks going on a boat
ride and I decided to try a little
change in my chicken recipe to see what
they'd think so instead of using just
the 10 herbs inspire I said I'd always
used I decided to add the 11th
ingredient don't you see well the minute
I tasted that chicken I knew I'd made
the best fried chicken that had ever
been cooked that recipe of 11 herban
spices makes chicken so delicious that I
haven't changed it to this very day and
now it's known all over the world as
Colonel Sanders's original recipe of
Kentucky Fried Chicken my original
recipe chicken is spal but there's a
whole lot more to it than just the 11
herbs and spices so you just sit a spell
and let me tell you why it's so much
better than what those other folks sell
to begin with I'm particular about the
kind of chicken I use they have to be
government inspected grade a broiler
friers and they have to be fresh and
then even though those fellas at the
government do good work each chicken is
inspected again piece by piece right
there in the Kentucky Fried Chicken
store
when the inspections are done and the
raw chicken is ready to be cooked it's
dipped in a mixture of milk and egg now
I use a milk and egg dip because it adds
to the flavor of the cooked chicken
don't you see and gives the chicken a
nice golden brown color and then too
when you dip the chicken in milk and egg
it makes the raw chicken sticky so the
breading will have something besides
skin to stick to and after the chicken
has been dipped in the milk and egg dip
I dump it lat into the breading
mix now this breading mix is not just
flour it's my special seasoned breading
to begin with it's a high quality flour
that's been carefully blended with salt
and then mix with my secret recipe of 11
herbs and spices and to make sure that
you get a full flavor of those secret
ingredients I don't just dump the
chicken in and push it around a bit no
sir each piece of chicken gets this
special breading folded and pressed onto
it until there's a nice even coating
covering the whole piece then I gently
tap the pieces of chicken a timer two to
shake off the loose breading and set
them on a tray till I finish with the
other pieces now as soon as I get enough
chicken breading it's got to be cooked
when I cook my original recipe chicken I
only use pure all vegetable shortening
and I never cook anything else in that
shortening because I don't want you to
taste anything but the delicate flavor
of the chicken now my chicken is cooked
with a lot of attention to the
temperature of the shortening the
pressure of the cook pot and the length
of time that you're cook it all these
things are important because the
pressure keeps the chicken juicy sealing
in all the natural goodness and the
right temperature keeps it from getting
greasy or dry and watching the time make
sure that it's done just right well
there you have it the secret to Colonel
Sanders's original recipe of Kentucky
Fried Chicken good chicken coated with
the with the milk and egg dip breaded
with my secret recipe of 11 herbs and
spices then cooked in the all vegetable
shortening while I make sure that the
pressure temperature and time are just
right you know they tell me that we have
over
6,500 Kentucky Fried Chicken stores in
48 countries around the world now and
there are a lot of young folks who are
Mighty proud to be able to cook chicken
in the same way that I do they take
great pride in serving a fried chicken
that's golden brown with a soft
flavorful crust on the outside and moist
tender juicy meat on the inside I know
because it's always cooked in the same
way the way I thought them and that
makes me proud proud enough to say
whenever you're looking for a good fried
chicken go to a Kentucky Fried Chicken
store store and asked for some of my
original recipe chicken if you haven't
tasted it before you've got a real treat
in store