I'm dr. ames and we're looking at a
plywood deck it could be an OSP deck so
we're seam taping actually this roof or
this deck but into an old roof system
with some 6-inch tape tape once it
sticks it doesn't come off it's a
shaping contouring tape we're sealing
all the seams on the the roof or the
roof deck and then we're going to coat
it with some Alaska barrier which is a
dual rubber technology that we have
developed nice thick product and we're
going to broom it on or roll it on with
a paint roller going to embed the
roofing fabric did CMP 250 ripping
fabric into the wet coating there was
the rubbers waterproof in the roof and
we're embedding the rubber through the
fabric which becomes a kind of a griddle
of holes of the deck together for many
many years like 20 years so we put that
fabric and overlap it over the whole
roof doing this new type of roofing here
which i think is much more superior to
old tar roof systems with the rubber
product and then we're going to put
another coat of elastic barrier down
safety deck going on top and this
elastomeric system is extremely durable
the nice thing about this we're going to
use safety deck liquid granite a liquid
shingle or any of our products on top of
a roof deck application depending on how
you want to finish the product or finish
the application or the maximum stretch
as the roof coating in which it can be
tented in any color you want the
advantage to that put the seam tape down
on the plywood you can waterproof the
play with the last barrier if you'd like
before you install the plywood screw it
down seam tape the joints all together
lay the roofing fabric and the Alaska
bearer let that dry out bake out really
well and then top coat it with another
coat of Alaska barrier and then you do
as many coats as you one of the last
barrier depending I'll have you want to
make the system demand the again top
coat at the maximum stretch white roof
coating or going to put the safety deck
non-skid four decks or though your
backyard or over the over a deck or over
a living area or over a protected porch
area or you can top coat it with liquid
granite which is a tougher than the
safety deck type product or you can top
coat it with them liquid shingle if you
happen to work on a shingle roofs need a
shingle roof type of appearance on top
of year and you can spray this material
on with a texture sprayer or a hopper
some of the heavier coatings like them
I'm sure you'll find plenty of uses for
these wonderful applications