hi guys welcome back to the cluttered
life so today I'm back with another
tutorial using essential oils I'm going
to be making an all-purpose disinfectant
cleanser so instead of using this
cleanser that we use a lot on our
counter tops and in our bathrooms and
you know it's cold and flu season so we
spread doorknobs and toys in everything
that the Sitka touches
instead of using this we're going to
make our own you know exactly what's
going in it and it's going to save us so
much money stuff let's get started I may
have a little bit of extra background
noise I've got some yard work people
going on around me so please excuse any
extra background noise today but you're
going to need a glass spray bottle I got
this one off of Amazon for $13 and it
was free shipping because it was on
prime so that may sound like a lot but
think about how much you spend on these
cleansers every time and obviously this
one you're going to reuse so it really
isn't that much money in the long run
but if you want it to be super thrifty
you could take a glass bottle like a
apple cider vinegar bottle and then just
add a spray nozzle but you want to use
glass since we're working with essential
oils and then you're going to need some
filtered water I'm using a cup of water
because I have a 16 ounce spray bottle
so you just kind of have to gauge how
much water that you need based on the
size of your spray bottle and then
you're going to need some white vinegar
now again measuring this I'm using a cup
of water so I'm going to use half a cup
of vinegar so just depending on how much
water you just divide it in half and
that time
vinegar that you use and then we're
going to need some thieves oil again
which I talked about in the last video
we're going to use about ten drops of
this and then this is optional but I
feel like this helps to kind of mix the
water and oil together a couple pinches
of Epsom salts um I had this around just
from having sore muscles from running
but it's it's really not that expensive
so you could add a little bit of Epsom
salt kind of mix the mixture better
together so let's get started we're
going to take our water and add our
vinegar and we're going to add 10 drops
of the theives oil or OnGuard as I told
you last week then just pinch the Epsom
salt
it's just going to help it to mix
together a lot better mix it all around
this is so easy it's just kind of funny
to me how I didn't you know I haven't
made this stuff before like all this
homemade stuff that I make like the
makeup remover wipes and all that it's
amazing how easy it is alright so now
we're going to add it very carefully a
bottle
and that's it guys so I would kind of do
this a little shake check it a little
bit before you use it every time but
super quick and easy saved a lot of
money doing that so I hope you guys
enjoyed this video don't forget to
subscribe because I'll be back next week
with another tutorial using essential
oils so I'll see you guys then have a
great day bye bye