I'm back with another video and thank
you guys for tuning in today today I'm
going to be doing a video about
everything you need to start a small
custom t-shirt business even though I
have done the video for how to start a
t-shirt business for $500 or less some
people have still been asking the
question about what all do you need to
get started so I'm going to basically
show you the equipment that I had when I
started
out in this box is the first vinyl
cutter that I ever own and I actually
purchased it second when I was beginning
my t-shirt Journey so although I've had
this for years I keep it in the Box
because I have a bigger cutter now and I
really don't use this one anymore but it
still works but I'm going to unbox it
and show you guys what all is inside the
Box this is the instruction manual it
also came with software but I don't have
the software Inside the Box
[Music]
and this is the rolling 15 in Stacker
vinyl
cutter and this is what I started off
with it's pretty small and simple it has
you use this to adjust it to adjust the
vinyl once you put it in here you clamp
you clamp the V vinyl down with these
two lock lock s SES or whatever you call
them I have the blade right
here and this is the plug and you just
plug it in and I'mma plug it in to let
you guys see that it still works and
this was what I started off with back
around 2008 2009
and the power button is right here on
the
side so it's right there it's ready to
go and ready to cut out any vinyl
designs or transfer
sheets and right here you have my heat
press my heat press is a 15x 15 hick
Econo press um I got this press when I
first started off and right here this is
actually just a cover sheet this is the
actual bottom of the press when you put
the shirts on here it makes it kind of
hard to move them around so when you
have this bottom Teflon sheet that
attaches to the press it helps it make
it where it's easier for you to slide
your shirts on here and right here is
the hick Swingman 15 by 15 eono eono
press I just keep these on here for when
people are coming in here you know they
don't need to be all up in my business
but the I bought this press when I first
started out and if you watch my videos
you see that I still use it on this
press it has a rotary temperature gauge
and right here you can see the light
comes on when you first turn it on and
by the time it reaches the correct
temperature the light will go off and I
uh to time it it came with this little
oven timer and I used to use this but
now I just count the time off in my head
and instead of using the
timer and you press it down like this
pull it up like this and you can push it
out of your way hence the name swing
away and also this is how you increase
or decrease the pressure it tells you
right here on the side less pressure you
would turn it this in that direction
more pressure you would turn it in the
opposite
direction and some of the other things
that that you can use and these things
are not Necessities but it can help make
the job a little bit easier and protect
your plantin right here these are cover
sheets when I'm printing my design I
always Place one of these over the over
the
image before I lock the press down on
it and these come in a lot of different
sizes you can get one that's the same
size as your press or you can get one
like this one which is a little bit
larger than my press this is a 16x 20
one so you know it it really doesn't
matter what
size that you have you know they all do
the same thing and actually the ones
that are bigger kind of work a little
better because you don't have to worry
about lining it up perfectly you can
just take this big one and place it on
there and have extra room to spare and a
few of the extra tools if you're going
to be Heat Press Printing that you may
need uh this is a logo for when you're
printing pocket logos on your shirt like
if someone wants the little pocket size
logo this helps you place it in the
correct position and the t- square it
right here helps you make sure that your
design is on your shirt straight and
they have a lot of other things this is
just your basic uh measurement tool They
al they have uh Styles actually has one
that is a laser light and it's about
$300 you know some people use that but
you know I I just stick with my t-
Square cuz it's a lot cheaper and it's
simple and if you guys watch my videos
you see that this is my weeding area
where I store a lot of little supplies
and tools that I need when I'm printing
using the vinyl so um right here this is
a little drawer that I have to keep
everything in and right here if you
check out what's in this top drawer I
have like a blade and I also have a
small pair of scissors and I have a few
different and I have a few different
weeding tools and I've also done a video
on this showing all the tools that I
need or that I use to print t-shirts so
I have an X-Acto
Knife have this weeding tool that's like
a dental pick on each end this weeding
to that I mean it didn't work well for
me some I don't know maybe it's just me
but it this part is too to work but then
I have this other little straight pick
tool and I have these little tweezers
and I also have this little tool right
here that this end was too like how I
was saying this one was too dull to work
correctly this one was too sharp and it
like used to grab grab on to things when
I didn't need it to grab on to
things and in my next drawer I have
tape sometimes I use this double-sided
tape you can check out some of my videos
um when I'm doing multicolor prints I
sometimes use
that I have this measuring tape that
when I'm printing especially like small
kids size shirts I'll measure and see
how big I can do the design onto the
shirts or sometimes people want specific
size designs so I have this so that I
can say okay how big do you want the
design and I can print it in exactly the
size that they want
and in the in here I have uh this is not
just something you will need but these
are my little signs if I have to leave
or whatever and I have
markers in
here and when I'm doing like decals and
stuff like that I have my squeegees a
few different squeegees and this is
actually one of the tools that you would
use to remove vinyl
and in the bottom drawer I have my
notepad I use these little notepads
they're just some little Memorex
notepads that used to come with the
blank CDs back in the day or CD cases
back in the day and I just use these to
make out my list of colors that I need
or take notes or
whatever and over here I have my bigger
pair of scissors and and I could have
turned the light on so you guys can see
better but just a few pens and pencils
and few more pins and pencils in here
this used to be where I kept all of the
stuff in here but you know it's just a
whole lot easier to have a separate
compartment for each thing for each
item and one other thing that you will
definitely need if you're going to be
sorting out a t-shirt business in this
way is vinyl I keep a few different
colors of vinyl in stock I recently
started using glitter vinyl and these
are just a few of the colors that I keep
in stock and I also have some decal
vinyl or sign vinyl inside of
here and I have my transfer tape that I
use to
transfer the the
decal and right here I have this is a
sample pack of the sign decal vinyl that
I got from
Amazon and these are sheets of the
glitter vinyl from when I first started
out and these are just a few of the
bigger pieces of scrap vinyl that I have
I just kind of stick them in here along
with this I keep some of in here this
was a sample pack of the the light pink
vinyl heat transfer vinyl
that I also purchased from Amazon so
basically the things I'm showing you
guys are the things that you would need
to start a business or things that could
help you some of the things are not
Necessities but you know they're all
things that make the job a little bit
easier
so I'm going to show you guys the vinyl
cutor that I use now that you guys see
in my videos because the 15in one I have
actually upgraded from that one to a
larger one so we're going to check this
out this is the Rolland gx24 vinyl
cutter and it's actually a 24 in Cutter
which means it could cut up to the 24 in
wide rows and it cuts a whole lot faster
than my other vinyl cutter I mean it is
like a rocket ship compared to that and
this is just a little letter opener if
you in my videos when you see me cutting
the vinyl right here cutting it off I'm
using this little letter opener that was
free that actually came came from the
medical center one other thing that I
didn't mention but I'm thinking you guys
probably know that you're going to need
one of these is a computer right here I
have a
laptop and it's just a basic Dell laptop
and it could be a desktop it doesn't you
know it doesn't have to be anything real
fancy an i5 processor would be ideal but
if you can't get a I5 you know it can
work with something lower than that but
you know you want to be able to keep up
and run these programs because you you
know on the laptop you're going to need
certain programs such as Photoshop
illustrator Corell draw or you know
different things inkscape it's a few
other programs you can use but those are
all the things that you would need to
sort out a small custom t-shirt business
I will be leaving links below for you
guys if you're interested in purchasing
any of the items that I showed in the
video and I I hope this video helped you
guys out I'll see you guys in the next
video bye