[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
hi I'm Tanya Sawyer co-owner of the
aquaponic source and I'm going to tell
you all about these awesome plug trays
having been a farmer for a number of
years and trying to plant our own
seedlings that wouldn't germinate uh
when we'd pull them out of the plug they
would often fall apart and so we could
never transplant them we realized that
we weren't being very efficient and we
weren't getting very good performance so
we converted over to what the pros use
and that happens to be these Nursery
trays the beautiful thing about these
trays is they're prepacked uh there's a
128 cells they have a Dibble in the
center and what that gives us is
absolute consistency
for the plant that we're going to grow
fantastic germination it also gives us
the ability to uh transplant very very
easily and you can see this fantastic
root growth so you know for the longest
time I thought I could do it myself but
as soon as I found these I was
completely relieved with the idea that I
could be much more effective at growing
food faster and as well be much more
efficient with my time because I could
just transplant these uh super quick so
let me show you how they
[Music]
work first off uh we have a tray here
and the tray itself uh is made of
plastic of course to hold in those cells
the cells themselves are made with
coconut Co and Pete Moss and they have a
cellulose binding agent kind of like
wood fiber that holds everything
together um these trays uh already have
a whole in them and as you can see it's
a perfect indentation for our seed to
rest in and so as we go through the
seating process we can drop a Single
Seed in there it helps us through that
uh initial stage of getting the seed in
the right place so that it is a perfect
alignment associated with uh
transplanting later and we can go
through the seeding process really fast
it works great for pelletize seed it
works great for large seeds Like A Shard
and it works great for teeny tiny seeds
like kale or lettuce the other beautiful
thing you can use this for is if you're
transplanting a lot or seeding a lot you
can use this with a vacuum seedar where
the vacuum tray lines up with each one
of these dibles you put the seeds all
into the vacuum tray and then as soon as
you turn the vacuum off the seeds drop
into place and you're ready to go so
let's take a look at some of these
seedlings that have already been
transplanted into these trays here's a
tray we planted last week and you can
tell we have fantastic even germination
rate and over here we have seedlings
that are 2 weeks old now so you can
already see how substantial the growth
is so by week three you've got seedlings
that are looking really good and about
ready to transplant we want seedlings to
be about two in tall and we want their
root structure to start to fill in the
body botom of that plug at this point if
we were to wait any longer we these
seedlings would become rootbound so we
want to ensure that they get into our
media into our Towers or into our raft
boards right at this stage so this is
perfect
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
oh
[Music]