this video where I'm going to show you
how you can use Photoshop to make your
whites whiter and to makes you to make
your colorist pop you're probably
wondering if this is a Photoshop
tutorial then why am I in Lightroom
that's because personally from my
workflow I usually start in Lightroom to
filter and flag my photos and select
them and then edit them in Photoshop and
come back to Lightroom so that I can
save and export in this video I want to
show you how you can turn this beautiful
blue photo into a proper white how many
of you have had this issue of shooting
and getting a photo that's supposed to
be white into blue or maybe sometimes
you get a warmer called warmer color
like yellow I have a very simple trick
that I like in Photoshop I'll show you
how you can do that so I right click and
choose edit and in Photoshop you can
open the file directly in Photoshop i
will choose edit original because i
haven't done any changes to like to the
photo on my trim and but if you have if
you if you start with lightroom and you
do some changes and some edits you can
do edit a copy you can select as a copy
with Lightroom adjustments so I'm press
edit and it would open the file and
Photoshop I like to create a new layer
so I'm gonna drag the background layer
onto the new which basically copies this
layer and creates a new one just in case
I want to do some more edits and I don't
want to mess up my original photo for
this tutorial I'm going to show you how
you can create an add an adjustment
using your not just
Claire and we're going to work with
levels if you don't see this window here
this means that you can view it from you
can click on window from the menu tool
and then you can go to adjustments and
sort of like it hides it or it shows
that I wanna I want it to be here
because I used these adjustments a lot
and I like to have easy access in case
you don't and you want to access it from
the menu then you can go to layer new
adjustment layer and you can choose any
of these adjustment layers so again we
want to create a new adjustment layer
and we're looking at levels once you
click up levels it opens up this window
I want you to look at the eyedropper
this the bottom one is the one that sets
the white in your image and then if
you're working with a black photo or a
dark photo you can set use the
eyedropper that's on top which is
basically for the black point or if you
want to set your grey point into the
photo that's the middle one so looking
at the bottom one click on that and then
select somewhere in your photo where you
want to set the entire white of your
photo to that point
I mean basically if I click here look at
what's happened just like that ready
from here to here I really like what it
has done to my photo you can double
click again on the adjustment and it
opens up and then if you think that you
want to choose some other point in your
photo you can do that you can just kind
of like stay around and find somewhere
where you are comfortable with
one thing that I've also noticed with
this photo that is that I had a smudge
here and it kind of disappeared when I
applied the levels which is really
awesome if you still want to
clean it up you can use your because
this is a white photo you can use your
dodge tool or we can use the cloning
tool which also works I mean this
specific technique works for white
photos doesn't work on every other photo
if you still feel like this is pretty
blue you can apply another adjustment
layer like a photo filter and you can
warm it up a little bit which kind of
gives that really more balance white
color it treat depends on your
preference the client the creative brief
that you have from the agency and maybe
your style your personal style if you're
posting this on Instagram and you can
see what this basically applies I mean
it takes it away from being blue to a
bit of a balanced white you can always
change the opacity if you don't want it
to be 100% you can play along with the
opacity the reading I think it's nice
thing about creating masks is that when
you can see when you see it all in white
it means that this mask is applied all
over your image if you just want to be
selective you can color the areas that
you don't want the mask to apply maybe I
don't want the truffles to be to get the
photo filter so I can basically use the
brush tool with a color black and use
the brackets to get your brush bigger or
smaller and once I click on it I mean it
sort of like creates that it cancels the
effect of the photo filter onto the
truffles
that's like one of my favorite ways of
getting the whites to be white I've used
it so many times and it has saved me
time and effort during my work