hey everybody I'm gonna show you how to
use the popcorn machine today get that
theater popcorn taste
there's also products that you can use i
got another video to that check out the
link in the video that'll show you all
the products that I'm going to use along
with the links in that video where you
could purchase these items and these
items I'm telling you the products will
give you the also that theater popcorn
taste don't go out and you know use the
oil from the store you know that stuff
that you could pop in a pan you want to
get a little bit of a professional stuff
it's gonna cost you a little bit more
it's not it's not bad but the supplies
that you get it's gonna last you a long
time especially for the normal person if
you're making popcorn once or twice a
week it's gonna last you quite a long
time and if you make it less even longer
but here I go we're gonna show you how
to use the popcorn machine
this one this machine is called a
superior popcorn company made by that I
got it on Amazon and I'll put a link in
this video showing you where to get this
popcorn machine and it's quite simple
you got the three buttons here the three
buttons show the warmer the stirrer and
the pot here now first things first it
actually gives you instructions on there
on the screen and you also come with
instructions in the video but in the in
the box in this you get get these I
think there's about 50 here
awesome popcorn bags I haven't used them
yet and we got three of the superior
plastic containers they are nice but
over time they're starting to I mean
I've only had this for a while and
they're already starting to fade lines
are streaky yeah but they're nice to
have they're pretty cool you know if you
don't want to use paper all the time you
got a nice little thing it looks like a
popcorn bag so first things first you
want to open these baby yes and you want
to turn your warm around first these
turns the light on that's the first
thing you want to do get that they've
got light nice and warm now that light
is going to get hot so make sure you
keep your hands away from that the other
thing you don't have to
this machine is everything else getting
hot the glass does not get hot this does
not get hot so if you have little kids
like I do and they go to touch the
outside it's not gonna hurt them
the only thing that really does get hot
like I said is the light and then once
you use and pop the popcorn the kettle
gets really hot so do not touch that and
it even says on there do not touch so it
does get hot otherwise the outside even
the glass nothing else gets hot so
that's the nice thing first things first
you got the warmer like I said you turn
that light on you don't want to start
the stir yet or the pot eater
you gotta measure out your oil put your
oil in then you start the pot heater let
me get my little rock we're alright now
the cool thing about this machine is it
comes with measuring cups
you got these measuring cups one you
measure the the kernels with the other
one you measure your salt with and the
other you measure with your oil now you
want to put your oil with the big one
especially if you're gonna do about 4
this is an 8 ounce kettle if you're
doing about 4 ounces you're gonna do
about 8 ounces which I'm gonna do 8 do 2
scoops or the kernels and this and then
do a whole scoop of the oil in the in
the big scooper I'll show you all right
I got my oil used I'm using coconut oil
and you want to put this in the kettle
this is the bigger scooper yeah it kind
of looks disgusting that you want flavor
this is what you're gonna want put that
in the kettle and start the warmer there
we go we got the oil inside there and so
we're ready to turn our warmer on now
you leave the stirrer off right now you
just turn the warmer on the pot heater I
should say turn that on that'll start
warming up just close that or you know
what you can even leave it open you can
kind of see when the oil will start to
melt when that oil is melted and it's
starting to like steam up you'll start
seeing steam come from the pot that's
when you're gonna want to enter your
your kernels in your salt then you turn
on your stirrer and get things going
I'll show you that in a second
all right it's been about three four
minutes as law as long as it takes and
as you can see I'm starting to get
steamed and once you get that steam that
means it's time to add your kernels and
add your salt there it is nice and
steamy and everything insides all melted
so add your kernels which you're gonna
measure two of these this is just plain
and you want to turn your steering okay
turn that on now Stewart moving around
inside your popcorn kernels inside there
and then add your salt slowly add the
salt in it's gonna mix around
slowly mix it in disturbed and I'm
moving all over on for you close that up
close the door
I'll let the magic happen
[Music]
windows turn it off turn the pot heater
off and turn the steer off as you can
hear it's already stopping it's getting
slower then it's pretty much done your
churn Punk eater off and the stir off
you don't want the burn if you leave it
on too long I'll let it finish kind of
the few popping and then you go in there
and you dump it all steam in there
Matt's also good and then you just want
to dump it see it's nice and healthy
that's it and you have fresh popcorn now
if you want to you're gonna add some
salt to the top of that what the salt
that you've used to pop it with you can
add a little bit more sprinkle that over
that and then put butter and put it in
your in your container whatever your
bowl that you'd like to use in this
video the top confirms that I used I
used members mark it's a 50 pound bag of
kernels that coma stands for I show this
off some salt over it and I'm just kind
of mixing everything up
in the and you can make it many batches
as you want pretty much and then you
fill your bag up well there you have it
I used my butter that I like to put on
the top I'll show you the products that
I use the oils the salt the buyer and
the kernels everything in another video
please subscribe and I'll put a link to
this video the next video in the end of
this right here in the corner and then I
will also put that link down in the
bottom so check it out please subscribe
and check these products out because
exactly what's gonna give you that
theater popcorn taste I mean honestly
this stuff tastes amazing and I mean
it's really hmm that's good really good
please subscribe check out my other
videos thank you