we're here again at Genesee country
village Museum here in western New York
a great living history site and there
today they're going to be showing me how
to make a 19th century sausage thanks
for joining us today on 18th century
cooking
[Music]
hi I'm here today with Murray Schultz
and she's going to show us how to make a
sausage where does this recipe or
receipt come from this receipt comes
from Hannah glasse if it's for from her
cookbook acquaintance and fancy program
18:08 I think it's a great time period
for it it's a very simple very basic
receipt
anybody can kind of do this one and then
you can if you need to and add to it my
grandmother I hid my grandma well after
I think it's my great-grandmother's
receipt for a sausage and she adds it a
little bit more seasonings to it right
so the original one is plain way very
little lame but exactly this is the type
that if you are in a log home yes you
get you you should be able to have
everything okay so well let's get
started what do we need all right well
the first thing we're going to need to
make sausage is we have to have the
casings
okay now we know these are hog casings
they were cleaned very very well and
then probably stored in salt and because
of that we want to soak them right and
they'll get nice so I have sage she says
very finely chopped okay so I chopped
its - I could right then we have a chick
again she says chapped pepper record of
the ground pepper so I took it for her
word and I actually most of the time
just chop it up and this way you've got
you're going to plate it into some
pepperonis and that's got some little
bite exactly and then of course you
can't have sausage what else all right
so we have soft ready for it now the
next thing we're going to do here is
we're going to chop up our meat I'm
using pork oh you could use beef uh-huh
but pork is just a well when I'd receive
I think or think of sausage I think of
pork okay so we're looking specifically
for very lean cuts or we want some fat
in it if after if it's not enough fat
you might want to put some suet in -
uh-huh
all right and this one here we did add a
little bit of suet okay
are going to take everything we've done
and I've got about I am around three
pounds this is what Hannah's receive is
calling for it's about three pounds okay
so we'll put that all in there so we
want to pro two teaspoons of salt okay
we want about a teaspoon of pepper
mm-hmm you know our three pounds right
in her three pounds yep and then about
three teaspoons mrs. sage and missus a
chucker and it was this fresh sage Rose
dries this is fresh okay first yeah good
I can smell it so yeah this was fresh
chapped this morning for cord wrapped it
up as fine as we could all right now the
thing is going to be the mixin okay I'm
gonna do all the work but you been hell
I don't know and I don't have an apron
or any all right yes I have to do all
the work
[Music]
now we've got a next a pretty good here
so what have we got here now this is a
wonderful sausage stuffer okay this is
my favorite what the hog casing on so
you call it a casing what what do we
really have here you've got a intestines
okay yeah they're cleaned these are
teeth have been clean they've been
washed through water and salt water and
then they've been stored in salt okay
and then I just soaked them you can soak
them overnight you can just soak them
for a few hours all you want to do is
we're in some real good get a lot of the
salt out of them and use passable and
then keep them a little soft so that you
can work with them but they're just
natural yeah Jaden yet another
butchering this is why you guess it's
what you get mark yeah so what are you
trying to do with this in all I'm trying
to do is just open it up now okay
so that we can open up the casings
they're gonna hold it like this for me
okay all right and now you're gonna put
it up to your lips and you are gonna
blows okay so we're trying to inflate
our inflating this oh you are good and
what you're doing is pulling all that
Casey : super bright in here now you can
either be to catch her at the presser
all press oh good I was hoping you would
say me wait maybe I got those now
sorry you got to hold it up your toes
okay we're good like that yeah you got a
good pressure right now I'm gonna hold
it back and I'm gonna say okay Jane yeah
so we're making the individual links
we're making individual links okay and I
keep going keep going alright now I'm
going to go counterclockwise ah now this
is going to be keep it so they don't out
why my nice alright
[Music]
Victor owns okay that one up okay all
right so now we have all of our sausage
stuffed and we're ready now Hanna says
to fry it okay so she hasn't aged this
isn't an aged sausages you could hang it
and you could smoke it okay there'd be
no reason why you couldn't travel a
smoke it but this is a little bit more
like a summer sausage or a summer
sausage everbearing brick a breakfast
sausage uh-huh it's a little bit more
like they're uh
she also says if you can't stuff it you
don't have any casings uh-huh then just
roll them up okay so we just fry these
up there that's all it takes
well that's what Hanna says okay Hanna
says get just frying okay but I have
read other receipts and again I'm going
back to my grandmother uh-huh um she
always did them I guess we want to call
well back then she would have said she's
blowing them up a little bit oh I'm just
going to take a little water we could
use beer we could use a cider house an
idea I'll put them into that put a lid
on them and let them cook but the butter
cooked down so kind of basically precook
them and are we cooking them cuz you
know you're always worried about pork
especially back then and this way you
were always sure that it was cooked
through right so yeah it is and then
after that and you're coming from Edison
so these have already been fried up they
they look wonderful they smell wonderful
night I suppose we should try them on I
think we should okay you take that one
I'll take this one huh that was amazing
wonderful that's very good
breakfast sausage just like I would
expect um needs a little rosemary though
this held together very nicely because
of the casing it doesn't fall apart on
ya so these are these are excellent
wonderful so thank you so much for all
this amazing information
and really I want to encourage anybody
if you're in this area or you're
traveling through this area to make sure
to come and visit
Genesee country village and museum it's
an excellent living history site and so
much fun so many amazing buildings and
people who work here so if you get a
chance make sure to come by and I want
to thank you for coming along as we
explore these amazing flavors and
techniques all from the 18th and early
19th century I want to give a special
thanks to all the folks at Genesee
country village and museum for all their
help make sure to check out their
website
you
you
[Music]