I
got through
the
sing hey you guys it's Christina and I'm
so excited to be in the kitchen with you
today cuz I have a special guest I have
my jido he's in the kitchen with me hi
jido hi oh thank you and we're pretty
excited because we're going to be making
some tabuli with you today Y what do you
think about tabuli exciting very
exciting it's a beautiful dish wonderful
dish yep so something you should know is
that um we're Lebanese and tabuli is a
Lebanese salad dish and I grew up eating
his tabouli all of the time best recipe
of all time so I asked him to come on
today to make us some tabuli okay what
do you think jido I think it's wonderful
and and tabula is a very healthy food
and it was something that we I've eaten
all my life pretty much uh and I think
it's
feeds the the appetite and the the
anxiety that people trying to find good
food and this is one of them that you
can enjoy and do you know that so one of
the main ingredients of tabuli is
parsley which is actually an extremely
healthy green it's an herb and it really
helps people to combat all types of
sicknesses and illnesses more people
need to eat greens in their diet right J
right I believe that Y and I think maybe
you eating so much tabouli is why you're
so healthy now I think that has a lot to
do with growing and staying young and
having the energy that uh people have
today when they eat this type of food
yes and for those of you who don't know
maido is a big green juice fanatic we've
made several videos on this before and
you can check that out in the links
below okay jido so tell me how do you
normally make tabuli
what ingredients do we have here well
you have the parsley yep you have the
green onions yep you have the the uh the
what do you call that's cauliflower
cauliflower normally normally you have
wheat more normally wheat but in if you
really want health food then you're
going toy the cauliflower the tomatoes
and then the the onions regular onions
and and you have the that uh lemon juice
lemon juice to put together and with a
little salt and pepper that's right so
just a quick recap we have about five
heads of parsley here that's because we
don't do anything small in our house do
we make sure it's enough for the next
meal too not only that but when we tend
to make food there always seems to be
five or six people who show up wanting
to eat more so always best to make a big
bowl in this household um okay so we
have about five or six heads of parsley
a head of cauliflower two heads of green
onion The Red Onion is optional it's
about one full red onion and maybe about
six or seven Roma tomatoes all right
jido I'm going to let you get started
you want to just start throwing it all
in the bowl do you want me to just use
my hand I want you to use your hands
that's how you always do it or you want
me to pour it all in go for
it just throw it all then just don't be
afraid if there's somebody who taught me
how to to use my hands in the kitchen it
was jido it's not right jido he always
uses his hands when he's making I want
to I'm going to just kind of not do it
too much cuz maybe some people don't
like the
idea we don't do that Seether okay okay
Tomatoes
perfect I like
it get in there
all right we're good like that and you
want to put all the lemon juice in there
yeah all right are we mixing now we're
going to mix it yeah wait wait should we
add some um do you want to add some pink
Himalayan salt yeah put you ahead put in
that te I'll all right I'll do something
too all right let's see got a little bit
in there is that enough enough yeah
thank feel like I'm reliving my
childhood right now and it makes me very
happy look at you goo
that's you just want to make sure you
get it mix it up and then you need to
put more juice in there as we move so
you want it to you want me to put more
juice yeah I think you you going need to
put it all in there okay let's go I got
it in there keep going and it's all
going to collect at the bottom too so
yeah all right I love this recipe cuz
it's so simp simple but it has so much
flavor and it's so good he's really
concentrating there you
go uh look how pretty this looks you did
a great job J it looks beautiful okay I
have two spoons for us to do a final
taste you ready I'm ready let's give it
a
try oh he wants a tomato in there I'll
get a tomato too
M it's
good I love you I got you mhm that's
good that lemon juice in it delicious
that lemon juice makes it huh M you that
it
settle and that that the juice soak in
yeah if you let it settle the juice
soaks in and it gets more like soft and
then it's really good tastes darn good
to me tastes darn good to me too thank
you all right if you guys want to try
this recipe we think you should give
this video a thumbs up thumbs up baby
and don't forget to hit the Subscribe
button below and join my channel for
more fun tips recipes and everything
more fully raw and if you want to see a
really precious video of me and jido
dancing together I think you should go
follow my Instagram and check out that
video cuz it's pretty cute J thank you
for coming on my video
today say pleasure bye and thank you all
for watching and I hope you try it and I
know you'll enjoy
it you're the cutest thing in the whole
world jido I love you thank you bye you
guys well this is what's good about
having a beautiful
granddaughter and we make food together
and we dance it's perfect
should I got this feeling
Rising through the ceiling
singing D you got me feeling all right