hi I'm Anna Maria de Freitas the owner
of the Harrison house suites Tucker
house in and coho restaurant in friday
harbor San Juan Island Washington today
I'm going to show you how to make a
blueberry cheesecake in a springform pan
so a springform pan is nothing but a pan
with a removable bottom and it just
helps you get the cheesecake in and out
I actually have so many ones that I'm
going to use today for a demonstration
and this is what the cheesecake looks
like when it's finished and you might be
wondering why I have it wrapped in
aluminum foil is because when we bake it
we bake it in a water bath so the
aluminum just keeps any water from
breaking the seal of our springform pan
so we're going to start with our crust I
have some graham crackers here when I
put them in a food processor and just
grind them you're going to probably need
about eight graham crackers I have some
that's already ground ready to go
then I pour this in my bowl so about
eight grain crackers about four
tablespoons of melted butter I'm going
to add a little bit of that now you can
add sugar to your crush i usually don't
because there's enough sweetness going
on in the desert or in the cheesecake
okay let's pour them to hear i'm just
going to push it around
and cover the bottom
sometimes it's good to use the ramekin
if it's a little sticky just push it
down so it's nice and firm and then it's
going to bake for 350 degrees for about
8 to 10 minutes until you see the edges
of these are golden brown
so now we're going to work on our
filling
you can choose to do this in the
standing mixer I put for convenience I
already have one appliance out and dirty
so I might as well continue on cuisinart
works just as well the one thing that is
important is to make sure that all your
ingredients are at room temperature you
get a better emulsion so this is eight
ounces of cream cheese to which I'm
going to add a half a cup of sugar
and this recipe scales really well this
one that I made is two 8-ounce packages
of cream cheese so we're just going to
be cutting the recipe in half so you can
scale it for how big or how few portions
you want to make I'm going to just
scrape this down I'm going to make sure
they don't have any lumps in there
okay and then I'm going to add one egg
and this is half of what I did for that
cheesecake
I like doing these individual one smooth
nice to either for a couple or an
individual or if you don't have a lot of
folks coming for dinners having a whole
big pie a whole big cheesecake that you
around maybe a bit too much ok so I'm
going to add a third of a cup of sour
cream
and a tablespoon of flour flour is
optional and a teaspoon of vanilla just
mix until combined and just scraping
down to make sure particularly with the
flour we don't want anything okay
perfect
let's start with these probably best to
rabbit I have some foil two or three
cozy the aluminum around here then this
is going to be my water bath I'm going
to fill this about halfway up so halfway
up here with some hot water you're going
to put them in you're going to bake for
about 20 to 25 minutes just until it's a
little bit of jiggle but you'll see that
one inch around here is already set so
let's pour this in
you have the blades because sometimes
getting the blade out it's a messy part
so you're going to fill these up down
halfway
we still have to make this a blueberry
cheesecake it's just a regular
cheesecake at this point
okay so give them a little bit of a
shake to level them off okay so I have
some fresh blueberries actually these
were frozen blueberries that we had from
the season so I'm going to pour some of
put some of them on just sprinkle them
around
just since I thought this looked just to
bear I have a little bit of a streusel
topping just some butter sugar little
cinnamon and some P columns just kind of
cut the butter into the flour and the
sugar so let's get this little stem out
and a little bit of the streusel topping
so there you have them they're ready to
go into the oven and then just peel
taper off and probably it's best just to
give this a little bit of a score I do
score it when it comes out of the oven
it's not a bad idea to score it one more
time and then gently on there you go and
there you have your blueberry cheesecake
I hope you enjoy it
you