w guys we're back with in their video
and in today's video we're gonna be
doing a DIY video and in this DIY video
we're gonna be making something a lot of
people like dr. pepper
to clear the things you need or a bowl
some eggs some milk a spoon and some
spices we have some of this green stuff
whatever this is and some mystery stuff
[Music]
we need to grab our bowl make sure it's
sturdy enough so we need to throw it on
the ground
so we're going to need an egg and to get
the egg cracked we're gonna crack it and
then we're gonna mix it and get that in
there then and like that fit that's good
to move to rubble you grab another egg
crack it and then just done
and we're gonna need is milk so we're
gonna just open the milk and we're gonna
pour I don't know how much so we're
gonna count to five and when we count to
five we're gonna stop 1 1 2 3 4 5 be
enough milk so we're gonna put the milk
up to supper
need is spices let's just put enough
okay that should be enough the next
thing we're gonna pour some in here it's
not coming out it's on okay you guys
know what's gonna happen that's not
coming out but it took me about a minute
to clean it up I broke off the cap and I
can't find it I'm gonna find it later
so we're gonna need to put some of this
stuff I don't know what it is so we're
gonna just pour a little bit and came
out so I'll have to slam it on the
ground
final step and the final step is gonna
get messy so we're gonna just put it in
this sink so the final step but trying
to get the spoon base we're gonna start
viciously viciously so we're gonna just
stand this throw it in there and just
start around you I guess about this
color all right how do you get it to
this color should be looking a little
like this so basically you need to do
one thing you need to say the magic word
the magic word is hold on I thought it's
just home [ __ ] the magic word is Justin
Bieber got his Instagram back all you
need to do is say the magic word and
snap your fingers ready 1 2 3
just to be forgot his Instagram back
[Music]