thank you for stopping by ballistic BBQ
on this video I will be making homemade
smoked kielbasa let's get going this
recipe was provided for me by one of my
subscribers by the name of John
Caulfield this is an old family recipe
of his and I guess it's supposed to be
insane so really looking forward to this
we're going to kick this off with two
cups of water and I'm going to add one
teaspoon of Institute
pink salt 7 teaspoons kosher salt and
I'm going to stir this until it's
completely dissolved these salts have
dissolved this is cold water by the way
all the ingredients I'm working with
today are going to be cold I'm going to
place this cup of water back in the
refrigerator again just to keep it cold
alright so I'm going to use a large
stainless steel bowl and I kept this in
the freezer overnight I'm going to add
four pounds of ground pork shoulder one
pound of 80/20 ground chuck I have here
1 tbsp sugar 1 tablespoon garlic powder
1 tablespoon ground black pepper and 1/2
tablespoon onion powder add the sin 2
and 1/2 teaspoons mustard powder this is
1 cup of powdered nonfat milk and we are
using this as a binder add that to the
mix here then I'm going to mix this by
hand and I'm going to try to do this
very gently that just make sure I think
it's very well mixed so looking good now
I'm going to add the salt and water
mixture and continue mixing all right
this is looking great I'm going to place
this in the fridge while I get my meat
grinder set up to stuff some sausage
casings now for this video I will be
preparing these sausages two different
ways we are stuffing them in hog casings
natural hog casings and making a loaf
and I guess the kielbasa loaf is one of
John's favorite ways because you can
slice it to make some really really good
sandwiches so doing it both ways so what
I have here
are some natural hog casings that I've
been soaking in water they compact
pretty aggressively in salt you need to
go through a process get rid of the salt
and I'm going to slip the casing over
the horn here and we are ready to fire
this thing up now I have not tied a knot
in this yet there's going to be a lot of
air being pushed through the horn and I
want to make sure all the air escapes
before I tie a knot let's get this going
all right so the meats at the end of the
horn now pulled out just a little bit of
extra casing and we are going to tie our
knot just a simple overhand knot
right now I'm just going by look here
and I'm going to be hanging these in my
smoker and this is about the size I want
so I'm going to pull off a little bit of
that casing here go ahead and cut that
off now the next thing we want to do
before we tie out that other end is just
make sure that there's not going to be
any air inside the sausage it will cause
problems later when it's smoking so I'm
going to go ahead and straighten this
out on the cutting board here and I have
the old handy dandy sausage pricker you
can use a straight pin just sterilize it
really well and I'm just going to go
ahead and poke holes in the casing here
and then the other side now I'm just
going to pick this up and give it a
couple spins here to tighten it up even
more and we are ready to tie the knot at
the top again I'm going to be hanging
this in my smoker we want to make sure
we tie a nice secure knot here there we
go I'm going to go ahead and complete
the rest of my casings and then we'll
make that loaf so what I have here is
just a mini loaf pan I'm sure John uses
the big loaf pans but my priority was
actually doing cased sausage which is my
preference but I'm really anxious to try
this out let's go ahead and scoop this
in alright we are done for now what I'm
going to do is place all the sausage in
my refrigerator I'm going to cover this
with plastic the loaf with plastic but
I'm going to leave the cased sausages on
just a cookie sheet and I'm going to
allow that outer casing to kind of dry
out a little bit in the fridge next step
is going to be smoking these bad boys
we're going to use the Gator pit meet
you outside tomorrow alright welcome
back it is officially tomorrow got the
old Gator pit fired up and right now the
internal temp of the pit
is 160 degrees and we are going to be
smoking with Applewood let's get it
loaded up up a grill mat down and this
is simply for the loaf if I didn't put
this down I would never get it up again
it would bond with my great and I want
to explain something normally when I'm
doing links I as you can see I have my
upper great removed I usually pull the
lower gray and then I have a dowel rod
that I draw across here and I hang the
links from the dowel rod but being that
I'm cooking this loaf I didn't think
about it yesterday but I'm not going to
be able to hang them
all right we're smoking now in John's
directions that he gave me it was geared
more towards cooking those loaves the
kielbasa loaf and if you're cooking the
loaf you can have a higher temperature
on the pit now we're primarily cooking
links here and you don't want to melt
the fat inside those casings that's why
you really don't want to exceed 170 so
I'm going to keep my pit balanced
between 160 170 going pretty light on
the smoke again we're using Applewood
and probably just for about an hour so
we'll be hitting it with the smoke I'm
anticipating this cook I don't know
anywhere between two and three hours I'm
pulling the sausage links when they hit
an internal temperature of about 153 and
per John's instructions on that loaf
we're going to ride that one up until
about 165 so I'm sure the links will
come off first once that happens I'm
going to open the dampers up a little
bit and bring the internal temp up
anyway I'll see you in a bit we are a
little over three hours into the smoke
and the kielbasa that I had stuffed into
natural cases are done they hit that 152
mark this next part of this process is
critical what I have here is a bucket
with ice cold water in it we need to
pull them right out of the pit into the
water to stop that cooking we need to
shock these if you don't do this you're
going to end up with very shriveled up
casings the casings are going to
continue to shrink and shrivel and it's
going to look like a big Slim Jim we
don't want that so let's get these out
of the pit just look at that gorgeous
gorgeous color
now the low still is ways to go before
his step 165 mark that John suggests so
I'm going to shut the lid and we're
going to pump up the temp and the pit
just a little bit in the meantime what
I'm going to do is take these in the
house I'll Pat these dry and then I'm
going to put them on like a cookie
cooling rack and we're going to allow
these to bloom for three hours at room
temperature what will happen is the the
color will deepen on these and this the
flavors going to intensify and it really
makes for a good sausage so we'll see
when these are all bloomed and ready to
slice alright so that three hours have
passed and the sausage is bloomed along
with the Sun behind me forgive me I'm
going to try to deal with this poor
lighting right now but let's give this a
try well that looks like kielbasa to me
alright let me slice some of this loaf
here
oh very interesting
all right let's cook this up so I'm
going to be using the pique grill and I
just have a little ceramic punch on here
lay down some canola oil
well I got to tell you it looks out of
this world and it smells unbelievable
let's give it a try going with one of
the more traditional stuffed kielbasa
Spurs
it's really good it's got just the right
amount of smoke just the right amount of
seasoning and it definitely tastes like
kielbasa it's good kielbasa really good
cabassa fresh I've never had it so fresh
let's try one of these loaves here so
the look reminds me of spam but smells
like no spam I've ever tried mmm it's a
winner they both taste I mean the same
very similar there's some textural
differences with the links obviously and
then you get that little snap from the
casing which I just I dig on that but
for ease if you wanted to make a
kielbasa recipe and just not worry about
the stuffing the links or anything the
loaf is a way to go and there's a lot of
endless possibilities I my wheels are
turning here anyway guys as usual thank
you for stopping by
John thank you for the recipe killer
recipe you've been a big help and I will
be making this again definitely anyway I
will see on the next video
Cheers
you