[Music]
good morning guys it's Kay the organized
soprano here I'm professional organizer
we talk about all things domestic and
dog here and today is another cleaning
video today I have got to clean
something that I just noticed the other
day that I've actually never cleaned so
this is our fabulous condo if this is
your first time watching my channel and
we've lived here for two and half years
this little guy lives here too he's
tired from the park are you tired
you should be they play real hard real
hard at the park yeah so in living here
I love I love my kitchen I love all my
appliances but I have not cleaned can't
see the stove vent I've never cleaned it
let's take a look and see how disgusting
it is oh no oh no look at that
that's gross so I've seen people
recommend that you put that in
dishwasher I don't want to do that to my
dishwasher today it's good it's greasy
it's got stuff in it I don't want to
clog the dish part you know you know I
just I still want to do that so instead
we're gonna try a baking soda soaked
with hot water in the sink say prayer by
the way can we discuss how I'm totally
like representing like youtuber merch
today I've got my trainer tips shirt on
yes and I've got my vid summit socks on
check them out woo Derral Eve's is on my
feet you guys good summit I miss you
guys already okay and also it's shout
out to the husband who cleaned all the
dishes in the sink love you babe thanks
Maya left this morning there was like it
was like full dishes now okay
Thank You Eve thank you very much so I'm
gonna see how hot I can get the tap
water if not super hot I'm gonna boil
some water which takes forever
actually tax getting pretty hot so I'm
gonna put a stopper and fill this up my
stopper here
all right it's not as hot as I'd like it
to be I want it to be like really hot
like almost too hot for me to put my
hands in here so I'm gonna boil some
water make sure it's really really hot
and I'm gonna enjoy my banana but you
know who came as soon as I got my banana
out this friend he could not resist when
I take a banana out and try to eat it I
know you want a piece right
you want some my banana but there are
worse things to do while you're waiting
for some water to boil
lumpy he can't have a lot of us because
it's just so high in sugar but he is
he's addicted to banana oh I could I
just got the strangest Pokemon go
notification
[Music]
[Music]
okay my water is almost done boiling but
I'm gonna use also a pretty good suite
of dish soap I'm gonna grab this guy
this is my common good dish soap that
I'm going to review for you very soon
but I'm gonna give a pretty good few
squirts of this it's good and I'm
totally being arbitrary here but I'm
gonna use about 1/3 of a cup of baking
soda go nice and hot but I'm gonna do a
little swirly swirly with my brush I
want to burn my you-know-what likely
it's gonna clean my little brush too
fresh maybe a mess after this okay nice
and soapy touch more dish soap boom Oh
okay let's go ahead and grab our dirty
filter all right yucca doodles
so most filters just slide right out
Oh greasy disgusting mess the back isn't
so bad but the bottom this alright and
we go in our little hot solution of
let's see how hot is it it's pretty hot
of soapy water with baking soda in there
we're gonna let that hang out for about
ten minutes and we'll see if we can get
it clean when we come back just for
funsies we'll do the little owl thing
isn't that fun it's fun right ten
minutes on the clock put him right there
he's cute
[Music]
[Music]
oh okay I took some phone calls and I
watched a Tati video we are all set for
the ten minutes so thank you
owl Lee and it looks like there are some
stuff like floating on top of the water
like fat and stuff and so I'm gonna
bring the camera in a little closer and
we're gonna give us a good scrubbing
with a little more of the dish soap wow
that's let's just move that around a
little bit no just here we go oh wow
looking pretty good actually I don't
know I have to really brush it a lot but
it's looking pretty darn good already
I promise to take my rings off but oh
well does anyone else take their rings
off when I wash the dishes or wash stuff
I take my rings off like all day long I
take it off when I take a shower
they take them off when I do my hair I
just don't like stuff getting in there
the waters gross so that's actually
nice and gentle
all right holy shnikeys look how clean
look how absolutely spotless this is I
am very impressed oh my goodness
so is clover he's also very impressed so
I'm gonna set this in the dish thing to
dry and I'm gonna not put it back until
it's dry but I'm gonna give the hood
just a little bit of a clean so if
you've ever been very scared of cleaning
this don't be because look how clean it
got I'm very impressed
[Music]
her super greasy stuff I like to use
paper towels because it's really hard to
get that greasy residue out of
microfiber cloths so if it's like really
really crazy I go ahead and use paper
towel yeah you guys see that look look
the click look look look look look look
look look can you see how disgusting
that is let me turn down some of this
some brightness see the real thing oh
it's like super like this color doesn't
see if I can get some of that stuff off
now that it really not I really honestly
let's be it let's be real does this
stuff really matter no oh wow oh snap
okay
[Music]
I mean at the end of the day this
doesn't really matter but it's so
satisfying that I just have to you know
what I mean
guys can you relate it's just that
satisfying gosh I got so clean well I
mean it's uh super clean but I've got
cleaner I put some cleaner on a
toothpick because that's that's what
we're doing right now this is the level
we're at right now
[Music]
is that gonna be bad - oh wait that's
like I mean a little bit up there - oh
yeah baby yeah satisfaction when I what
I hate that it's not finished under here
that's so annoying it's like just the
melamine Oh cut off they're annoying
okay maybe this is a little bit extra
but maybe maybe he's a little bit of a
hydrogen peroxide
did it get in there got in there
[Music]
[Music]
alright that's looking pretty darn good
almost like we never cook here but we do
I cook here almost every night and I'm
surprised it's not more dirty but it
looked pretty clean right about now
so I'm excited to get the filter dry and
back in there so while I'm at it I might
as well clean to the microwave you know
what I mean and to be totally honest
with all of you the microwave actually
is not that dirty there's just a couple
of like little crumbs ease and uh stuff
at the top where it exploded so I was
gonna give it a quick clean while I'm
out here with the cleaner anyway you not
I mean
now the microwave I will hit with a
little bit of microfiber cloth just
because I don't like it to smell like
cleaner when I put food back in here
it's just kind of weird um so we're just
gonna clean this up real quick with a
microfiber cloth it's actually working
pretty well so buff my foot on that
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
and you know you guys just a quick tip I
totally forgot to do this fellas
cleaning the microwave so it's not dumb
so I'm going to tell you because I
forgot is to when you clean the
microwave clean the ceiling of the
microwave first because everything from
the ceiling is gonna like snow and
sprinkle down to the bottom of the
Requiem so that is what you should clean
last I like a dummy okay the bottom
white great first so I ended up doing
everything twice it's so damn so don't
don't forget like I did all right a
quick wash and dry and sink with this
little microwave bowl thing Bowl it's
not a bowl it's a spinny plate that's
the technical term is the spinny plate I
made uh we are good to go
Oakley and now since things have rained
down onto my range-top I need to clean
that too
and now the whole time I was run around
like why does it smell like pumpkin
spice
it smells like pumpkin spice and the
truth is I made pumpkin spice coffee
this morning and it's still in the
coffeemaker I'm gonna heat some up have
some later that's good I like pumpkin
spice I'm basic like that
[Music]
all right we're pretty spick-and-span
here I'm feeling a lot better about my
kitchen right now everything's clean
and I've got my hood filter sort of
drying right there so as soon as that
straw I'm gonna put it back in place and
it'll be like we never lived here so I'm
gonna have a little bit of lunch and
then I've got to get to an appointment
and we'll chat maybe in the car coming
back in from from an appointment I was
gonna say something totally different
but let's talk when I get inside
[Music]
you're not affectionate at all not at
all no you don't need any love you so
cold-hearted so it's so cold perfect now
what I was going to say is that if that
um I have been sort of trying to
reevaluate what is worth doing and what
is not worth doing in my professional
life if you're going to your work and
you are like angry on the way there and
while you're doing it you say oh I hate
this instead of just sort of sitting in
that feeling and not doing anything I
want you to lean into that a little bit
and take that time to really feel that
lean into it and let that be a catalyst
for change for you most of us are going
to live less than a hundred years here
on earth a little longer now that it's
like the Health Care's a little better
now but let's say like we live like a 90
years do you want to spend most of that
working time as an adult having that
feeling that feeling of like when you go
to work you go lean into that go with
that
let that be a lesson to you let that be
a message to you that you must change
something and take opportunities as they
arise it does not really there and you
feel like it's gonna benefit your life
and you're afraid go ahead and take it
anyway do something that makes you
uncomfortable do something that makes
you scared if you don't do the things
that scare you now you're gonna regret
not doing them later totally okay that
was my pep talk I hope you guys enjoyed
today's random video of me cleaning the
stove vent I hope that you guys if you
guys have been scared of doing that you
do that now it's not scary you can get
it clean living proof all right I'm
going to let clover for your in screen
today if you guys liked today's video
and you want to watch something more
like it click that view right here and
watch the next one that would really be
that would be the best thing you can do
it if you guys like cutting like this so
subscribe so uh I'll see you guys next
meal