hi mom Co today you guys are hanging out
with me Carly Stiles and we are going to
be building a chore craft yes you heard
me right
chor craft I know about your risk kids
I'm little boy Cooper loves money lately
and he is obsessed with doing anything
he can to earn some money and even if
you guys don't have kids maybe this
could be a great idea for your roommates
or people in your house everybody can
just kind of chip in and help make the
home and all the extra chores and things
to do around house a little bit easier
in my house I'm a firm believer and
there are certain things that you have
to do no matter what just because you
live here I'm really trying to teach
Cooper's a value of the things that you
get aren't deserved
you have to earn them and so there's
certain things that Cooper has to do all
the time that are just his rent if you
will so cleaning his room keeping his
laundry put away and sorted vacuuming um
keeping his bathroom kind of tidied up
and then sometimes we ask him to help us
out with the yard work so when it comes
to Cooper and like activities he wants
to do their summer there's so many
things he wants to do to earn money for
that I don't feel comfortable just
handing over it to him we would all be
broke jokes at the end of the day and as
long just hand over money to our kids
anytime that they ask for it so what
we're going to be doing today is
something I saw on Pinterest it's really
easy because I am NOT a crafter that's
missed a huge drop job but we are doing
what we're calling is a chore chart and
these are kind of like additional jobs
that you can do to earn money so what
you're going to need is some different
colored paper or just white paper it
doesn't have to be fancy to label the
things that we're going to be doing some
plastic ziplock bags some kind of board
where you can pin the things too you
could even use some cardboard or this is
just a cork board some pins actually
even came with this one I believe I
picked it up at Walmart
dollar bills and some money some
scissors and some markers to be able and
label the things that you're going to
doing and of course your favorite
beverage some good music mmm
and time just to like think about things
that you need help with in your house
okay now once you have all of your
papers cut out for your back
all you need to think about is what
you're going to label them okay so now
that I'm done with my signs I'm going to
share mine with you guys just because
maybe some of you are curious about some
of the chores that I need extra help
with um and maybe you guys will have
some ideas for uh small things that you
want your kids are really good at but
they want to help us with so my first
sign is car um usually I make Cooper
empty out his toys anyways mom dad you
guys know when you're hauling kids
around
they tend to be pack rats they always
have a treat or something in their hand
they're playing with and of course when
they get out the car they forget about
and over time it just like stacked up so
usually I have Cooper help me unload all
those things he has in car because alou
his responsibilities but also I love
when he helps me clean the car this is
vacuuming I'm taking some Clorox wipes
and going to town I'm just then putting
your little feet up on the back to see
can leave dust marks so car and I would
range this one anywhere from one to five
dollars depending on how messy our car
is so what I'm going to do is stick car
the first one on the board tack it in
and then you can decide at the end of
the day how much money you want to
decide
this tour is worth and like I said I
decide mine based on how messy my cards
right now I would say it's about a $2.00
job so then I will take it two dollars
put it in the bag I thought this would
be better so it's more incentivizing
because they can actually see the money
put the money in the bag and then again
take another tack
and tack it below car and that way they
realize that car is something that they
can work to do and that they will earn
themselves two dollars then that way
they can keep building on their
allowance as they're saving up for type
toy or if they want to go do something
next I have stock the fridge and that
might seem really weird but in our
outside garage we have an extra fridge
which is really can mean especially in
these hot summer months I love to keep
waters sodas juices popsicles just
anything out there that's going to be
really messy or kids that are gonna want
to get in and out of a lot some of your
kids running in through your house we
just keep that fit fridge stocked out
there and then if I'm working in the
yard I can just go grab a fresh water
and it's really nice but when you stop
the fridge it's a lot of work there
requires a lot of boxes for recycling
and loading in the drinks and of course
I like them lined up like you know crib
style so this is about a dollar job for
us
so stocking the fridge I have organized
I don't know about you guys but my
closets and just spaces in my house tend
to get really cluttered so I've talked
for how to throw things away where
certain items need to go that starts
piling up like ponytail holder and a
pair of flip-flops and a shirt and this
and that he's learned to see whose
object is whose and goes and takes it
puts on their bed and it just really
helps clear space or the laundry closet
the pantry closet there's so many things
so organized is usually a five dollar
drop because of
much harder for him to focus that long
and that requires more time organized
dustbunnies um I don't know about you
guys but um we live we're in a
neighborhood that's under construction
right now there's a lot of houses up and
coming so there's a lot of dust in our
house and it doesn't matter how many
times I dust
there's always dust and dust bunnies so
I bought a couple of different cool
dusters that Cooper can work with and he
just takes them and goes along our
ceiling fans our our window treatments
and things like that and that one to me
is probably about a 1 to 3 dollar job
depending on how long it's been since
you've dusted ha baseboards okay I might
be the crazy lady
but baseboards in your house get really
dusty and really dirty really quickly
and it's something that you can forget
and then over time it can actually
really make your house look really aged
and older if you're not on top of it so
what I mean by this is something about
keeping your walls and baseboards really
clean actually really helps to keep your
house fresh and newer looking I've only
been living in this house one year and
that's something that we've really
worked on is baseboards and it would
blow your mind how fresh it keeps the
paint looking and how new it keeps your
house cooking so the base sports and if
you guys aren't sure what baseboards are
that's a little wood block that meets
the end of where the walls at and what I
have Cooper do is go all along that with
a mr. clean eraser if there's any block
marks from the vacuum or shoes and then
wipe off the top for dust and that so
baseboards that's about a $5 job as well
but just because it takes quite a while
an hour for him if he's on it and then
last but least dogs
yes not just dog dogs we now have two
golden doodles and they require a lot of
time and attention and I told my family
if we have to because believe it or not
the second dog wasn't even my idea of
course I was supporting it I love
animals but I know how much time they
take so when it comes to dogs there are
certain things that Cooper has to do he
has to walk them and he'll pick up the
dog poo and then feed them hair there
but sometimes they need extra love they
need extra playing time they need extra
walks or baths or whatever it is helping
them
clean up their toys because they have a
little toy bin and they know how to get
their toys in and out of the toy bin so
this is about a dollar job and it really
goes a long way to me when I'm really
busy and just need some help giving our
dogs some love so now I'm going to do is
just put the dollar amounts in the bags
hang them all up and then show you when
I'm done hey guys there you have it the
final product and I feel like Cooper is
going to be cashman he has an
opportunity made 5 10 15 16 17 18 19
almost 20 bucks which for a little kid
it's really good to keep teach them how
to save how to budget and to earn the
money that they want to use to spend and
I know that that would be been a very
valuable lesson for me in my earlier
years so I think the younger we start
with our kids and family members and
friends that easier will become in the
future to learn how to save and really
work for your money so if you guys
recreate these boards I would love to
see them tag us the moms ooh and meet
Harley Styles again these are just
really simple ideas and I would love to
see or hear of any of your suggestions
or tips that you have for us thanks for
watching the mom do for all the support
you guys continue to give us and we're
just being so great we are so lucky to
have you we love you so much bye
you