[Music]
hi my name's Twain lockart I'm a poultry
specialist for nutrin feeds and today
I'm going to show you how to bathe your
chicken in their natural environment
chickens bathe themselves with dust but
sometimes as in the case of show
chickens it makes sense for an actual
soap and water scrub for your bird
typically this is done about 3 days
prior to the show to give the natural
oil a chance to return to the feathers
warning do not submerge your bird's head
underwater as they can drown easily
first gather your materials you will
need three wash tubs or 5 Gall buckets
fill up about halfway with lukewarm
water we're doing this on a cool fall
day so we're not using actual water fill
your first tub and add soap and swish to
get some Suds the Second tub is a rinse
bucket if you're going to be showing
white birds a drop or two of bluing will
help them become whiter
but a little bit goes a long way in the
third bucket some people like to add one
cup of apple cider vinegar per gallon or
a few drops of Glycerin as this helps
make the bird's feathers shiny first
place chicken in the first tub with soap
gently dip the bird in the water in an
up and down motion if it is the bird's
first bath it might freak out a little
tip do not rub the feathers it will
break them second place bird in rinse
bucket use the same gentle dunking
motion again be careful not to rub the
feathers third shine bucket set your
chicken in the bucket and scoop water
over him or her fourth let them drip dry
for a few moments then pat dry with a
towel if the feed are still dirty use an
old toothbrush to gently clean some
people will blow dry their chickens this
is personal preference but recommended
during cooler weather initially the
noise might scare the chicken but they
settle down pretty quick and in fact
seem to enjoy it place in a clean cage
until the show