it is cold outside and that's when pests
can sh start I should say showing up
inside in today's Hands-On gardening how
to get rid of some of those common pests
that can actually end up showing up in
your
kitchen well in our last Hands-On
gardening we talked a little bit about
some of those pests that come inside for
the winter uh the box elder bugs also
the lady Beatles but uh those are more
nuisance type pests today I'm joined by
Steve huner from the U extension office
to talk more about uh some of those uh
bugs that can get inside uh and into our
coverboards and can kind of cause
problems that way we're talking about
the pantry pest really here Corey uh
it's the weevils it might be the flower
grain beetles uh that we might be able
to start to show up as adults in some of
these stored products that we might have
in our home and it's a good idea once in
a while especially if we're not using
them all the time to check out and see
if any infestation has started okay what
are the most common ones well the most
common ones are the grain Beetles the
drugstore beetles some of the different
weevils that we see really getting into
a number of products that we might be
storing anywhere from herbs and spices
to crackers to flowers to Noodles to
cereals uh even some of the nuts and the
chocolates that we might have around our
potential sources for them to live in so
they're they're not picky eaters they
are not they can host on a wide variety
of things okay so uh what happens if you
discover them what how do you get rid of
them well that food source or that
infestation what they're feeding on is
needing to be REM removed or get taken
out because we don't know if the eggs
are still there if the larvae is still
there for sure we see adults that's
typically what we find and see so
removal of that food source is important
and then how we store it from there on
is going to be important too okay so you
want to probably avoid a lot of these
cardboard storage containers because the
bugs will chew right through them that's
right and those packaging sources
sometimes are where those are coming
from there might have got picked up from
so we might have to remove them
sometimes putting the noodles in those
sealed containers uh you know the nuts
into something with a plastic with a
sealed jar lid are going to be helpful
temporarily you can vacuum those shelves
up wash them down if the source has been
there and get them removed and start
over again bying them what happens if
you take a bite out of a cracker before
you even realize you have it if you
accidentally ingest it they're not going
to hurt you no most of the time we have
a very small amount that would be a
problem but most of the time we
recognize it before that happens because
they start crawling around as we see
them moving so uh just making sure that
we check those places out and start to
look for them early to identify really
going to help us in the long run all
righty thanks much there Steve check
those pantries that is today's Hands-On
gardening