Oh youtube this is james amazed i ah
fall I'm you think about cool weather
leaves changing color and then pretty
soon very sensuous turkeys so I happen
to have a huge rosemary bush in my front
yard and I'll be harvesting some I have
a lot of new growth sorry baby this
weekend is fun that i'll be taking off
an intimate little basket be here just
got home from where i can realize that
this needed a trim so i'm going to
dehydrate this well not really
dehydrated i'm actually going to dry it
I've got a dowel rod that I tie them on
to and I have a piece of yarn that I'll
hang it up on the wall and I'll just let
it dry naturally after about a week I'll
take it down and take all the the green
off and put it into a jar it's not
beautiful of the smell Wow what I'll do
is is that sometimes I do it with the
dried rosemary sometimes I do it with
fresh but i'll make a compound butter
and what that is is you soften some
butter and you grind up some rosemary
some salt they need some other spices
and i'll roll it up into a log and then
all phrase it and then when the turkeys
ready to go into the oven i'll actually
cut the log into little coins and shove
it up under the skin and that way the
flavor goes through the instead of
having to go through this game is under
it and this is very juicy and makes for
a really for turkey so I'm just kind of
techne stews got quite a bit it's pretty
make a little basket here that is
beautiful like gorgeous
so it's nice to have wonderful herbs
just going in a front yard in their
decorative they were pretty and the
return is just amazing I was actually
looking after rosemary in the grocery
store and a little sprig about this size
got three of them it's five dollars with
a plastic container it was completely
wilted and I thought well then said
because it's such a wonderful herb have
to pay so much for it just awful so I've
got some nice aged section I mean edible
say just is a pretty Silverados berries
looking for Olly someone wearing the sky
flower things are really pretty but
somewhere well you know those are mixed
in petunias some more sage over here
somewhere phone whoops tree up here
wordski blackberry I should grow on and
go through there and keep just tons of
blackberries and we've got some
pineapple guava strawberry guava and for
blackberries they're not producing any
more but they definitely make for a good
defense for the windows so we've got
plenty under there give you the full who
tries to break into our house like it's
done like crazy so still picking away as
usual one handed so I'm going to finish
harvesting some herbs but i'll show you
how r hang it up and i'll get back to
when i get ready to harvest it well ok
so i'm all done harvesting what I'm
going to harvest right now and that is
pretty nice so beautiful and green and
pretty and my lantana of course just now
starting to bloom how pretty
my ruellia my sage covered in purple
flowers that's what i have left on my
rosemary I remember when I first got it
it was about the size of the stem I
showed you earlier and now its enormous
and I actually have another one I've
started it's going to be given to a
friend and went to show you my purple
flowers that's pretty actually got one
little tiny plan from a friend of mine
and now I've got them all along the yard
we got some more bushes here lots and
lots of blackberry and small my petunia
over on the side so they divide pretty
well and they're beautiful ground cover
don't quite know what these are but
they're really really pretty so I'm
going to take this inside and put it on
the hanger well no I'm actually going to
wash it then I'll put it on the hanger
we're going to show you one more thing
I've gotten my yard this is actually
vitex also called the chaste tree want
to go there was some room an event
attached i came over the name of it
where women would leave their men to go
and be chest for a while and they would
actually eat the seeds of the vitex plan
in order to cool the heat of lust they
say this but beautiful we're just spikes
of flowers possible as the whole tree
could see why but not though actually
separately Matt all together but the
vertex these seeds are used medicinally
they are supposed to help out with
female issues irregular cycles heavy
cycles there's a lot of general female
problems I'd invite you to look it up
and check it out for yourself but I'll
be harvesting these as well and I'll be
saving those so these I should just make
some more and way down here a little
pomegranate my plant in long ago I
wanted to put it in the shade to see if
it would do well and it has
so produces an it's going to be dug up
and put into a large pot so i'm going to
show you my vitex wait huh this is
amazing how major can help you out so
much and you don't even realize it but a
lot of you have got some these in your
yard or even in your neighbor's yard I'm
going to realize the the wealth of
nutrition and the medical uses of plants
like this so actually got a lot of seeds
I can have this don't know if you can
see this I'll probably have quite an
amount so back to the road time to wash
the rosemary I discovered that if you
just hang up the rosemary as it is it
gets us were kind of cobweb bullet that
fake cobweb you buy to decorate your
house for Halloween and he gets it all
over it so what I'm doing is I'm filled
with it with cold water a little bucket
here and I'm going to put a little
splash of apple cider vinegar I'll take
that much and spin for the rosemary in
there you can also do this with
food-grade peroxide sorry about my dog
she's outside and wants to come in and I
disagree with it right now this in a fun
little bit more water there but it
doesn't take a whole lot you really just
want to hit the vinegar water on it
don't any bugs or anything that might be
on it and yeah oh my lemon grass I
bought some lemongrass from an asian
market and use the tops of it for my
insect repellent and I put the bottoms
into some water as you can see they're
growing and so I'm going to get those
planted soon and my league from the
farmers market it's got a really nice
root system on it no certain a bro and
I'm going to get that planted so stuff
growing everywhere and it
honey its fall but I'm in the south so
the fall actually doesn't mean for us
but i'm using the north it's just time
to put the cole crops in you really ever
get real winters or any kind of snow or
eyes so a lot of the things that we plan
something we can still grow tomatoes up
till about maybe a week or so before
Christmas so just washing these around
and they're just getting a beautiful
more green and gorgeous and this smells
just amazing all right so I'm going to
finish washing these I'm going to rinse
them off help you with a sprayer it'll
make your lover year and then I'll kind
of bring a little bit too dry em and
then I'll put them on the dryer taking
them all out of the water just sprung in
the world job is to get the majority of
the water off what I'll do is I'll take
them in small groups I'll put on the
higher just tie them up by the cut end
let's let him hang you're not truly
upside down i'll probably be letting my
dog here in a sec if she's about to jump
through the window there we go all right
to the dryer so I've got a little bundle
here that I've tied up and this is my
dryer ooh impressive and high tech isn't
it yep just a down with a piece of yarn
tied on either side and then what I'll
do is I'll hang it up on here actually
I'll tie this onto the rod then I'll
hang the rod up and just let it dry very
easy just let me enjoy naturally that's
what will keep the flavor it's usually
best to harvest herbs in the morning
since when they have the most oils in
them but it's fall and they seem to be
pretty green and I've done this before
i'm probably going to go out saturday
morning and do that but i just got home
from work and notice they really needed
a trim so why not keep the harvest so
i'm going to get these all tied up and
type to the rod and i'll show you how it
looks I tie them up all I do is I line
up the cut ends I try to keep them
pretty even
I just put them on top of a piece of
yarn really easy tie them up hold it
there turn it into a knot then tied
around the rod that's it and all you do
is gather some more here way down your
yarn so it's just a lot easier than
slippy and underneath she'll move it and
get it all snagged just laying on top of
the yarn to play them up yes you can
doesn't have to be perfect they're
actually just going to be dry than
stripped off the stem look nice and
tight you want to get it really tight as
it dries it'll start to shrink and the
next you know you got rosemary stems all
over your floor although it will smell
really nice um yeah that's not really
good for putting on your turkey me more
okay the last one and as I cut them I
light them up the same way so it's a lot
easier to do this part is that you watch
them you just keep them in the same
direction so you get ready to tie them
up you don't want to flip them around
and see which sides which last one
another simple not okay
okay gets a little tangled here here
I've tied it around kind of funky
usually works out a little bit better
than this
there you go I take our dryer that's
going to be hung up in an archway the
house and it'll smell really nice while
it dries know once it's dry I'll take it
down there you go harvesting rosemary
there we go hung up in an archway out of
the way and that will try nicely but
will be too much light on it that's just
a shame delay from behind but i'll just
let it drawn so yeah