hi this is Billy and today I want to
show you how to make your own fabric
softener now I must tell you if anyone
that knows me will I'm not into the
do-it-yourself I'm not crafty I don't
want to spend time trying to learn but I
heard how simple this was and I'm like
I've got to try this so if I can do this
you can do this little backstory is we
went grocery shopping this was 2.48
these were 84 cents each we used our
coupons got this for free this was uh A1
off of three so by the time we bought
all of our ingredients for the fabric
softener it equals 83 cents for one
gallon now one gallon at a grocery store
is very expensive and at Walmart we
priced it generic ran about $6 a gallon
and name brand was up to $9 a gallon so
for 83 you're going to be able to make
your own fabric softener all right now
let's get started first we're going to
start with our boiling water and it
needs to be boiling that way um it
dissolves the conditioner and I have six
cups here that's already hot
and we're just going to pour that into
our plastic picture picture that we
bought and then you need two cups of the
conditioner now this one is 15 oz it's
an ounce shy of two cups so I'm not
going to measure that out I'm just going
to go ahead and pour that in
there and I'm using kiwi so my clothes
will smell like kiwi
now what the vinegar does vinegar will
kill the odor of anything that you have
in the clothes and the fabric softener
will override the odor of the vinegar
and it will also make your clothes soft
now from what I hear I haven't tested
this yet is that the conditioner does
not um inhibit the the absorbability in
your towels for the water I know when I
use dryer sheets it doesn't absorb the
water so I hear with this method it
actually works better so we're going to
stir this
around make sure it all gets
dissolved into that hot water and then
we're going to add our three cups of
vinegar how easy was that 83 cents I've
saved anywhere from five to8 on a gallon
of fabric softener so again if I can do
it you can do it stay tuned and catch us
again for next Friday when we have
another fergal do-it-yourself project