[Music]
heyo welcome back to my channel so today
I just kind of wanted to do like it I'm
not really cook with me but I guess our
recipe share would be a better name for
it I'm making chicken spaghetti tonight
for my family from the Pioneer Woman and
I thought I was just share that with
y'all I'm sure it's a popular recipe
what yes and for Hayden - for my family
and for Hayden well yes and McKenna and
dad anyway yeah and then you thought
everybody's gonna be eating - spaghetti
tonight but anyway I feel bad is that
spirit out says how may and China have a
little freezer meal in there but we
always use big things like that so I
bring for me so anyway if you like to
see how sticking together who's made and
just keep watching and I'd love to have
you subscribe if you're new which you
probably are but Kendall's new and also
give me a thumbs up says see you guys in
my next video alright so first you will
just need a fourth of a cup of green
pepper and also 1/4 of a cup of onion I
just use these frozen little bags of
onion and green pepper I'm showing you
my nails match my own mixer can you tell
the tilt is my favorite color so anyway
I just like to use the frozen ones it
makes recipes that much easier and
faster to step those in there
[Music]
next you'll just add two cans of cream
of mushroom soup open those up and put
em in your mixing bowl with your onion
and green pepper
[Music]
okay the next thing you're gonna add
it's about two cups as the sharp cheddar
cheese you can grate your own but I
decide this to save time again for
scraping it's really good it's better
probably but for today we're using this
so just add in two cups and then you'll
see my daughter come up anytime I am
getting cheese out it doesn't matter
what kind it's like she knows that she's
coming up going to bite then you'll just
add a jar of the diced pimentos you want
to drain them and then just add them in
[Music]
then you want to add some seasoned salt
a teaspoon I like to use as Lowery's
it's even the lower sodium but I still
think it tastes really good
and you want to add two cups of chicken
broth just add that in there it just
adds some moisture to the mixture makes
it really really good you can use
chicken broth if you cook your own
chicken you know from the chicken you
cooked but again I just added something
that's different
[Music]
all right so just get that quick mix to
get everything so far commode and drain
your noodles it's just a regular sized
box of spaghetti noodles I use the whole
week time and I just added those
straight into the bowl and then again
just gave it a quick mix to combine the
noodles and with everything else mix it
all and then we're gonna add and the
chicken in just a second all right so
while my noodles were going I also had
about two or three chicken breasts
boiling when they're done you just pop
them into your mixer if you have one
it's the coolest thing ever you just use
this attachment I have here and it
shreds it up in literally a minute
the chicken is still pulling hot or not
boiling hot steaming hot and shreds it
right up then just add that to the
mixture with the noodles and everything
and give it a quick toss just to get
everything evenly command
[Music]
[Applause]
all right so once this all meats just
evenly spread it out I'm spread out into
two different pans one I think 8 by 11
glass pin for tonight and then just a 9
by 13 aluminum pan from my freezer meal
so I just spread those out evenly I did
spray the pans before I put them in
there it's spreading out all evenly and
you will bake the one for tonight for
about 45 minutes on 375 and the one in
the freezer meal for about an hour to an
hour and a half then I just spread the
remaining cup of shredded cheddar cheese
on top try to have a cut on each again
I'll measure just put some cheese on
there it's hard to get wrong with cheese
so just spread some on then I just cover
the one for the night with some aluminum
full and then the one in the freezer
meal I do like to do it with plastic
wrap first and then aluminum full just
write the name the date and how long to
cook it like I said 375 hour 2 hour and
a half for the freezer meal and tonight
for about 45 minutes then there is the
oven nice and hot and bubbling is such a
family friendly meal like I said the
best part is we have another one in the
freezer for later on my busy night serve
it up with a side salad or some steamed
vegetables just what we had and it was
really good let me know if you've
trapped it or you're thinking about
trying and how it turns out thanks so
much for watching guys please subscribe
to my channel see you next time
[Music]