[Music]
today on cheese rules to rind or not to
rind that is the question what do you do
each of these cheeses has a different
rind how do you know should you eat it
should you not eat it should you just um
eat the whole thing this cheese is a
fresh goat cheese and it's sprinkled
with some ash it's actually terrific but
I I always recommend to people eat the
paste of the cheese first then take a
little bit of the Rind does it taste
good eat it the same with this bloomy
rind goat bre I think you should take a
little bit of the paste then take a
little bit of the Rind and eat it um if
you like it enjoy it this is a beautiful
Wisconsin cheddar but it does have a
bandage on it it's called bandage
wrapped cheddar so it's fabric do do not
eat this you don't want to eat fabric
with your cheese so I always cut it off
and then enjoy it um myself on a
beautiful plate or on a grilled cheese
sandwich fabulous this is a new cheese
and I actually was in Texas at the
American cheese Society conference when
this won the gold in its category this
is by the sori family it's called
pastoral and you see it's got this
beautiful paprika rind again I really
believe take a bite of the
paste take a little sip of your wine
woo take a bite of your of your rind
take a little sip of your wine and see
if it works together sometimes the Rind
won't work with wine and sometimes it
just sends you to the moon this one it's
really a blue cheese but it doesn't look
like one it almost looks like a science
experiment look at that when I first saw
it I was kind of afraid of this rind
it's fabulous This Is by Tony and Julie
hook small Wisconsin cheese makers that
work alone they're so small and it's
named Bloom an idiot and Tony told me
it's named after him when he drops
something in the creamy he goes oh you
bloom an idiot and therefore the name of
the cheese again take the paste enjoy it
try the grind if you enjoy it eat it
this is a raw milk guda again from
Wisconsin
a wonderful cheese maker but it's
plastic you can see it's plastic do not
eat this cut it off and enjoy your
cheese with washed R cheeses they're
often pretty stinky so sometimes I'll
give the Rind a little sponge bath with
a paper towel and just take a little bit
of that stinky smell off to kind of help
my friends who can't handle it um but
this cheese the Rind is like like a
super supercharge of the cheese so again
take the paste eat it then take a bite
of the Rind some people it's too much
other people love it so I hope I've
answered to rind or not to rind is
pretty simple fabric don't eat it
plastic don't eat it anything else take
a little nibble see if you like it and
enjoy
[Music]
[Music]