in the summertime there's nothing better
than sitting in the garden and enjoying
a strawberry tart with pimps
unfortunately it's January and it's
freezing staying in is the new going out
but only if you've got great food and
jates with you unfortunately we don't
have any other friends but the food is
incredible in each of these episodes two
of us cook up something awesome to share
and to Kickstart Our Big
[Music]
Night hey
do pins and this is a
beautiful vanilla pims tart perfect for
Summer perfect for the summer or for any
time of you that you might want to eat
it and why not have the in the idyllic
setting of outside outside firstly how
good does that look it looks spectacular
it's so colorful pest
resistance we've got the what add some
Spanish in for the day pin Bo we were
told turn up there's going to be Tarts
and foam I'm going to be we delivered I
was expecting something slightly
different to make the pastry for our
tart take flour and cold diced cubed
salted butter and blend it up in a food
processor until you get bread crumb
consistency and then to go with our pins
and strawberry flavors the zest of a
lemon goes in followed by sugar and one
egg and then just need it just enough to
bring it together into one bowl we don't
want to be needing this for too long
just enough enough until you got one
bowl of dough at which point it needs to
go into fridge wrapped up in cing film
and rest for an
[Music]
hour now is this the sort of pce you
that can crack when you put it onto the
case or not yes and top tip can you save
it don't try and roll it out when it's
too cold okay the colder it is the more
it will crack but the warmer it is the
stickier it gets you have got to get
that balance of somewhere in between
I can see
C use another clump of pastry just to
press it into the corners what sorry
what difference does that make uh you're
less likely to put your fingers through
it if You' got a clump of that as
opposed to if you got sharp nails I like
that tip then you won't push it through
and then cover it with grease with paper
or tin foil line it with baking beans
and we're going to bake this in the oven
190Â° C for about 10 minutes then take
the beans out and cook it for another
[Music]
five looks count for everything so trim
the excess with a serrated knife by just
going around the top of the tin I love
that all the creamy bit is awesome does
it not just taste like sunshine
no the video needs to come with an age
restriction you need to blur those out
all three of them what your eyes
boys so the filling itself is really
simple you need to just stop moaning and
whip up some double
cream it done yet no why are you so
moany about cream I hate it I hate
whiskey Mike you sympathize with me
because as Sports go it's quite it's an
endurance sport it's repetition I don't
like repetition in sports if I look away
don't think about it suddenly look stop
there perfect at which point you've got
your whipped up cream add in full fat
cream cheese vanilla pod seeds and Casta
sugar whip up again this stuff is going
to be amazing whip up
[Music]
again and then once the filling is
inside of our blind baked case all we
have to do is top it with a selection of
fruit and you've gone for seasonal
fruits we've gone for pims fruit fruits
that appear in a season just not the one
that we're in right
now I could imagine watching tennis uh
whilst eating this the problem is it
would have to be the Australian Open cuz
W's a few months away there are
different times in the year where is
that light coming
from well do you feel like we might need
a Broly in a
[Music]
minute how is that for lemonade lemonade
oh hello that's really refreshing for
the sunmer really cool you down I never
realized how easy it was to make
homemade lemonade yeah we're talking
about the Cloudy flat stuff basically
three lemons one of which we've already
zested into our pastry go into a blender
with a liter of water some cast of sugar
and then we're going to make this
incredibly floral with some lavender and
Blossom honey cuz I know the lads will
appreciate a floral
[Music]
lemonade and the last thing to do with
your lemonade is to SI it to get rid of
any of the py bits and serve it over ice
I just can't believe you let Ben get
away with it what the floral tou no know
it's just there isn't one sprig of mint
on this there's about 30 sprigs of mint
but we deliberately went for the small
ones well on that makes it better we're
going to need to get a weed killer just
to
real so see as this is quite a different
phone party from the one we thought we
were having how did you make that foam B
got sileny so we're going to make a foam
using High foam and zanon gum 150 mil of
our homemade lemonade and 50 mil of pims
can we Raven
it no guess not in all seriousness the
bit that makes this awesome is a little
bit of Homa a milk protein and a little
bit of zanam pochar AB them in it gives
you that foam it gives you the volume
and the stability if you want this stuff
you can get it online um but you don't
need it it's just an extra fancy fun
it's just the kind of stuff people have
lying around in their kitchens at home
anyway definitely the fancy extra EV a
question from the other Hannah um I what
Hannah no the the other Hannah okay yeah
um she was asking is there any other
subtitute you could use for alcohol in
this any other substitute yeah um in
dessert
I find alcohol is doing its thing you
don't normally burn it off so you can't
really substitute it just find a
different awesome flavor but you don't
have to put in here we've got lavender
we've got honey we've got lemon there's
enough going on you don't need it m if
you're cooking with it and you're
putting in a risoto or a sauce or
something like that go in with just veg
stock um and then maybe a little bit of
vinegar cuz or or lemon juice because
you need the slight acidity you would
get from wine same as if you're using it
a marinade yeah white wine in a marinade
tenderizes and that's the acidity so use
a vinegar instead cool I hope all the
hand are happy with that answer well
this is delicious it's really good well
done everyone why don't we get on to a
question I have a question
here okay just going straight at me bee
has asked what is your favorite kind of
cheese it's a very important question
you want I say
cheesecake does that count I'm not the
ruler here I think that's a fair answer
cter you like that kind of cheese a cake
of cheese yeah uh Ben um I like a soft
cheese like a Brie oh um either French
or Somerset Mike don't really like
cheese go for a really light cheddar or
I do like Buffalo mozzarella because it
doesn't taste like burger cheese so it's
a bit of a cup out but you know I'd have
to say a moner Jack or like a chili
cheese oh okay so you're going from
across the pond exactly maybe molten
cheese like a fondue oh what about like
a warm stringy burger cheese anything
that you can like a fondue that you can
just kind of hover over and just warm
yourself cheese on toast
gr anything gratinated what about a
stone baked pizza with melty cheese oven
baked um like cam Bear Just dipp oh
imagine cheese in the bar what what
cheese do you have in your bar no idea
where that came from in your head
[Music]
n
[Music]