[Music]
Welcome to The amoret Test Kitchen I'm
Tomas and I've slipped in here today to
prepare myself a little Southwestern
specialty called soap AIA I think you're
going to like these so let's get to work
[Music]
step one you add the dry ingredients the
flour the baking powder to make it rise
the breaking soda the salt put them in
the stand mixer and run the dough hook
until they're pretty well Blended
together add the water and the
shortening let the mixer continue to run
until you form a soft dough that wraps
itself around the hook pulls away from
the sides of the bowl cover the bowl
with Saran Wrap and let it sit for 20 to
30 minutes to
rest once your D's rested for 20 minutes
you roll it out onto a flowed board to
about 1/4 in thick to a 9 in X 15in
rectangle cut this rectangle into 15 3in
pieces you're going to take each little
3-in pillow and you're going to drop it
into the 375Â° oil don't crowd it let
them cook until they're golden brown on
both
[Music]
sides put them out on a plate with paper
towels to
drain then while they're still warm you
roll them in the cinnamon sugar and put
them on a Clean Plate once you're ready
to serve well I bite the end off and
instead of splitting it open with a
knife and I pour my honey in there or my
Emet syrup and I just gobble it
down that's how you make a soap AIA hope
you've enjoyed our little video if you
have any comments or questions you can
write us at blog amor.com and check out
our other videos at amet
blog.com Bona
[Music]
Petit thanks again for joining us today
below you can find a link to our store
as well as recipes developed in the
Amery Test Kitchen if you want to see
our previous recipe click on the video
next to me also check us out on Facebook
Instagram and Twitter oh and don't
forget to hit the like button and
subscribe to our
Channel mix until
[Music]
combined place the mixture in the fridge
for a minimum of 4 hours or overnight to
fully hydrate the Chia seeds