we are rolling so a really good friend
of mine is coming over and he's going to
show me how to make liver and onions I
know just the thought of liver an organ
but I've do I've been doing a lot of
reading about uh liver and he is a fan
of it so instead of me showing you how
to make liver and onions the way he does
it I figured why don't I just bring him
over have him cook for us and show us
and I'll be asking questions because I'm
just as curious as you are about making
liver and onions so I'm going to make
side dish which is a vegetable I've put
in my rice cooker a cup of brown rice
and a cup of quinoa and of course a
little bit of the olive oil and some
salt and that's ready to rock and roll
and that way it's not too much uh of the
brown rice there's a grain there they're
both good grains but of course I prefer
the quinoa which is a more healthier
super grain so I combine both and no one
knows the difference that they're eating
a real good super grain along with the
brown rice but I'm also going to do a
vegetable so I'm going to make brussel
sprouts he likes asparagus personally
I'm not crazy about it so I'm going to
make brussel sprouts and instead of me
on the stove I'm going to give him the
stove and I'm going to use the oven to
roast these
[Music]
suckers brussel sprouts are really
easy some people like them some people
don't I eat them many different ways the
first way that I ate them was on the
stove with some salt and pepper and I
really like them and I tried them again
this time I put them in the oven and I
enjoy them more in the oven and it
really is a nice
vegetable that you don't have to worry
much about you let the oven take care of
it have you ever seen how a Brussels
sproutz grows it's really interesting
I'm going to show you a picture I just
find it interesting that that this
vegetable grows like
this some people call them little
cabbages okay I'm going to put some
salt there is no right or wrong of this
recipe season to taste to
it I'm going to add yes some pepper
flakes have you noticed I like a little
punch in almost all my uh dishes
something
spicy and of course I love my garlic
powder okay can you push can you put
fresh garlic in it you can I've done it
before but the garlic does burn in the
oven so unless you're watching it you
might just want to stick with the powder
to that I'm going to add some olive oil
again you can use coconut oil avocado
oil olive oil canola
oil I'm just going to use a healthier
oil that in my family we like and you
have a choice you can either use a spoon
to mix or a good old hand I'm going to
use my good old
hands if you're trying to get your kids
to eat brussels sprouts or some kind of
vegetables my advice to you is make this
and have them mix it uh up and what you
will see is most of the time when kids
are involved in the kitchen they're
going to eat what they make and usually
that's what I tell my kids I go if
you're going to help me that means you
also got to try it out and they go okay
and sure enough they eat
it pretty much that's it that's simple
so I have some parchment paper you can
leave it on a baking dish without
parchment paper personally I enjoy
parchment paper number one is it's easy
cleanup number
two is I don't know for some reason I
just I like it this makes it
easier and if you have old baking dishes
or baking sheets like I do p paper
helps so basically what you're going to
do voila
distribute them evenly look how pretty
they are they're just beautiful I I can
eat them like this I'm G to stick this
in the oven it's at 3:50 like I said I'm
going to check on it I'm going to check
on the Brussels sprouts like I'm going
to check on the Brussels sprouts uh like
around 15 minutes and then I'm going to
check it constantly what I want to see
is a nice little roast I don't want to
burn them because what I want is the
caramelization of the Brussels sprouts
and we're going I'm going to show you
what that looks like at the end because
some people look at the Brussels sprouts
when they roast when they go it's burnt
it's not burnt it's just caramelized in
other words the sugars from the
vegetables came out and decided to just
dance with us and they taste
delish so now I'm going to wait for my
friend we're going to make liver and
onions well he's going to make liver and
onions and I'm going to ask the
questions so join me and we'll show you
how to make liver and onions
[Music]
[Applause]
so welcome to another episode of simple
steps with me is Robert Young one of uh
actually my BFF for a very long time and
he made some liver and onions for me a
few weeks ago now I haven't had liver
and onions I'd like to say in more than
20 plus years and when he made it it was
really really good I forgot what it
tastes like and I didn't want to hurt
his feeling so I ate it but when I took
a bite um it was really good and I
thought you know what there's a lot of
benit in liver which I'm sure there are
I know there is um it's just one of
those things that either you like it or
you don't um people tend to shy away
from it so instead of me trying to
figure this out and how to show people
how to make liver and onions I figured
let me bring the expert and you and I
can talk about it now i' you told me a
cup and a half a cup and a half of
onions or okay so I did that I sliced
them into rings wonderful and some
garlic powder some fresh garlic salt
we're going to use olive oil as your oil
preference you have some some steak
seasoning mhm you said you wanted some
Arrow root yes and the wine is optional
correct are any of these ingredients
optional yes as you said the wine is
optional um I prefer using fresh garlic
as oppos to garlic powder that's just my
preference and as you know if you've
cooked with fresh garlic very often I
know you have you really have to watch
it in on the stove because if you're not
careful it'll burn real quickly so
that's one of these things fortunately
we're get our our uh dish today is going
to have a lot of uh liquid in it so
we're not going to have to worry too
much about the garlic burning even
though we're going to be you know what
else we need we need some beef stock oh
do we have beef stock we know oh
well okay well we just have to do
without beef stock so hey you know no
problem all right so I'm going to move
some things around I'm going to
encourage do you want wine with to make
it with yes I would like that but it is
optional it is optional okay I'm going
to start moving things over because I
want to talk about the liver yes so as
I'm moving things over um tell
me where do you get your liver and why
well normally I get my liver from a
local market and instead of the the big
supermarkets and the reason being is the
big supermarkets a lot of their meat is
not grown uh without GMOs you know you
get genetically modified cows and
chickens and whatever and it's not
really good for you there's they use
hormones they feed the cows uh corn
instead of letting them graze on grass
which is what you know they were
intended to do Buy Local because it's
grown right here or in the area okay
it's healthier and um I do know that
liver is pretty inexpensive so it
doesn't matter if you go to so it
doesn't matter if you go to a big Market
or a local organic grown Market Meat
Market the price are almost what I think
it's just a dollar difference yeah it's
just it's very cheap I mean no matter
where you go um another thing you want
to look at is there are two kinds of of
beef liver you can buy there's the
regular beef liver and then there's Cals
liver and that really kind of depends on
your own feelings about it and how you
feel about you know V and so on uh cabs
liver you'll find has a milder flavor
and comes out a little more tender of
course the portions are a little smaller
but uh a lot of people prefer Cals
Lipper to beef liver the liver you know
when you bought it it was very red had a
lot of blood I have to admit I was a
little bit like oh okay I'm getting
Wheezy here um and you immediately put
it in cold water or warm water put it in
Cool Water cool or cold water and what
you want to do is you want to rinse it
out first and then put it in a bowl and
you know of cool water and then once
you've rinsed it out um let that sit for
a little bit to let the the rest of that
blood get kind of pulled out into the
water we're going to pour this water out
it's there's something to do with you
know as I've been brought up um L it's
cultural religious or both but the liver
is good he knows how to cook it before I
do that I do want to talk to you a
little bit about the nutritional
benefits oh yeah okay liver is chalk
full of vitamins that are good for you
you've got vitamin A you've got vitamin
B12 12 uh you've got riboflavin nasin
you've got pretty much B12 complex right
here I mean and it is an excess of the
uh Federal uh daily requirements so
imagine some people either take a B12
pill they either take a B12 shot I can
probably have this one once a week and I
think I fulfill what two weeks worth or
30 days wor probably at least a week's
worth yeah definitely so it's really
good for you it's very healthy and very
nutritious uh the only thing you want to
do is make sure you check uh with your
doctor if you have a cholesterol problem
uh you don't want to be eating liver all
the time because even though it's good
cholesterol you're still getting some
cholesterol out of this okay well let's
get started let's rinse that baby up
let's go rinse this
[Music]
out okay and as we can see right now the
uh onions are starting to get a little
bit transparent
which is good we're going to let them
cook just a few more minutes like this
on medium
heat
and soon we will be adding our other
ingredients all right so we've uh let
our onions cook down a little
bit see I I like the way yours cook down
I mean it's just really interesting I
sweat mine and you just said you know
what I'm not going to sweat them I'm
going to just cook them down slowly yeah
I I just prefer to to let a little bit
of medium heat and time do its thing
instead of trying to force the the sweat
to to come early but um that's just my
personality I'm not a you know force
force anything kind of guy so what I'm
going to do now I've got the onions
about where I want them I'm going to add
a cup of beef broth can I do that
absolutely you're my
guess now if you didn't have any beef
broth what what could you use seriously
well if you don't have beef broth you
can use vegetable broth okay um I I
prefer beef broth because what you want
to do is enhance that beefy flavor in
the liver what about Boolean powder
bullion cubes can you use that or no in
a pinch if you must you can I don't
recommend it because for two reasons
beef bullion cubes and powder tends to
be uh very high in sodium uh so how
would you dilute it then uh you would
just add it to let's say a cup of water
or so okay no that's that's good to know
another thing is because bullion does
tend to also have MSG which you know
it's AKA dextr Malto dextrin and about a
dozen other names that uh the food
companies tend to kind of hide the the
fact in so I've uh We've added we've
added our beef broth and what I also
like to add into this
is the wine I want to add a little dash
of wine red wine now this is some row um
but I would say uh I'd add about maybe
a/4 of a cup cup of wine interesting
yeah now you use I often times use red
cooking wine instead and um this is this
is a a really nice this gives it a
little nice flavor to to the whole the
whole thing so I'm going to let this
cook a little bit more till it comes to
a a
boil at least starts bubbling on me you
want to put the yeah let's go put the
cover on it here okay and we'll just let
that go for a little bit and we'll come
back and we're going to add our beef
lier cool I checked the onions uh the
pot's a little bit boiling so what do we
do now I'm going to just take a look at
it and let's see they're still cooking
down it does take a little while to cook
down you just want to make sure that you
keep a good amount of uh liquid in the
pan because otherwise things will start
to burn we definitely don't want that
okay and we of course we want enough
liquid also for the uh liver to be able
to absorb all the flavors in here that's
true and speaking of what we're going to
do now while things are moving along I'm
going to go ahead and add some garlic
and some uh seasoning so I'm going to
take a
approximately tablespoon or so of nice
fresh minced garlic actually it's a
heaping tablespoon is I love garlic okay
some put that in there scratch it
and I'm going to
add some of my seasoning now again when
I when I buy seasoning I'm I'm a label
Checker you definitely want to make sure
you check your labels cuz this one has
coarse salt spices including black
pepper and red pepper uh garlic know
can't have enough garlic sunflower oil
natural flavor and extracts of paprika
so there's no MSG in here there's no
Malto dexra and any of that stuff you
know you're talking about MSG you said
mentioned it earlier and that's you know
and do know that MSG is a flavor
enhancer um and what that means is that
you if it's in your food or in your
seasoning and when you're eating it
tells your body that you want more and
you could be totally full exactly so
sort of like Chinese food uh ice cream
you just want more and more and what
happens is is that you don't know when
to stop and you had that one plate of
food that was going to satisfy you add
MSG into the mix chances are you're
going to eat a lot more than that one
plate of food because it just tastes so
good you want more okay so the the rule
of thumb is read your labels make sure
that there isn't that MSG component in
it and what'll happen is that chances
are you're going to cook with it you're
going to eat what you need and that's it
right okay that's a good rule of thumb
sure so read the labels read the label
always read the labels okay so we're
going to check on our oh that looks good
stuff here yeah the the onions are
almost there this nice this big one
right here it's not quite caramelized
but it's it's getting there the the the
smaller ones are are really starting to
get there you can see they've absorbed
the uh the wine the the red and the wine
has kind of gotten them that reddish
color I feel I feel like everything that
we're doing as far as adding the
different ingredients is really to
prepare the star of the of the meal
which is the liver is and if I can get a
little spoon sure now you have Arrow
root this is Arrow root starch of FL s
and what this is used for is for
thickening and you know you back in the
day when I first started cooking liver
and onions I would add uh flour just
regular white flour which did the job
however I think a lot of your fans know
that um white flour is not really the
best thing for you so the alternative is
arot aot and I love it because it is it
does come from a plant mhm it's
completely natural y there's not not any
junk in it and you can and use it like a
flour exactly so than I'm going to stir
this up so it doesn't get all in so just
give us our our sort of a sauce now you
can also add one other thing you can add
to this if you want is butter you know
or uh ghee you would I have if you want
to try you know if you want to we can
throw a little bit in there that that
will give it a little bit more of a
creamy uh
sauce which I really like creamy sauces
that is that they so good with th this
whole thing about my recipe with liver
and onions is instead of just the fried
stuff that you get at the cafeteria or
that most people normally do because
they just really don't have to cook it
this comes out just so wonderfully the
texture is just it's hard to even
describe it's so wonderful it's not
rubbery like the the standard the
standard
fair so ghee is basically clarified
butter in other words let's take away
all the Jun all the all the different
kind of moisture that's in the butter
and what you really have is the real
thing what go ah and just add a teaspoon
of that in there okay good enough I
think that'll work yeah I lucky this
will just give us okay now if you don't
mind I'm going to give it the pre liver
taste just because I love
onions good taste to garlic
you can taste the wine but of course
there's no there's no alcohol because
the heat has evaporated the AL alcohol
content definitely you can taste the
ghee it's not it's a it's a richer taste
um and I would probably just eat the
onions alone right now can can you taste
any beef in there I can taste the beef
okay good so I like it it's a nice
balance so what I'm going to do now is
I'm going to I'm going to take the liver
and I'm going to start laying it into
the pan on top of the onions
and yes you'll see a little bit you're
still going to see a little bit of
redness in the in the juice here which
is normal I mean the or the the liver is
the organ that processes all of your
blood through your body so yeah it's
going to be some some blood in it now
once you put the liver in how long does
it stay well what I do is I usually time
things on at about 7 minutes so I'm
going to go ahead and put start can we
start a timer for 7 minutes sure and
then we'll come back and look at this
again to see how we're doing I'm going
to flip the liver over and then we'll
we'll cook it for about another 6 or
seven minutes really kind of this is one
of the things you really have to watch
so anyway we'll time it and then we'll
be back in about 7 minutes cool okay
well our 7 minutes is up I'm going to
check the
liver and oh yeah it's coming along
nicely and thank you the fork I'm going
to Now flip them over and you're going
to see that uh you're just going to see
a lot of redness coming from the liver
which is normal that's it is a so I'm
flipping over the the liver it's cooking
nicely right
now it's going really nicely so what I'm
going to do is I'm going to cover it up
again I'm going to reduce the heat down
just a little bit to
simmer and let it simmer for about
another 7 minutes we'll come back and
see how we're doing here we go okay so I
just taken out my Brussel sprouts and I
want to show you that little brown
that's the
caramelization now this is what I love
the little leaves that didn't make it to
the Brussels
sprout like a little chip you take
one pretty good isn't it it's good yep
so that's what I love about brussels
sprouts if you need more seasoning this
is the best time to do it now that
they're
warm for me they're
perfect and again if you have those
leaves that are stray stray to me
they're like a little
chip so if you have kids that don't like
brussle Sprouts or if you're trying to
figure out a way to eat brussel sprouts
because you were traumatized as a kid
roast
them and you will enjoy them if you're
looking to make brussels sprouts chips
all you got to do is just uh take out
the leaves from each Brussels sprout lay
them on a parchment paper 350 season
them and you'll get the same effect hey
no no cheating here you got to wait you
traumatized our brel Sprout as a child
actually I wasn't I just I actually my
first time eating BR Sprouts was
probably when I was in my uh early 30s
wow mhm so this is going to be part of
our meal I'm going to go ahead and get
the quinoa and brown rice ready and
we're getting closer to try the liver
with onions brussel sprouts some
gluten-free garbanzo bean um tortilla
wraps wow and liver meal can't
[Music]
wait okay well our liver is ready to go
so before you get started I wanted to
address one thing that's personal to me
now every time I talk to people about
liver all I hear is oh it smells you'll
know when you make liver cuz it smells
the house I'm in my house we're making
liver in my house and the smell is
minimal let me go ahead and give you my
op opinion why I think number one is
we're using very good natural
ingredients that's number one I think
number two if I were to say why do
people say oh liver smells up the house
I think it's the choice of liver it's
that difference between buying the store
bought versus something that's more
organic more grass-fed because again to
me it makes a big difference and that's
just my personal opinion there may be
some other scientific reason but in my
house I can see smell and it's minimal
so I encourage you guys out there that
if you decide you want to make liver
with onions by organic or by grass-fed
stay away from antibiotics and hormone
animals because really think about it
you're eating what they're eating so and
we can go through this for a long time
and you know it'll always be a debate
but if you do make liver and onions try
a grass-fed liver and I'm going to tell
you you're going to send me an email and
say oh my gosh you're right the smell is
minimal one other thing is the way we
prepared it today too cuz a lot of
people will just throw it in the pan and
fry it and that just releases everything
out and what we've done is we sort of
drowned it we we've given it a bath and
uh beef bullion and wine and you know a
little oil and so on but I think a lot
of it also has to do with the way you
prepare okay so what I'm going to do is
I'm going to bring the plates over we're
going to plate and then we're going to
keep on plating and having a nice so
we'll see how this looks once it's
plated I think you're going to love
rolling
rolling yes
well there you have it liver and onions
which is really good I can't wait to
sink my teeth into this one some
glutenfree tortillas made with garbanzo
beans if you're interested go ahead and
look for the video if not send me an
email and I'll be more than happy to
send it to you and we have some brown
rice SL quinoa as a grain and again mix
them both nobody will know the
difference and they get a nice whole
grain superfood quinoa and roasted
brussels sprouts that can be very um
crunchy at times but also very
nutritious so let's go ahead and try it
all right I'm taking some of these home
by the way not a problem Oh delicious so
I'm cutting through it right now it's
very
soft and I got to tell you it tastes
exactly the same way it taste it the
first time at your home I appreciate
that taste
M what do you think you're the
chef m
are really good really
good the rice in the quinoa is
Fluffy so I like
that and let's try the Brussels
sprouts very nice compliment so if I
wanted to make a little
sandwich I think I would put some
brussel sprouts
together and again in my house we like
wraps I'm going to reach over here sorry
about that M add a little bit of quino
rice and I'm going to go ahead and add
some onions the onions are
great and a little bit of
liver again if you were someone that
doesn't like beef take away the LI take
away the liver caramelize some onions
and you have a nice great meal watch
[Music]
this I don't know about you but nothing
tastes as great as anything in a rra I
think we have a hit I think we
do so being healthy on a budget is very
simple it takes one simple step at a
time for more information or if you want
to get in touch with me contact me on
Facebook if not send me an email Alin
jgarcia gmail.com being healthy doesn't
have to be a project and it definitely
doesn't have to be expensive it only
takes one simple step in the right
direction
[Music]