[Music]
hi guys and welcome back to my kitchen
so about a year ago I filmed a video
which showed you different piping
techniques and the way that I use these
two pipe buttercream on two cupcakes now
this video has had such dilute feedback
and thank you to everyone who has
watched it but I thought I would make a
second video showing for more of my
favorite five negatives so I've got four
more here so I'm going to show you how I
piped these ones onto my cupcakes okay
let's get started okay so before we pipe
the cupcakes I've actually got my
buttercream here which I have colored in
the light blue color and I will put a
link in the description below to a video
where I show you how i made this
buttercream I've got my spatula my
piping bag my piping tips which we're
going to use today and my cupcakes okay
so now I've got the buttercream in there
I'm just gonna push that down until it
reaches the tip I'm gonna turn the end
of the bag just to secure the end so
that it's not going to come out and then
keep that closed with my right hand
there's also the hand that we're going
to use to put the pressure and the left
hand will describe the buttercream round
okay so the first tip that were actually
gonna use is the Wilton 2d now this is a
large drop flower tip so as you can see
all the points come together and it
closes up and this is the tip that you'd
usually use for buttercream roses now
we're going to use it today for creating
swirls on the top of the cupcakes and
we're actually going to use this one for
two different swirls now this world
depends on the speed that you go on me
so the first one that I'm going to show
you is a normal swirl which is quite
straight and you'll know what I mean
when you see the second one so we're
going to go in a circular motion from
one point on the cupcake work our way
round as we meet that point we're then
going to come in slightly and build it
up so bring that round and come into the
center and pull on now that makes such a
pretty swirl you've got a slight
to it
now the second one we're going to do
exactly the same motion but what we
really gonna do is do it really slowly
now you want to put the pressure on the
end of the piping bag and as we go just
hold it there
squeeze the pressure and just go really
slowly around so you're getting a lot
more buttercream out bring it round on
that second swirl around and run around
and then pull up so you actually get
this really pretty ruffle effect now if
you have a look at the cupcakes together
now this was form exactly the same tip
but just by going a lot slower you get a
lot more ruffles
okay so the next parking tip I'm
actually gonna use is this one which is
called the 195 K and this is a medium
closed star tip now as you can see it's
got a lot of teeth as you go around but
they're slightly bent in okay so for
this piping tip what we're gonna do is
the same circular motion as before but
because of how many teeth this one
actually has it's going to create a
really pretty swirl which has so many
different sides and just creates a
different kind of feel to the first ones
so to squeeze that out working our way
around and pull up so there we go and as
you can see it's just a different kind
of swirl so it adds a different feel and
you get this effect lots of different
sides and just a lot of texture to this
one
okay so the last proper tip that we're
going to use is the Wilton 6b now this
is an open star tip and it's also known
as a French tip now with this tip I'm
going to show you instead of doing a
swirl this one is going to be kind of a
dough on the cupcake so we're going to
start with the piping bag directly above
the center about half a centimeter to a
centimeter above the cupcake and you're
just going to apply pressure to the end
of the bag which is gonna push the
buttercream out and spread it into your
dome shape now when it's created the
kind of the dome style that you like
stop pushing the buttercream before you
lift up so we're going to place it there
just squeeze that out and when it's at
the desired side stop and then just pull
that off and then you get this really
kind of pretty ruffle dome on top of
your cupcake
okay so there we have our four different
cupcakes so using three different piping
tips we've been able to create four very
different styles for piping your
buttercream onto your cupcakes I really
hope you enjoyed this video and if you
did them please give it a like and if
you'd like to see more of my video
tutorials and please go subscribe
[Music]