hi guys this is my first homebrew
Wednesday video and I got the idea of
the video from around blind because he
himself to the homebrew Wednesday where
he makes bears and wine so for I'd give
it a go so today I'm going to be using
that this surplice melon which I bought
about week ago and I'm how it didn't end
up eat in it so I'm going to use it to
make a wine and also there's enough
fruit in it so I'm going to add in some
with my strawberries which are from the
allotment which has been in the freezer
or win there and the need to get used up
ready for this year's harvest do is cut
up my watermelon and why I want to do is
let's get all the red part and leave the
skin off so the red is where all the
sugar is the juices okay so I'm just
gonna get a knife
I've seen the tech less important
rubbish it better the watermelon as it's
going into the bucket because it just
wants not roughly how much fill in with
turns out nice caramel for next time
[Applause]
the main point for our words are
watermelon and now I'm just going to get
paralyzed
mouth full and just smash it all that so
I put in my sterilized international to
move it around a little bit anything to
the line make sure you have the clean as
well and your arms I'm now just going to
wash it all out perhaps we might have a
bit more it'd be easier to much I didn't
want to press it up on the surface
because you use too much you can seduce
upon each other
but you don't mind doing like ones it's
in the book here so you can see how do
you see it is and I'm just going to keep
mushing until it's literally like a
smoothie a whole watermelon
and that's all matched up I want to add
missionaries and these are basically all
the store without McQueen they're quite
always Karachi dynamic that these are
semi-frozen at the moment and they've
still got their leaves on which I'm
struggling support because of clues and
being frozen like a lovely you this
little one sir a bit more frozen or a
bit harder to do so I'm going to put
them in the bucket as they are I'm not
going to cut them that leader because
they've been frozen the defrosting
process once the hot war goes on then
but I'll allow the glue to break down so
they won't really need to be corrected
just mush then once these warm up and
across all right sweet pounds worth of
strawberry here at this bucket now so
that's all of your watermelon juices and
all of your strawberries and what I'm
going to do next is I'm just going to
add on to it
two pints of hot water it tries to say
this for the secant method when it comes
to making wine because I feel like to
boil the through or cook the fruit
because I don't end it was a jammed
tight packet in Hayes and oh sure we
don't tend to have the pectin in it and
but it's just a method I use for all my
other wines and they seem to have worked
so far
I just try and carry on with that method
pretty much all the fruit that ideas
anyway the only one I've ever cooked
with the past net because it was so hard
it had to be softened before it was
fermented so I've got in here two pints
of hot water just boiled
well Paula over my screw it I'm mad
about the fruit to dissolve inside of
the bucket and the defrost and the sugar
to start dissolving in the water are
another two pints at sorry two liters of
boiling water and then I'll believe us
to open up at five liters water so 5v is
is about one gallon so this will make
our warm down and with a line see I'm
just going to add sugar
I'm just ordinary white sugar and I'm
going to add a box when it stops one
kilo put its let me there just a bit
more than two pounds remember my
paralyzed spirit this is the plastic one
time excuse now hold and you can no
longer feel like it at the bottom of the
kabocha anymore with our mask is we need
to add in the patsak end line we need to
add in some citric acid I'll need to add
in one crushed Comden tablet the carbons
haplit will kill any not to you that
might be in that or any bacteria that
might is came in on the through
hopefully missing on any of the
equipment because we did sterilize it
but through might have some like natural
growing and you stole it
especially the strawberries and because
we collect them from the garden so they
wouldn't have been chemically cleaned or
anything like that in any way so I'm
going to just add that into the mix now
the peck seek ensign what that does is
it stops any pet decay
you might get from the fruit and citric
acid obviously will give it an bit more
acid because they're not very acidic
through the either of these so I'll just
do that now and this is sort of and I
would say body temperature now I'm quite
room temperature so it's sort of this is
a sort of empty all I did is there Jones
comes in public and it's not very
expensive it's a $1.99 for 50 of them so
it will be quite a lot of practice of
why this stuff is really strong when you
first open it so like don't don't read
it in I've made that mistake before and
what you need to do is use need to take
one into your spoon so just once I've
got a whole is part on this and then you
pull across it between you two foods
hopefully lick will keep essence per
hour and profits will go in up so you
are a just I'm slightly mix and then we
assume that we use and pull the scrim in
love and the next we need to add in the
citric acid again this citric acid you
could get in and he'll rue shot you can
get it in my kitchen type shop think
they sell it in will concerns they sell
it in the range and you can get it in a
pharmacy supplies I've got some pharmacy
answer that I'm only going to add a half
a teaspoon that's two quarters a
teaspoon you can actually use a fresh
lemon or Leonard and that for the same
change I just don't have any today and
then after that I'm going to add in
their pestle a switch is a peptic enzyme
pack soulmates is basically and it
prevents the hepatic enzymes with time
they will go anyway but this will just
make it easier and quicker for clearing
this step on it should use whatever P
spoon per gallon so either one the
recipe is a really cool friend I almost
always do this coke you know make sure
that what you want to do and then I saw
that quite cheap is only want on my
teens is really worth getting and pump
is called steam up which is here in
North Wales which I'm very good homebrew
equipment so just consider that in now
need to do now is it's a regional most
hydrometer I hardly know how to use
these things but I paid two regions out
anyway someone one day I'll probably
have to use one so you can't do this
region you can't be this region in a
trial job but I'm just going to put it
right in the bucket so what I need to do
is adjust it's been cleaned and
sterilized and rinse off and turns off
it disappeared now that all my sugars
dissolved
[Applause]
Skinner quick sit on a spinet hold on
let me
[Applause]
what we do on day one when we start
making the wine
we can't pitch the yeast today because
we have to wait for the Camden tablet to
do what it needs to do and it will
usually do that so like the first 24
hours and then after that we can pitch
the yeast and the yeast nutrient and so
for now obviously this to come to room
temperature because the use of steel
works better at room temperature as well
and so yeah that's the end of this part
of the video really and then I just give
you a quick look so you can see what it
looks like if the mixture is a Yukon
pass for a few minutes and then we'll
stir it in and leave it in a warm place
for five days stirring it every day if
possible with a sterilized spoon to add
oxygen to the e to help it work better
on day seven of the winemaking and this
is a watermelon strawberry wine as you
can see it's also meant it down and
fruit with all silks to the bottom let's
just the seeds floating on the top and
today what we're going to do is pull
this zoom here which is a movement then
twist it through the funnel into the
cell lines demijohn and this will be the
secondary fermentation vessel so we lift
one you don't want to fill it too high
you only have a little bit of a gap just
in case it bubble back so the easiest
way to do it just lift the bucket
I'm just pour it through flowing and I'm
just going through it'll aerate it a
little bit which isn't a problem at this
stage because you want to try and get as
much of that carbon dioxide out with it
if you can
I'm almost at the top
that's about the time I like to tell it
oh you go too high it's probably bit too
high you do have to be careful okay
sisters bubbeleh is still so many folks
it is a bit too high so useful sit up
sit up crease in the neck and then what
you do then is you get your sterilized
spoon and airlock service and sanitizing
solution means we'll put that in the top
nice and tight and then we'll leave this
well for about then about 18 degrees is
possible and don't let any oxygen X
there so don't be tempted to open it
leave it like this oxygen at this point
is fast to the line and then what will
happen is that will slowly begin to
clear and then they'll be a bit of
sediment at the bottom and then we'll
rack it again and we'll keep rocking it
for up to another video as you can see
from this one here this has just come up
with secondary sermon a cement and
vessel and it was in that for about six
week unless you diffuse is really clear
enough now and this is a Clementine
white and when it we thought that it was
literally the color of pop like a clown
juice was made on such fun times but now
it's hard to clear so that takes about
six weeks to get to this little clarity
and then again you just keep working it
until there is closed you can get them
and then love your vendor to drink