greetings this is freddy ralph and i
hadn't done a video for temple crafts in
a long time so i thought this morning
i'd go ahead and do one i've been doing
a few experiments here at temple of the
infinite universe with burning incense
and of course when you're burning
incense and buy incense I mean resin
incense you know a frankincense myrrh
copal you know your your basic tree
resins that have been used for millennia
for traditional incense and of course
the way that we traditionally burn resin
in cents is that you have a heart hot
charcoal this is a hot coal basically
one of these little dudes here and these
cost 25 cents
they're self igniting and you just touch
them with a lighter and wait for about
20 minutes until the charcoal looks
about like that and then what you do is
you take a scoop of resin incense like
that this is a special mix that we make
and put it on your charcoal and then you
start getting your incense smoke and
that's the way we've always burned our
resin incense and I mean it's got gives
a good fragrance and all that but one
downside which you can see already is
that it puts out a lot of smoke and if
you're burning incense in a small room
you know that can become a problem and
of course that can be addressed by
breaking the charcoal in half or using a
smaller charcoal tablet to burn the
incense on but if you're burning incense
or you want the smell of incense without
the smoke there's another way you can do
it and this is something that I found
out just by kind of playing around on
YouTube and
searching the internet but here we have
a basic aromatherapy oil warmer and what
I found you could do is instead of water
yo in this this tray up here you put in
just a little bit of basic vegetable oil
and you can use whatever kind you like
olive oil gives off a nice fragrance all
by itself but if you want to just smell
the smell of resin incense without the
oil then you can find a more neutral oil
- like what I have in here right now is
wesen pure vegetable oil you can also
use sunflower seed oil that has a very
mild fragrance of its own and what you
do is you just take your same little
scoop of resin incense and put it in
there with the hot oil and what I found
and this really amazed me is that with
the incense burner over here we've got
one scoop of Resident sense which is
already pretty much burned out I mean
it's still it's still smoking it's still
burning but already I can notice that
we're getting more of the smell of smoke
rather than the smell of incense when
you're warming your resin incense in an
oil warmer like this that same scoop of
resin incense will be releasing its
fragrance for I've had it going for up
to three days without noticing a
diminish in the amount of fragrance
that's being released so here with the
your charcoal burner the traditional way
that we've always used up till now one
scoop event incense you know gives you a
fragrance for about 20 minutes and then
if you really overdo it you can get a
room full of smoke that lasts or if you
out
and if you're conducting a ritual and
you need the smoke as a part of the
ritual
this method is perfectly good that's the
method you want if however you just want
the aromatherapy benefits of having the
smell of the incense without the smoke
then your oil warmer method here is
really superior from my point of view
and the way these things work of course
you can see there's a little candle in
the center and this is another form of
oil warmer that you can use again you
just put a little bit of vegetable oil
in the cup at the top and then I've
already got some resin incense here that
I've had in this batch has been in there
for about four days and it still smells
great and all you do is you take your
little tea light candle cost about 10
cents each and then you put it in your
warmer like so let it go and within a
few minutes you know you'll notice the
smell of the resin incense the fragrance
you know coming off of that that oil oil
warmer and again you know this this is
one way
I mean resin incense is a valuable
natural resource and some of these resin
in senses are getting hard to find
because they're being over harvested in
nature so if you're concerned about the
environment you still like to use resin
incense but you don't want to kind of
burn it up real quick here's a way you
can enjoy the fragrance of resin incense
the the the resin of your choice and
have it last one scoop last being like
three four days I don't know
I'm going to see if I can go a week on
one of these burners and see how how
long that fragrance really lasts but
have that same fragrance lasting four
days rather than just four minutes so
that's just one idea a way you can burn
resin in sense without charcoal and
without much of a mess now one caution
is that in these burners I'm afraid to
try to use them without some liquid in
the cup I've seen some people that will
take a burner like this and without any
oil in the top and put a candle
underneath and then put their dry
incense in the top and will burn it like
that
my concern is without the oil or some
sort of fluid in the top my concern is
that you might build up too much heat
that it might crack the the burner
itself so I in my experiments thus far
I've always used a fluid in there I
tried putting water water for some
reason didn't seem to work quite as well
as the oil you know just the fragrance
wasn't quite as strong but with the
vegetable oil I am very happy with the
fragrance that we're getting now one
other side note before I end this video
I think you've noticed my little incense
holding cup here this is something that
we made just out of spare parts the base
here is made out of the lid that you
find on jar candles see jar candles like
this you've got some that have a flat
lid rather than a round lid well a domed
lid and on these things works perfectly
well you have a ready-made cup and then
you take like the top of a mason jar and
for decoration
oops I dropped it you can take the lid
and put it on the top there to seal it
and it's a perfect fit
surprisingly and then take your little
ring around it and put it on top and it
makes kind of a semi fancy looking
holder for your incense that you make
literally out of scrap because normally
when we're done burning a jar candle
normally I just throw all this stuff
away but if you're into recycling
concerned about the environment things
like that keeping stuff out of the
landfill you can make a lot of things
out of these little cups and what I like
with the flat cup too is that you can
put incense in one and then you can
stack them so if you burn a variety of
resin in senses like your frankincense
myrrh
copal you can keep them separate
separate and have a little dish for each
of them and they stack one on top of the
other so another little idea for using
your scraps and doing it in kind of a
nice-looking way so here we are
incense over here has already burned out
we're not even getting smoke off of it
now and we're not even twenty minutes
into the video yet and by comparison the
resin in the middle intz of oil warmer
still I am noticing a very nice smell
and the one that I just put on I can't
really tell the difference but I trust
that it also is letting off a very nice
fragrance as well
so just one idea that you can use for
burning resin in sense without charcoal
and actually without even burning it
you're not really burning it you're just
warming it and just get that resin
incense fragrance that lasts for days
instead of just a few minutes so that's
all the ideas I have for now this is
Freddie Ralph with temple of the
infinite universe signing off
wishing you a blessed day of spiritual
discovery and crafting thank you