hello everybody in today's video I
decided to share with you a DIY project
how I prepare my own mostly how I mix
the ingredients that I want and prepare
herb
mostly with for breakfast this is a
great tip for people that are very busy
and they don't have time in the morning
to mix all the ingredients in that
morning you can repair this before and
have a big bag guys have now ready and
each morning just take out as much as
you need and for water or any type of
milk that you want over it and it is
straight away by the way this bag that I
prepare here will go to my brother and
my sister-in-law hope they will enjoy it
and if you want to see how please keep
on watching for my Muslim base I will
use plain and simple muesli they contain
wheat flakes oats right flakes jumbo oat
and barley flakes so first I will try to
mix all the ingredients in this big bag
I will other planes a simple mostly
first next I will add coconut chips raw
coconut chips
next I will add some chopped dates
the next injury end up
ingredient that I will add in will be
organic shielded hemp seeds
Thanks ingredient will be goji berries
next ingredient will be organic all nuts
I added inside only things that I know
for sure that they are natural and
organic no preservative and no other
type of chemicals now all I need is to
mix very well everything and basically
that mean I have my must live already
firm my breakfast