[Music]
hey guys welcome back to my channel
today I'm making an ice cream cake which
is very easy and fun to make so let's
get started with this I'll be using a 6
inch round cake sponge you can find the
sponge recipe on my website and YouTube
channel
I'll also be using an ice cream you can
use any flavor of your choice or you can
make it at home I'm using a store-bought
I'll also be using a chocolate ganache
again the recipients on the website and
the channel I'll also be using some
sprinkles and a wave football and I will
be assembling this cake in a 6 inch
round cake pan so let's get started I've
covered the cake pan with plastic wrap
and I've kept hanging some of the part
of the plastic wrap outside of the pans
so that it's easier to pull it back when
it's frozen then I've put a 1 inch layer
of the cake at the bottom and then
filled the rest of the pan with the ice
cream now I made sure that the ice cream
is are kept in the room temperature for
about 1 hour so that it's easier to use
[Music]
once you filled it to the top now push
the ice cream down so that it's
completely said
[Music]
[Music]
and then level the top and then cover
this with me hanging plastic wrap
[Music]
this will go in the fridge for about
three to four hours or overnight so that
it's completely chilled when we start
decorating it now is the time to make
ganache and you can find the recipe on
my website on the YouTube channel then
I've crumbled the leftover cake and then
added two to three tablespoons of
ganache and then formed it in a shape of
ball
[Music]
and apply the small amount of ganache to
the cake foot so it's easier to attach
now when the cake is completely chilled
when you take it out of the fridge take
off the plastic wrap from the trough and
it will slowly push it up from all the
sides and take it out
[Music]
now place the cake on the cake board
[Music]
and then level of the top and the sides
using a spatula
[Music]
for all the written recipes please go to
my website and you can find the link in
the description box below
[Music]
now place the cake bowl on the top of
the cake and then drizzle chocolate
ganache
[Music]
they said with a spatula does any need
[Music]
and then sprinkle something betty's and
top it with a wafer cool now since this
is an ice cream cake it is going to melt
very quickly so clean it off and then
put it back in the fridge for about two
to three hours again and then you're
ready to serve it I hope you like this
video if you do please give it a thumbs
up comment below for you wanna see next
for me on my Instagram pic here for my
last video and here for a random video
subscribe to my channel have a lovely
day and like always thanks for watching
[Music]