g'day guys welcome back to cakes by
chopper today we have a fairy cake for
you this is a marbled fondant winged
fairy cake I started with a double layer
sponge and I put a third layer on top
that I'm going to tape it down from the
top of the wings to the bottom you don't
have to do this I just think it looks
more effective because the doll sits up
on an angle and it's gonna look a lot
more effective to the person who has the
cake because it's raised and they can
see more of it now I use some parchment
paper to draw out half the wing shape
from the doll and then you fold it in
half and using the scissors to cut it
out and that gives you a symmetrical
shape for your cake and then you can
start sculpting be sure to keep your
knife at an upright angle all the way
around cause you don't want the wings to
taper off a good tip here for when
you're carving the cake is to stick it
in the freezer just before hand like
half an hour and it'll make cake less
crumbly whilst you're carving now
cutting out a dip in the center for the
doll to sit in I made sure she was wide
enough to sit halfway down because you
gotta allow for the fondant once that's
done you can start filling your cake
with buttercream
I used a pink buttercream with some jam
or jelly to the Americans and just
blended it through to give it a nice
strawberry flavor fill it every layer
and then give it a dirty eyesore a crumb
coat this is so it provides a little
layer under the fondant and helps it
stick to the cake
once you've got that covered and you
don't have to be too careful with it you
can just slap it on and just making sure
the cakes entirely covered and then pop
it in the fridge to set a little before
you apply your fondant speaking of the
fondant I pre colored mine before the
video you can choose any colors you like
I went further Purple's blues and Pink's
and then I put them out in front of me
and you can see I'm just ripping them
into pieces and little logs and shapes
making them into a symmetrical pattern
this is how I got the tiled marble
fondant and it's aced it stays loosely
in the pattern you put it in so the
design you want will be what you apply
here you'll see when I roll it out it
sort of spreads me it's good to work on
both sides because I was using a wax
proof paper which is not exactly what I
wanted and the fondant stuck to it so be
sure to use grease proof paper or cover
your surface in icing sugar or powdered
sugar so you don't have any sticking
because you really don't get another
chance at this also when you apply this
fondant to your cake I've used that
white line down the center to give me a
guide where I need to lay it in the
middle of the wings so you get the
symmetrical pattern unfortunately with
the problem I had of it sticking I was a
bit off-center so it just made it sort
of skew it but you can see how it was
symmetrical then you're just going to
push the fondant into the cake around
all the edges and cut off the excess and
then you're going to grab your doll
figurine I just wrap some fondant around
the body and then use the leaf
impression tool to mark out where I want
some leaves and then I used a toothpick
to mark out finer details and give it a
little bit more of a loopy look to make
the wings a little bit more whimsical I
used an edible metallic food paint this
is completely edible however it goes on
sort of like nail polish it's quick to
dry and not really much room for
mistakes so be confident with your lines
you can
a pattern if you like and it's quite
messy if you get it on your hands these
are available from most cake stores and
I just purchased mine from online just
have a look around
they're quite inexpensive then you want
to line your cake with some more
strawberry buttercream and there you
have your fairy princess cake once again
thanks for watching guys I really
appreciate it in the meantime you can
check out my adora the Explorer gizmo or
Raphael from the Ninja Turtles see you
next Friday