we're in a crown molding
project um I decided to make a little
video about this one and teach as much
as I I mean I can teach about it which
is sometimes a little hard because it
the man's practice but there are some
principles that you need to understand
crown molding is the molding that
goes uh against the wall and the ceiling
at the same time it's called the crown
molding now crown molding to make it
look fairly nice you have to find follow
some sort of techniques that through the
time you know some people have been
perfectioning with different tools and
there are different methods of actually
doing I'm going to teach you one of them
which is um with straight cuts you know
some some people will do something that
is called cing which are you know cuts
that then are followed with a contouring
saw which is called coping so I'm not
going to do that one you can do that one
as well it's not a problem sometimes
it's used when you when you have some
natural finish or in other words you
don't want to paint your your your
molding your crown molding now here are
some um Basics the first one is that um
no matter what type of crown mold you're
going to put you have to determine what
is the height of the crown molding
against the ceiling and and and I'm
going to tell you why if you notice if I
press the molding this is the bottom
part if I press the molding it's going
to determine what is the height so I
mean you can do either two things you
can actually get a um like in this case
you can make a little line in the bottom
so you make a little line I'm going to
paint this wall so worry about it so you
put this molding over here all
right then you put um square right on
top of it then you
mark more line now that line is the line
that is going to be from the ceiling to
the bottom and if I'm not mistaken right
now we have uhuh 2 in and 3/16 of an
inch so first thing you got to do is go
around the perimeter of your walls the
on that you want to do the rooms or
whatever and start marking 2 in and
3/16 2 and 316 little lines through the
perimeter that you want to Mark now that
will give you the idea that you need to
go always maintain yourself around that
height and sometimes what happens is
that when people don't do that they
start working and then they start
twisting it when they get to the corners
and stuff and then they'll start having
FR struction because you know the the
the moldings are not kind of lining up
or whatever there twisted or whatever
there sometimes that you have long
sections like like what happens here so
always you know now you know that you
can Mark around and that is your your
first basic thing the other thing is
that you have to remember remember that
although there are plenty of machines to
cut and I have some good you know modern
tools there are some stuff you need to
remember when you're cutting This thing
always turn it around so if you know
that you're going to have a little angle
over here just turn it around when you
cut it you're going to cut it this way
always thinking that this one is going
to be exposed it's in a 45° angle and a
90° uh corner right when you have other
Corners like this one 45 you need to cut
in 22 and2 why why because the two
joints 22 and 22 will make you know 22
and 1/2 and 22 and 1/2 will make 45 and
I I'll take you in a moment to to the
machine so so those are the principle
that you need to maintain always this CR
molding will never go like that it will
look ugly you know nasty something it
always has to you know go like that you
know always determine yeah I I found
some people that actually put it like
that but that's kind of Slappy I mean it
looks really bad it's hard to work with
anyway this one is meant to go that way
you can actually check sometimes when
you buy at at the store how high is this
thing you know you can see a little
specifications that are there a little
you know little schematic and tell you
how high it is so you keep remember you
know remember that measurement and take
it back home so I'm going to show you in
a moment how how you can
cut so here we have an inner corner and
we have a long piece of crown molding
that went all the way to the corner over
there so it's like about 14 ft I got
this 16 ft long pieces and it saves you
a lot of cuts so when you get over here
I want to I want to show you you see
little lines that are over there those
lines are the ones Mark at two uh and
316 um if you notice I mean we we're
going to we're going to you know just
tie it up a little bit more with a
little shim over here but that's that's
that's where it goes I mean not all the
corners are going to be fine because
remember there is plaster and drywall
compound and all the stuff but that's
pretty much what happens so as as you as
you go along you're going to find other
pieces and that that I mean you know
that are really long and I recommend you
always to to kind of fasten it up but
not not not all the way to the corners
because sometimes the corners are a
little tricky to work with so you want
to have them if you notice you know like
I already put some some cocking over
there but I didn't I didn't finish it up
all the way to the corner so I can just
kind of play around a little bit with
the with the mold and bring it up and
down until I get that that angle that
that that you know close that Gap as
much as possible so you don't have this
big you know coing lines or whatever so
that's pretty much the principle of how
you do it okay here's the mitera this is
the or the campound so this this machine
is I mean it's pretty pretty um um I
will say Advanced you know pretty modern
meaning that it has so many angles I
mean it's electronic you can actually
check at the angle over this lay
lighting lasers whatever but I'm not
going to go through that stuff I'm going
to go to to to what we're doing right
now so what happens is that once you
know that let's say you have 2 in and
3/16 of an inch two and 3/16 of an inch
um you you take it back to to upside
down you take it back to your to your to
your miter so whatever small big
whatever and then you just you know
Mark and place it you know trace a
little line
and you know that always whenever you're
going to cut this molding upside down
always you're going to have the line
you're going to be respecting the line
not too close or too high because that
will change the angle that you're going
to put on the ceiling if you don't have
that line over there you don't cut in
the line forget I mean you're going to
be twisting this this moldings left and
right and you'll be frustrated so um
when you're going to cut it again if you
don't have like to truly square or you
have like angle walls or whatever you
either have you know a 31.5 or 22 and A2
meaning that they're you know like half
angles and and all the things so um I I
I made a little some little cuts to tell
you to show you how how this works if
you have an outer corner you know what
you got to do if you notice you have a
nice 45° angle they always going to meet
together this way on the ceiling so it's
going to be like a hollow little section