that's me
[Music]
hello hello hello and welcome to this my
latest project which I am calling a
river yes it's been a while since my
last video because it's been freaking
cold out in my shed which means that
it's not so enjoyable to work and the
glue doesn't dry very quickly either
bird anyway on with it
as usual I'm starting with polystyrene
board I've got extruded which is the
blue stuff here and expanded and which
is cheaper who comes into thick a bit I
usually use gorilla glue and this
occasion I used Mod Podge I don't know
why I just fancied it I guess I think
I'm really starting to become a little
bit harder to press out the tube at the
moment anyway once I've cut my basic
river shape with a hotwife own factory
sculpting taller you sculpt a mold to go
over the entire base of the model to
building up the landform and I apply it
fairly thickly as in the consistency is
quite thick not very runny or sloppy so
it dries quickly you've got I'd know
probably about 20 minutes before this
starts really going off
the wetter you make it the longer it
takes and when it's really wet it will
take your entire lifetime possibly to
dry but it's very good stuff for
building up landforms usually I use a
bit of masking tape over paper
underneath there as well but I didn't on
this one I think I'm here forgotten
anyone going over the riverbed there
with some straight plaster of Paris that
just smooths the river base out also
thickens up lick because I'm going to be
adding some epoxy over that and I didn't
want it to be too hot and melt the foam
I wouldn't cynics Rock molds as usual
with the same plaster of Paris in them
doesn't matter if they break when they
come out doesn't matter if they're not
perfect because you're gonna be snapping
them anyway making up this jigsaw along
the riverbanks they're just trial and
error really and I stick them on with
more sculpt mould which is the easiest
way to do it you could use plaster as
well Oscar peresyp I've kind of a thick
mix of that I have done that in the past
when this occasion I used sculpt mode
because I wanted to go over the tops of
it anyway and kind of blend them into
the bank so there was no point in not
using the sculpt a lot and I went over
the hill to make sure that it was a
smooth kind of gradient rather than I
kind of lumpy look um you see on bad
terrain where it's clearly just two
pieces of things
Vallejo European thick mud which is an
acrylic with kind of bits of twig and
all sorts of things in it when it goes
off it looks like thick mud from Europe
believe it's very good stuff but I used
it this time as the undercoat and then I
applied soil and ground over the top of
that what is a bit more structure I
guess a bit more kind of thick muddy
surface they know if it really showed in
the final thing blows experiment you
know I steal all of the grout and soil
in with them isopropyl alcohol followed
by sealing glue and then some acrylic
paint washes for the rocks and these are
my usual raw umber burnt sienna behind
Sun bar same unusual and I've forgotten
what they are and then a black over wash
after the first two or three layers have
dried and then I start painting the
river base and I've just made up a bluey
kind of colour here mixing a bit of dark
blue and a bit of kind of forest green
and then I'm just highlighting edges
with it a few lighter colors they're
really kind of making it turquoisey the
really kind of colour to symbolize a
symbolise no kind of offer the
impression of depth in that's alright
often and I just kept going with
Angelo's happy basically with the color
of the river now it's time for a static
grass which is one of my favorite bees I
use knock static grass on a pico micro
applicator for this and I cover up the
river which had dried by that point
modpodge met I use for the basing boom I
use it straight from the pot and I apply
it kind of randomly so it creates kind
of semi Tufts so it's not basically a
carp itself of grass which would look
terribly uneven so I'm just using the
wild grass six millimeter stuff from the
NOC here give it a shake collect up all
the nice static grass for use later and
then I go over the edges of the static
grass blending them in with a bit of two
millimeter pico static grass nothing
this it is a autumn mix which is a bit
darker in it then it makes a little bit
kind of like shadows a bit about a bit
of deviseth grass again and now gauge
master twelve millimeter grass mats um I
could use twelve millimeter static grass
but this stands out better because they
use very powerful machines to make these
mats I wish I had done this before I'd
applied the six mil cuz then it would
have blended in easier as it happens I
cut up bits of it stuck it on and then I
had to go over the edge with a bit of
spray adhesive there and then four
millimeter static grass just to kind of
blend it in so that the edges didn't
rough a woodland scene it's fine turf
which is wonderful stuff that again
blends in the edges and then some coarse
turf by wooden ceilings which are used
for the bushes shrub and scrub etc and
then I seal that all in again the spray
of isopropyl alcohol and then scénic
glue the same glue is three pots matte
medium one part water and hewed drops of
wing side now I'm using weathering
powders to create kind of a mossy look
on the rocks these are very strong so
you want to go easy on them you know
here's a touch of a small touch I
started adding a bit more thickly
scénic fibers by deluxe
these are I'm using to build a body on
this little bit of we're here these
Rapids and I attach them with mud gloss
and they look quite nice as the hell ha
they're actually they give a good sense
of flow most of them will be cover up
and the idea really was I mean I don't
know really why I put them on the river
there I think I had the idea that they
would show a bit more through the resin
and I was made just making it damn
masking tape and
would click and now I'm using some epoxy
two-part epoxy this is where CFS which
is in the UK that's a nice monkey shot
down one and this is two equal parts
which you mix together for a few minutes
actually got a few more bubbles and I'd
like in this absolute as much harder to
burst them but yeah once this I apply
the tint which is a critic inks I use a
very small amount and goes a very long
way it's such a blue a touch of black
that actually gives it kind of a slate
gray tint it looks very thick but as you
see it goes on in it's much more
transparent not transparent enough so it
really shows the fibers so I was
experimenting with these fibers seeing
how they do and actually I've the my
main thought was that a dead body and as
I kept building it up I thought right
you know they will show through more and
more as they tend to get lighter and you
know I had a kind of a frosty look under
the surface so I'm adding more cynical
fibers there it's basically very
straight poly fiber I think anyway I'm
adding some more epoxy there and that is
just been teased with a touch of blue
and a touch of green you see all these
bubbles in there which them they do most
of them do pop but you just breathe over
them in the big pop as well as the
carbon dioxide in your breath you could
use a flame I'll probably use a flame
next time or a vibrating table or
whatever
yet more fibers because I'm just
building it up and building it up and so
clean edges they're just as giving that
sense of the water rushing under the
under the surface under like the
undercurrent and then the final there of
Esme breathing over there to get rid of
the bubbles final layer of resin Mod
Podge gloss which is the kind of gusu
product for making ripples and I applied
it quite thickly near the
we're there and I use an air can't
bladder and and create realistic ripples
that doesn't really show that shot but
it creates very realistic ripples and
there we can see what it actually looked
like after the Mod Podge had dried and
this was one of my most popular posts on
Instagram and I was very happy with the
way that actually turned out and you can
see there the effect the fibers have had
under that like that's layers of resin
that top layers and I go over those and
highlight them to make it look like the
rushing water this is just some white
acrylic and a very fine brush and just
been very careful with it haven't put
sand down the edges there to see you
notice it looks like it's rushing along
the banks take off the masking tape this
Leslie proved a bit tougher than usual
models and because I had so many layers
and they'd seep tore through now I'm
making some trees I'm using hanging
basket liner think this is made from
coconut bark anyway
shout out to Luke Talan who whose video
I I saw on this and I thought wow that
looks very very interesting so go check
out his channel that most of you
probably have already because he's like
well famous in there in the modeling
YouTube world and he I use just the
skewers as the
the trunks because that was the scale of
my piece and he cussed him up building
bits of fiber into squares and then
tease them out make them until they're
just basically happy with what you've
got
and trim it and trim it and you can see
there I have got a few hundred thousand
trees on one 2015 I've not only is you
count them
well anyway give him a spray with brown
paint and then some spray adhesive over
that quite a big thick layers there and
in cement wood Lila ceilings course turf
then some dole coat this is my plastic
coat it's basically a matte varnish that
goes over that I've just finished off
with a bit of woodland Scenic's burnt
grass fine turf Mod Podge matte in the
hole and where she just drilled with a
little pin vise stick the trees in
wherever you feel like it I mean you
could spend ages doing it but I'm not
sure trees take ages thinking about
where they're gonna grow of it they
spend a G's grain but I'm not sure they
think too carefully about where they
going to be and then finally some
ground-up dried leaves from the garden
just to hide the base of the trunks so
that's it thank you very much for
watching again I really appreciate all
the comments I've been getting all the
support all the constructive feedback
I'm on Instagram as well so - check me
out there at i/o workshop don't forget
to subscribe thank you ever so much
again cheers now
[Music]