hello so in this treat we're going to be
showing you how to line a sleeveless
dress we've started making the dress you
can see that we've got the lining and
the main fabric and they've just been
joined at the shoulders on our lining I
have attached a back loop because that's
how we're going to close this sleeveless
dress so what we do now is we lie our
main fabric on top of our lining fabric
and we're going to pin them together
around the neck hole we then go to our
sewing machine and sew this neck seam
okay so now we've sewn the next scene
and I have flipped the curves so we're
all ready to turn it out okay so we've
turned it out the right way we can see
the lining on the inside and the main
fabric on the outside and we're going to
iron it flat okay so we've enlisted some
help here with this one what we're going
to do if you can see we've got the
garment lying out in front of us we have
got the main on the top and the lining
underneath and the garment has been
joined only at the next scene which we
have toned out and iron flat now what
we're going to do is we're going to take
the main fabric on the right hand side
we're going to take it across the
garment you're going to keep going
underneath the garment what we're going
to end up with is we're going to end up
with the right mane and the right lining
right sides together so we'll go and
we'll do that again so you can see what
we've done and pretty much the entire
garment is joined up in the middle all
we've done is we've taken the right mane
we've taken it they started out wrong
sides together and what we've done is
we've joined the right hand corner right
sides together so rather than the wrong
sides together as they begin we're going
to put them right sides together so if
you can do that again for me across the
guy
fully underneath the garment and we're
going to join those two corners back
together there what we do at this point
is we're going to pin along there
because this is where now we're going to
in the next step so the armhole seam the
key here is to make sure that you push
the garment towards the center so you're
not going to sew over it as you saw that
underarm seam so a bit fiddly push it
all up together we match our shoulder
seams up another pin in there
and then on the other side we're doing
the same thing they're joining the right
hand side main and lining together right
sides together as you can see we've
formed a nice little sausage with the
entire dress in the middle okay so the
right sides are matching and the rest of
the dress is a sausage in the middle
we're now going to sew this seam that
we've pinned so we've sewn that armhole
seam the whole way along we were careful
when we sewed through the skinniest bit
to make sure we want sewing over the
rest of the dress which is bunched up in
the center we're now going to clip the
curves and then pull through so we've
clipped our curves and now we're going
to pull it through so if we can flip out
our garment like this we're going to
grasp hold of the shoulder there and
then we're going to pull the garment
through it's important to do this quite
gently if you find that it's not coming
through a couple of things could have
happened you may have stitched the body
of the dress when you did that shoulder
seam in which case you will just unpick
it and resell it the other thing that
can happen is sometimes you just need to
things might have got bunched up so you
can push it back a bit pull it wiggle it
around a little bit that will stop it
too getting caught up in the center so
we're going to pull it through when you
get to the shoulder it's often a bit
difficult we just keep on pulling keep
pulling until your entire garment has
come out so you can see here that this
right hand side armhole which is now
nicely joined together now we're going
to repeat what we did before with the
left hand side so we take the left hand
side main we paste pass it over the
garment through to the other side so
we're joining the right side of the main
to the right side of the lining on the
left hand side and to show you quickly
I'm sewing that I'm hole seam here's how
it looks in the
middle we bunched up the dress over to
one side and we're sewing that same okay
so here we go we have signed that second
armhole and now we're going to pull it
through gently firmly playing it through
gets bit sticky when you go through the
shoulder seam keep clean the key here is
to not pull too hard because if you pull
too hard you can tear your dress but if
you pull with that smooth even pressure
you'll be all set it's kind of like
magic there we go
so once we've earned this one flat
you've got a sleeveless dress which is
joined at the neck and the armholes and
all that's left for us to do is to join
those side seams and the hem and it flat
and here we go this is what we've got
we're joined at the underarms and we've
also joined at the neck if we were going
to complete this dress or we would then
do is lie the dress out so we have got
the right side of the lining and the
front and back joint and we've got the
right side of the main drag them back
joined and we would sew this side seam