[Music]
oh yeah
about to start another canning project
and this time she can figure out looking
at the sink oven here I'm doing some
cucumbers I'm going to be making some
sweet pickle relish I know I just put up
a rest of a video not too long ago a
sweet relish that one actually had bell
peppers and onions on it husband won't
eat it and I really wanted something
that was more along the lines of what
you get in the grocery store but without
the high fructose corn syrup okay so I
finally found a recipe took some
searching and I gotta thank Cristina it
will helps kitchen
last year she brought up this cookbook
and I found inexpensive copy of it
somewhere online it's used library book
yeah just by chance there is on 254
sweet green relish no onions no peppers
of any kind
this is gonna be simply chopped up
cucumbers in this sugar little little
black pepper and white vinegar that's it
that's gonna be our relish
so what I'm gonna start tonight is I've
already got my cucumbers over here
washed these are I've been picking these
over the last couple of days and keeping
them in the refrigerator stuck them in
the sink fill the sink with cold water
and I dumped probably half a cup of
vinegar in there just distilled vinegar
to let them clean and that was after
going over room with my hands and
getting all the little prickly things
off of them that growth drains that
after letting them soak for about ten
minutes in that and then refilled it
with fresh cold water and let them soak
for another ten minutes and drain it
away now I'm gonna start cutting off the
ends and I'm just gonna run these
through my food processor to chop them
all up I need ten cups of chopped finely
chopped pickling cucumber that's what
we've got there so I'm gonna get these
ready to go into the food processor once
I dig it out of the top of the top shelf
in the laundry room and I won't get to
work on that I'm not sure how well
you'll be able to see this because it's
nighttime outside so I don't even have
any light coming into the window and
I've got all the lights on that I can
possibly get one more over here I don't
think it's gonna shed much on us but
anyway I've already done quite a bit of
shopping
my goal is ten cups of minced finely
chopped cucumber so this is gonna get a
little loud
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
I'm going to finish cutting this up I'm
gonna make you sit here and listen to to
the food processor while I try to get
this done just wanted to show you right
quick so we'll be back when we're
completely ready for the next step okay
next step we are going to add a third of
cup of canning salts believe it could
either be pickling or canning salt
I have canning salt handy I'm not gonna
buy a special salt I'm just gonna
sprinkle some of that in there mix it
around a little bit
and we do have some some chunks in there
I'm seeing but that's okay it's not that
big a deal just give it a little extra
texture
good
alright there's our third salt do that
actually there's a little stuck in there
let me we're gonna cover this with an
inch of cold water well fill it with
cold water till it's covered by an inch
which I think that's gonna be a little
difficult so this stuff floats hmm okay
oh nice and foamy - okay stirring
yeah okay I'm going to say that that's
enough water but I'm gonna get some ice
cubes and as they melt just okay first a
little better all right now I'm gonna
put a plate on the top of this to weight
it down and this is gonna go into my
refrigerator and it's going to sit for
at least eight hours or up to 18 hours
smile for me it's I don't know what time
it is
it was after 8:00 when I started this at
night so it's probably close to quarter
till 9:00 so we'll be back in the
morning when we're ready to start
draining this off and move on to our
next step
all right it's next morning and our next
step to this is we've got to drain and
rinse all this chopped up cucumber that
we did this isn't a colander line with
cheesecloth
working in batches drain cucumbers and
rinse well drain again and squeeze out
excess liquid set aside and colander to
continue draining all right so working
in batches I'm gonna start dumping the
stuff over here in my cheesecloth lines
colander and
I'm not gonna make y'all try to watch
all all of this
these good chunks in there that's just
peel I did not feel the cucumbers and I
forgot to mention to y'all that when
you're chopping up when you're doing any
kind of pickle it's okay to leave the
stem end if you want that's the part
that the cucumber's attached to the vine
with but you do want to cut off at least
an eighth of an inch of your blossom end
for some reason there's some sort of
enzyme in there that if you were making
whole pickles bread-and-butter pickles
if you left that end on there it can
make your pickles soft I don't know why
but I have read that in more than one
place so be sure you can cut off the
blossom end it's alright there we go
rinsing that out I've got another bowl
over here to the side that I'm going to
dump the rents two cucumber off into and
I'm gonna continue to work this in
batches until I've got it all
all this rinsed out really well from
that salt water that we put it down last
night
we'll be back on the next step
all right I've got my first draining and
rinsing done and I'll put it down some
fresh cheesecloth so I'm going to drain
this again
I'm walking you
spread this out a little bit and I'm
gonna kind of press on it it wants me to
squeeze out the excess so we're just
gonna gather this up as best we can and
squeeze out the excess some people like
to save and wash their cheesecloth I
didn't I just threw that one piece away
I'm not quite that through whoo I'm
pretty frugal bit
it's not that big a deal all right
I'm going to continue to press on this
and try to get as much of that moisture
out of there as I can and then I'm gonna
let it sit and drain for a bit as well
and hopefully this rain will let up
where I can go out again and get my tank
set up and we can get this stuff going
we're gonna start our brine now I've got
to an amount of cups of sugar granulated
pure brown sugar in here do that I'm
going to add a quarter teaspoon of black
pepper
and to that we're gonna do two cups of
vinegar just white distilled vinegar
make sure it's 5% acidity I buy mine at
Sam's you can get a box with two gallons
in it for just under $5 I think so just
the members mark it works just fine cut
the heat on the phone of this where they
were going to just pointing to dissolve
our sugar I'm sorry I'm just waking up
and mouth is not following along in the
brain words anyway we'll get that mixed
up and dissolved and from there we're
gonna bring it to a boil
say
bring to a boil over medium heat
stirring often until sugar is dissolved
then we're going to increase in me heat
to medium-high and add the drained
cucumber so when we get ready to add the
cucumber's we'll bring you back
we're in a boil now cucumbers
bring them over
we're still a little drippy
and add that in I did not mean to get
the cheesecloth in the bran but I guess
that's inevitable
stir it in a little bit okay I'm going
to turn the heat up on this and we want
to get it back up to a boil
they're boiling and got a good simmer to
fit my lids and rings in a pot of water
back here
so once we get this back up to a boil
we're gonna reduce the heat and let it
simmer for 15 minutes and believe it's
what it says let's double check yep add
the dragon cucumbers return to a boil
stirring often reduce heat boil gently
starting often for 15 minutes or until
the cucumbers are translucent and the
mixture is slightly thickened so that's
going to probably take a little bit and
I'm not gonna make you sit here and
watch all that so I'd give you a little
shot of this stuff cooking I've got less
than I'm almost down to 5 minutes of the
15 minutes and we're looking pretty good
it's starting to turn translucent there
it's still holding a nice green color
let's suppose I could add some green
food coloring to make it greener but I'm
not going to I want to keep this just as
few and simple ingredients as I possibly
can I had a taste of it
very sweet tangy flavor this will be
good and tuna salads potato salads on
hot dogs burgers whatever you like to
enjoy sweet relish moment and this way
my husband will be able to enjoy it
because it has no peppers or onions in
it so we'll bring you back when we're
ready to start charring this up all
right we are ready to start putting this
stuff in jars we want a half-inch
headspace these are suppose it's
supposed to make
seven half pint jars I am going to as
you can see I'm putting on in points so
I process them for an additional five
minutes to what it says in the book
which I believe is ten minutes we're
gonna get that many jars out of this to
be perfectly honest with you see where
we are with that sorry about reaching
over sturdy bubbling
much debugging - - but a little bit
let's see half-inch headspace I could
actually go just a smidge bit more in
there
that may have been too much
yeah I got a smidge too much out that
way
alright that's good enough so I'm gonna
whiten our room this vinegar in that jar
you're really really hot okay
hot ringing lid
finger-tight and there we are you bring
this up so y'all can see it that looks
really pretty
tilt the camera so you don't have to
tell that you are pretty color looks
good I'm really pleased with that and I
like the taste to it I had like I said a
little nibble of it so they put this in
the canner and it will finish drawing up
the rest let's try a different angle
here for y'all I'm gonna have to kind of
stand over to the side and do the
sideways but I'm gonna try to get you a
little better view of when I'm filling
these jars until such time I get a
different tripod to play with
see that a little bit better isn't she
luck think I'm gonna get maybe too much
do all this
oh yeah that's way too much dig some up
out
what would you like hammer here grandma
tell
it's pop that's about an inch of head
space really so I could probably just a
little more
that's just under half inch I'm gonna
leave it there wiped out rim real good
and I'll be really surprised if I get
another cool point about I guess very
good finger tight and hopefully I'll hit
oh yeah y'all had a much better view I
don't know how much my arm was blocking
but we'll try that from now on to be
back after I put this one on the camera
well I apologize I ended up putting him
putting these in the canner and
processing some processed singing them
without being able to show you I got
busy doing some other thing because we
have to hurry and go meet some people
out that I'm about to eat so I finished
and I ended up getting the three pints I
had this little bit left over that I am
really really pleased with how these
turned out how they look these are a
beautiful color
nice held held the green really nicely I
didn't I don't feel like I needed to add
any food coloring to it to make it look
like store-bought and it's it's nice to
know that there's there's four
ingredients in this chopped up pickles
from my garden pure cane sugar vinegar
and a little black pepper that's it I
mean I I can't pronounce a good part of
the stuff that they put in the
store-bought versions that would get so
anyway I hope this will encourage people
to try their hand at candy I was tickled
to death to be able to find this
particular recipe in this complete book
for pickling let me run down the exact
measurements this yielded 10 cups of
finely chopped pickling cucumbers 1/3
cup of salt that was for day 1 in which
you put it in a nonreactive bowl cover
with cold water put a plate on it to
weight it down and then let it stand
cover and let stand at a cool room
temperature I put mine in the
refrigerator I'm just not you know my
house is not that cool for at least
eight hours or up to 18 hours
day to prepare the canner and jars and
lens and then you're going to two and a
half cups of granulated sugar quarter
cup of freshly ground black pepper two
cups of white vinegar five percent
acidity
once you've drained rinsed and drained
your cucumbers from the salt brine you
put them in let them set in the colander
and drain some more squeezed out the
excess moisture you combine all this
other ingredients bring it to a boil
over medium heat getting the sugar
dissolved increase the heat to
medium-high add the drained cucumbers
and return to the boil reduce the heat
and boil for about 15 minutes or until
they're translucent and it thickens up
ladle them into the jars it's supposed
to make 7 8 ounce jars I did point so 16
ounce jars if you're doing the half pint
she'd process in a water bath canner for
10 minutes I did mine for 15 minutes
since I did a larger larger jar
I let the jars stand in the water for 5
minutes after I turned off the heat and
then put them here on the cooling that
they have all sealed all three seals
just fine
and tomorrow I will take the Rings off
and wash the jars this I'm gonna put in
the refrigerator and we'll enjoy it this
weekend which is the 4th of job probably
with some hot dogs or hamburgers so
thank you for watching have any
questions or comments below put them
below or send me a message I'll answer
you as soon as I possibly can hope you
enjoyed this and happy canning