hi everyone my name is Melissa and
welcome to my first tutorial on
breathing now in this video I'm going to
be talking about the intake of breath
and the expulsion of breath and why is
breathing so important when we play the
flute so let's get started just a little
disclaimer before I start is that there
are many many different ways you can um
teach yourself breathing or your teacher
can teach you breathing um there are
different exercises there's so many
different types of ways that you can
breathe but I'm just going to teach you
a few of my own tips and tricks and I
hope they will be useful to
you okay let's start by talking about
breathing in or um the intake of air now
I'm going to give you a little analogy
what I use um what I teach my students
as well as I think about my my torso as
a jar now when you fill a jar you fill
it from the bottom to the top right not
from the top to the bottom that just
doesn't work so when I'm thinking about
breathing I'm thinking about filling my
lungs from the bottom to the top so
first we're going to fill our belly now
we're going to expand this out as big as
you can to a great big balloon and we're
going to not only expand our belly but
we're going to try and expand the back
of our belly as well so just below your
rib cage so we want to think about
expanding all of that out to its full
capacity and once that's full then we
move on to the chest and you fill your
chest your lungs and your rib cage
expands beautifully and then after your
chest you move to your shoulders and
your shoulder blades part your shoulder
blades can part at the back and you can
fit some air in there as well and then
anywhere else that you can fit air in
you can fit air in now this is quite a
slow process but we want to get this
process quicker and quicker and quicker
and the more you practice it more you
think about filling your air for the
bottom to the top um and the more you
practice the quicker you'll become okay
so now we're going to talk about
breathing out or the expulsion of air
and this is where you actually control
your breath now this is might be even
more important than the intake of breath
because no matter how big a Breath You
Take could be huge it could be really
small if you breathe out all your air on
the first note then what good is that
cuz you need to last right till the end
of the phrase so yeah it's definitely
more important than breathing in so here
you want to think about controlling your
breath and savoring your breath by only
using the air that is necessary to
produce good sound so don't blow out any
more air than is necessary for you to
produce a good sound and don't waste any
air as well so if you are resonating
correctly you'll only need to use um the
smallest amount of air to produce a good
sound so that's what I want you to think
about when you're expelling your air
don't use it all in one go savor it and
um use your air efficiently when you are
playing flute thank you so much for
watching I hope these tips are really
useful for you guys and if you have any
questions um about breathing then
comment in the comment section below um
again these are just my opinions and my
ways of thinking about breathing and um
um I hope to see you soon um just a
little something extra I am on Facebook
and Twitter and Instagram so if you'd
like to follow me on those then I'll
leave the link um in the description bar
below and yeah have a good day guys see
you later bye