a basement space is different than the
space in the rest of the house a
concrete basement floor is cold and an
unending stream of water vapor slowly
diffuses through the porous concrete
floor into the basement in addition a
basement floor is likely to be wet at
some point in the future from a plumbing
leak anywhere in the house or perhaps a
surprise groundwater leak in a very
heavy rain the flooring that is chosen
for a basement must take this into
consideration countless traditional
carpets have been ripped out and
replaced in basements time and time
again because they trapped water vapor
and allowed mold to grow and odors to
fester or they were saturated from a
leak and could not be saved and wood and
wood products installed in a basement
floor such as hardwood plywood
subflooring or laminate floors that are
made of particle board will surely be
ruined by a leak or water vapor
traditional carpets and wood floors are
not appropriate for a basement and will
not last
thermal dry basement floor systems are
the answer Thermal dry floor systems are
designed just for basements the thermal
dry tiles are 12 inch square modular
tiles that lock tight together they have
raised pegs on the bottom of them to
suspend your basement floor above the
cold hard damp concrete floor allowing
your floor to breathe water vapor does
not get trapped into finish flooring and
if there is a leak the water can be
dried from under the floor without
removing and destroying the thermal
drive flooring the space under the floor
is also a thermal break from the cold
slab which makes the surface temperature
of the finished floor up to 10 degrees
warmer than the concrete which provides
comfort and of course saves energy
thermal dry flooring is available in
four different ways
to carpet colors mocha and charcoal and
to washable tile colors Canyon beige and
sandstone all thermal dry attractive
colors are timeless neutral colors that
will match any home decor and never go
out of style an advantage of thermal
dries modular
design is that tile and carpet can be
mixed and maxed to achieve a custom
architectural look and in the future if
one spot in your floor gets damaged or
worn a high-traffic area at the bottom
of the stairs for example you can switch
tiles from an area that never gets seen
like from a closet or a hidden corner or
you can simply replace just the tiles
that need to be replaced something you
can't do with any other flooring
including wall-to-wall carpeting if the
basement gets wet temporarily it's not
likely you'll have to replace anything
just dry it out quickly designed just
for the special needs of your basement
environment the thermal dry basement
flooring system is water resistant and
beautiful