you know one of the most common
questions I get when it comes to taking
care of indoor plants is how to properly
water them and you know folks really
nothing could be easier if you follow a
few general rules of thumb now first off
there's some factors that sort of
indicate how much water plant will need
as far as how often you need to water it
first off plants that are in small pots
like this one you see right here need to
be watered more often they just simply
dry out faster then the plant growing in
a larger pot so keep in mind the smaller
pots we watered more often than plants
in larger pots also the kind of plant
influences how often you water plants
like these cacti and succulents need to
be watered relatively seldom compared to
these foliage plants spatha films or
peace lilies in particular are really
dramatic if you don't water them enough
if they wilt you know you haven't
watered them enough and by the way
that's not a good way to judge when to
water a plant you need to water plants
before they actually get to that wilting
stage to keep them healthy and in good
shape now when it comes to watering the
plant nothing could be easier what you
want to do is you want to apply the
water generously enough toward runs out
of the drainage holes you know with a
lot of my smaller houseplants I like to
bring them to the kitchen sink and water
them there let them drain thoroughly you
see the water coming out of the drainage
holes that lets you know you've watered
enough if you don't see the water come
out of the drainage holes you might not
have wet the entire root ball so when it
comes to watering water the plants
thoroughly and then stick your finger in
the pot every now and again when it
starts to feel dry then you water
thoroughly again so take good care of
your houseplants proper watering should
not be a mystery or hard to do water
when the soil feels dry to your finger
and you'll always do well forget it
growing I'm Dan Gill with the LSU AG
center
you