[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
it's a giant job just hauling this beast
from its tank and while over the years
aquarium director Amy Haden Roderick's
has handled many an oversized lobster
this one she says is over-the-top
I mean how can you put this in words
it's amazing ironically a shrimp trawler
netted just lunker but so rare of a
catch the captain called marine patrol
which brought the lobster here so all
the folks at the Department of Marine
Resources to see and study it for
themselves and for educational purposes
it's great to be taking pictures it can
use that to educate people they do this
give this big now if you're wondering
how old this monster might be while so
are the experts it seems there is no
exact science in telling on lobsters age
we can estimate based on how often they
would expect them to molt and how large
of an increase every time they do much
but it's a speculation whatever his age
somehow over the years this lucky
Lobster managed to elude the many
thousands of traps scattered across
May's ocean floor
[Music]
today measuring a full 40 inches turns
out though this big guy won't end up on
display instead back in the deeps
Amy says he's earned his beliefs you
know what laughter that big is pretty
rare and very special so you know
instead of keeping it in captivity we
think it's probably best to release it
back into the ground in West booth base
8th minute
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]