hey guys I'm tany and today I'm going to
show you how to make a banana split
milkshake so let's get started for the
ingredients you will need one sliced
banana 2 cups of vanilla ice cream 1 cup
of milk two strawberries or Marino
cherries strawberry or chocolate syrup
and whipped cream combine the banana
milk good job Tanya I spilled
it and ice cream into a blender until
smooth
[Music]
then drizzle syrup along the sides of
Tall
[Music]
Glasses then pour the milkshake into the
center and don't touch the sides
otherwise this will wreck the stripe
[Music]
effect then last top with whipped cream
and a strawberry or marcino
[Music]
cherry and now it's time for the taste
test m
this is honestly the best milkshake I
have ever had and I made it oh so good
wow M all right guys so that is all for
today's video be sure you give it a
giant thumbs up and also comment down
below and tell me what else I should
make and if you make this be sure you
post a picture on Instagram or Twitter
and # skylet Avenue so that I can see it
and like it and just before I end this
video I just want to mention that I am
vlogging more now so if you want to
subscribe to my Vlog channel the link is
down below and I'll see you guys next
time with a brand new video bye o
[Music]