today I made some homemade instant
pudding once again I'm working with
clear gel and this time it's the instant
type with the canning I've been using a
non instant type of clear gel what I did
was I put half a cup of sugar in a bowl
and then you're supposed to add 1/3 cup
of dry milk and in the end you mix in
two cups of milk but to make this
prepper style I went ahead and put
enough dry milk in there too so that I
could just add water to it so it ended
up a little over half a cup of dry milk
and I'm using the milk alternative from
honey ville in this I don't know if
different types of milk would give
different results and then I added a
third cup of clear gel then I mix the
dry ingredients together thoroughly
you're also supposed to add a quarter
teaspoon of salt and I forgot to add
that but at this point you could package
up the dry mix and it would be ready for
whatever you want to use it and all
you'd have to do is add two cups of
water to the dry mix and a quarter
teaspoon of vanilla I put a quarter
teaspoon of vanilla in two cups of water
and then whisk that into the dry mix I
don't think you can buy a clear gel in
any grocery store a fellow youtuber
named horticultural and home sent me
some clear gels that she bought from an
Amish store and she really got me hooked
on this stuff but I was able to find
clear gel online and I bought some from
a place called Shady maple farm market
and they carry the instant and the non
instant type and they also have another
type of clear gel that's called therm
flow which is supposed to be better than
the non instant clear gel but this stuff
is really great and the instant type can
be used to make puddings or things like
strawberry glaze for
strawberry pie or it's also used in
baked goods it claims that if you take a
normal cookie recipe and substitute
butter for shortening to give you a
chewy cookie if you add some clear gel
to it then it will keep the cookie from
going flat on you and it'll be like a
store-bought cookie really great stuff
even though this looks a bit grainy
because I just mixed it up it doesn't
taste grainy at all it is really good it
tastes like instant pudding so here's
another idea for you hope it helps