[Music]
My Kitchen today's menu well this this
is for my brother he went somewhere he
said he had some red velvet waffles
waffles never heard of them but I'm
gonna make my version of red little
waffles and he had chicken with it so I
have some party wings cooking and but
that's not the videos we did that partly
it's the waffles so I have a large
family so you may not need as much as I
have probably half of it but I had three
cups of all-purpose flour 1/2 a teaspoon
of salt 2 teaspoons of baking powder 1
teaspoon of baking soda and forth
it's tablespoons of sugar and 1
tablespoon of cocoa and this is your dry
ingredients and I'm just gonna mix it up
just like this
and to this I'm getting like a load I'm
gonna say a little wheel I don't have
nowhere mister in the center I'm gonna
add in 2 large eggs at room temperature
along what 4 teaspoons 4 tablespoons of
sorry
that's the big one 4 tablespoons of
vegetable oil to that I have this
because I make real velvet on cakes and
stuff so it's almost like a jail but if
you have like the regular food coloring
you're gonna need only 3 tablespoons of
that and that's your big one and
normally what that it projects they
probably would be like that whole little
4-ounce bottle of the whole the 4 ounce
bottle of their red full cover but if
you're using like a liquid gel like I'm
using it
yes this is thick I'm only gonna use 2
tablespoons this is what I use when I'm
making my red velvet cakes get it big
right so that I'll be good for Halloween
across our plate thank you
that's my Amazon anything like that well
you just get your red lip or else your
regular for else on red velvet for me
both scream visions another side okay
right here have a cup and a half a
buttermilk 2 teaspoons of vanilla and
you know guys forgot tournament I'll
tell you guys when you look at the time
cuz you may be moment upon this pants
don't have to thin you like your arm
you're walking a big boy yeah I should
use the morning now see it only took two
teaspoons
and my kid doesn't need two cups of milk
because I'm making a lot I'm gonna get a
cup and a half
you got a soulful tea and my chicken is
cooking I wanted to turn a credit debit
transfer Bulls got to be back
but be real
you got it that's not like my walking
that it's on like waffle mix I need a
bigger bone and this is not the color
what I want to be a ravenous so heavy
that thing my spatula yeah I said my
special I'm not going with three
tablespoons it's just because of food
color that I'm using I don't need that
and I already added another half a cup
of milk
um so initially it be use the recipe
three cups of flour like I'm doing
depending how thick you like your own
your batter I like I don't like thick
batter
some people do good girl I my son just
say he did blame I walked with Mike's
eye fluffy
oh my god
so remember you guys to this let me go
over the recipe again
bring your dry ingredients three cups of
all-purpose flour 1/2 a teaspoon of salt
two teaspoons of baking soda 1 teaspoon
of bacon you know what let's try this
one more time three cups of flour
all-purpose have a teaspoon of salt 2
teaspoon of baking powder once he's
gonna baking soda that's not that's not
that great
okay that's your dry ingredients you're
gonna need four tablespoon of sugar 1
tablespoon of cocoa dry ingredients wet
ingredients 2 eggs 2 cups of milk 2
teaspoons of vanilla good vanilla
vanilla 3 tablespoons of vegetable oil
and your milk I did two cups of milk
depending on how thin or thick you like
your waffles s point how much butter
look you're gonna use you guys and then
at the use of food coloring you're gonna
need the whole foot I'll dip it in there
you're gonna measure I washed it out ok
I didn't have any spray make sure you
walk on it's nice and hot you said walk
on you like to use this is what we have
here and long can you spray don't have
any what's the bill is your one
the dance quiz hey guys they gonna have
chicken a box this is for my brother
he's gonna get an Emmy he's like here
but he the one who told me make some
bread waffles and chicken I was aware he
said I was aware and I had on and he had
a chicken of waffles what you did let me
take my spatula and look like I may have
a little bit fool them I might put in
too much mix ah damn Punk I did a little
too much mix and you come my goons but
that's ok
my chicken is cooking Oh lose it look
ass I've been at too much waffle mix how
many people this happened to a lot of us
let me clean up around me
[Applause]
okay so I couldn't get all down the hill
you guys because it was hot all right
but I'm making a mess and I spit in my
wok are we gonna let some more and this
time I'm gonna try Natsu oh sorry how'd
it go back a baby with fryer I'm making
a such a mess to me and my dad is still
a bit too thick but my sledge they
supposed to be this way hopefully these
will still come steering out everybody
had a nice
[Music]
finish again somebody go through the
month by going this this is our first
time to rebel waffles in this house
so I thought this sweet and salty
together the supply should give party
ways and I made about eight puppies so
here this is my version of they have
double waffles anything we're gonna have
a side of chicken with them why do I
have nothing they gonna have a side of
chicken with it um guys um thanks for
liking
like comment share subscribe I'm still
coming over whatever hey so I'm kinda
lost in the sauce everything light share
and subscribe check out the jam family
on my son channel English baby a fiance
Jeff am Jam family a jam Sam um check
out the website for some salty t-shirts
um guys I hope everybody had a wonderful
Christmas we did here shout out to
Shirley Rose who send me some awesome
things in the mail thank you so much
miss Shirley for the walk and the pie
dishes I want to make apple pies with
you guys with that so with that being
said we're out until next time
ran down the block was wrong having the
area buddy Happy New Year everybody
nothing the cake mix
okay gas
[Music]