[Music]
hi there Lindsay here the FR crafter
with a fun project today we're going to
make these really cool sparkly resin
glitter earrings yay oh doesn't it make
you happy just to talk about glitter and
resin and sparkles well does me anyway
we're going to use this really cool
glitter from paperart 99 cent a tube
love this stuff we're also going to use
this abaca mesh it's a The Deco scrunch
mesh from paper Mar we're going to make
some really cool earring display cards
and giftgiving cards um with this so
that you'll have something to put your
fabulous earrings on and um I also want
to thank our sponsor papermart for
bringing us these fabulous products you
can check them out online at
www.papermart.com where you can find
them for yourself there'll also be a
link under this video to take you right
there to the products that I used so
without further Ado let's go to the
table and make some cool sparkly stuff
yay okay I have all my supplies out at
the table and um I have added a half an
ounce of resin into My Little Mix cup
and eight drops of catalyst because
that's what I need for um my environment
and um where I'm going to be curing the
resins so always refer to your resin
packaging to see um how much of what to
mix with what cuz your package will tell
you exactly what to do I have my glitter
ready and I'm just mixing up my resin in
Catalyst with a CLE with a h wooden
popsicle stick and I just get those at
the dollar store and my little resin cup
I actually just made from an applesauce
cup um those work really well and I just
just um measured out the markings and
wrote them on the side of my container
with the Sharpie all right don't worry
about bubbles now because um they'll
just kind of come on out you can breathe
on them and that uh that will take them
right out you can use a straw to do that
all right I've got wax paper on my work
surface and um what I'm going to do is
fill the cavities of this mold with um
with a little resin I'm not going to
fill it all the way because we're going
to top it off with another color so I'm
just kind of coating the um mold with
the resin um I would recommend that you
um try to pour it as carefully as you
can because then you'll have less filing
and sanding to do down the road quickly
going to add my resin U my glitter onto
my resin so I'm going to start with a
bottom and a little bit of blue now
since I'm putting this into fairly uh
juicy resin it's going to sink to the
bottom and really mix in there good
we're going to get a nice Vivid glittery
Shine from
this now now you could do the rainbow
effect by um lining up all your glitter
colors and putting them in exactly like
this you just can't put as much glitter
if you need to fit all the colors of the
rainbow in and that's a really fun
project too but I've seen a lot of those
around on Pinterest lately and on the
YouTube and everything so I thought we'd
do something different today and still
you know get a little more use out of
your supplies all right now I found a
really great way to color my resin and
since this is pretty juicy I'm going to
go right ahead and add it to this and
I'm using dry tempera and this was 09
Cent it's certainly affordable I got it
at Martin's for .79 Cent so um you know
you'll pay a little bit more elsewhere
but since it has no liquid in it it
actually works almost like an embedment
into your resin so I'm just putting in a
small scoop I'd say that's probably
about oh I don't know half a teaspoon
maybe and I'm going to mix this in now
generally I would mix up a whole new
batch of resin I would mix this into the
resin and then add hardener but I've got
this here ready it's still juicy we just
made it so um I can go right ahead and
mix it on the fly like that but if you
were doing a big batch you'd probably
want to make this up
separately um it doesn't add to any
curing time because you're not adding
any moisture into the resin you also
don't need to add more Catalyst because
this is almost like an embedment now
look at that it looks like looks like
liquid metal doesn't it I just love a
look at that um so that was my little
experiment this week seeing if I could
color it with this stuff and I'm adding
it right into the wet resin trying to
fill it right to the top without
overfilling and we're going to want this
to mix and bubble around in there uh so
don't try to make a perfect even coat
you're going to want some
variation so I'm just filling up the
rest of these
molds um it can be kind of a pain in the
butt to wear gloves when you use this
but it's also a pain in the butt to wash
your hands afterwards because this resin
is super sticky and whenever you get it
on it is very hard to wash off you'll
have to use like nail polish remover
with acetone in it so I recommend you
know put up with the gloves sometimes
I'll just use the gloves to um to mix it
and then I'll take them off when I go to
pour um but really this is hard to wash
off with stuff so make sure you protect
your work surface and you protect your
skin also proper ventilation this
polyester resin is very stinky so is the
epoxy resin so if you're going to use
resin make sure that you have windows
open fans on I actually cure my resin
outside on a nice warm days right in the
sunshine what I do is I um put a piece
of plexiglass on my picnic table I put
my um resin molds on top of that and
then I cover it with a rubber ma
container just a clear container and put
it I put it on upside down so the sun
can get in and heat it all up now I've
used up pretty much everything perfectly
so now if I want to add some swirls in
there I can I'm going to take off my
gloves because I've done I'm done
playing with the pot of resin you can
reuse your gloves quite a few times I
get the eight pack at the dollar store
in the first aid section and um you know
I can use a gloves gloves for several
sessions I'm going to swirl this
around and you can get different effects
you could get like a marbley pattern um
you could get kind of like clouds I call
these my Cosmos earrings because they
remind me of pictures from the Hubble
telescope after they're all settled and
cured you have a very short window to be
playing with this I think the polyester
resin might have a little longer pot
time or open time to work with um and
I'm going to show you some different
effects that you can get if you let your
resin if you let the layers of resin um
sit between um between over coating so
I'll show you that in just a second but
I want to get
this all kind of stirred in a little bit
you can just see what what it does on
its own without stirring but I want a
little bit of variation in
there okay so at this point I'm going to
take this outside to cure and I'm going
to show you some other examples so we'll
be back in just a moment all right I've
taken my resin outside to cure and um
the SE are some I made earlier and I
popped them out and you can see they
have this really pretty glitter but also
you'll see variations where the glitter
is kind of suspended in air or in resin
you see the clear bits and you see some
of the silver coming through from The
Temper paint and it just gives you um a
very ethereal look to your jewelry so
now if you also look you'll see where
I've spilled here and there there's
little bumpy areas what you want to do
to take care of that is to file it and
um I like to use just a uh file this is
a actually a hardware store file it's a
husky brand you can get it at you can
get a big set of these files for um a
few bucks at Lowe's or the Home Depot or
any sort of hardware store you can also
use your little if you have scrapbooker
and you have the scrapbooking files
these are the scrapbooking files those
work as well really well look how
quickly that cleaned up cleaned up the
center hole there for the outside um the
outside of this is pretty clear but um
you can use scissors to TRW off any big
chunks there's no big chunks on this um
you can use a nail file or an Emory
board or um a little file like this or
some sandpaper just try not to scratch a
surface too much and then you won't have
to glaze if your um jewelry looks a
little dull you can glaze over it with a
little uh future floor wax it's also
called pledge I don't know if it says
future on the bottle anymore but that
works really well for bringing out a
little more shine if your piece comes
out a little duller so take off any
rough edges and then um we'll be back
and I'll show you how to finish your
earrings just wanted to give you a quick
reminder when you do sand your resin
pieces and file them down uh wear a dust
mask if you're going to do uh quite a
bit of it because you don't want to
breathe in any of that resin dust all
right so I said I'd show you some
examples here are some um with clear
resin and I put some buttons in then I
put the uh glitter so you got the
glitter kind of suspended behind that um
this I did um I put my first layer of
resin and clear let it set for a few
minutes then I put my glitter and then I
put some more clear resin in the back so
you've got the distinct levels of resin
you can get kind of a drro look there if
you back it with a colored resin like a
black or red or some color you like um
so there's just some different versions
that you can do and those I just wire
wrapped um did the same thing when you
work in a batch you'll end up with uh
different um styles depending on how
your resin's curing as you're getting
around to pouring the glitter in so give
it a try it's a lot of fun and also if
you notice that your resin comes out of
the mold a little dull just give it a
coat of of the future floor wax or any
clear sealer and you'll be good to go
all right so to make the earrings you
need two ear wires and you'll need two
pieces of um wire to match your ear wies
so I've got these uh silver colored
copper wire here and I'm just cutting
off about two oh six or seven inch long
pieces just depends on how much wrapping
you want to do I always cut the wire
together because um then my earrings end
up looking more similar so what I'm
going to do is um put the wire through
the hole in my earring and I'm going to
fold it up so I've kind of just trapped
it in there you could use your pliers to
bend that if you want to um then I'm
going to wrap one end
around a couple
times and then I'm going to make a loop
with this leftover wire going to bend it
towards
myself and bend it up and then go over
my plier
reinsert my pliers and bend the wire in
front but I'm not going to wrap the I'm
not going to wrap this loose of wire
around I'm going to wrap it with that
wire so I get a really nice secure Loop
so then I'm going to just go right
around and pull that around a couple
times I'm going to trim my ends as
closely as I
can using my flush side
cutters you can use the Cutters that are
on your threein one tool but I find that
the um the separate side Cutters work a
little bit easier and then you can file
down any loose wire or you can uh you
can just kind of Squish it in with your
pliers sometimes you'll have to go in
there with a tips and just kind of tuck
it
under and again my best wire working is
not done on video because I got to get
my face right in there now I'm going to
do this again but I'm going to zoom in a
little bit so you can hopefully see a
little bit better
putting the wire in and just kind of
trapping that is by folding both ends up
going to wrap one end around a couple
times try not to uh bend your wire too
much as you do that so you don't weaken
it I'm going to make my
Loop and wrap it around to the front so
I can secure it in with the other
wire that's coming in from the opposite
way so I know I'm going to get a nice
secure Loop and I'm going to wrap this
around it two or three times just so it
matches the other
earring and then we want to trip trim
off our excess
wire now be a little more take a little
more time with that be a little more
elegant my video is getting kind of long
and I want to get it um get it done for
you and then you simply need to attach
the ear wires by opening up the Rings
with your pliers just give it a
Twist and put your earring on
there and twist it
closed and repeat that for the other
earring and there you have some really
unique earrings that you can make in
batches they make really fun craft fair
items and they also make really fun
party favors or things for you to wear
um Christmas gifts little classroom
gifts whatever um so there you have it
very cute easy pair of earrings but wait
there's more you probably want a cute
way to display these earrings at your
next craft fair well I'm going to show
you how to make a really cute earring
easel now here's one I made for the rose
but earrings we made in our last video
and I'm going to show you how to make
one for more dangly earrings so the
first thing you want to do is score your
paper this is a um 3 in by 8 and 1 12 in
piece of card stock and I'm going to
give it I'm going to give it a couple
scores here I'm going to give it a score
at about 3 and 1/2
in and again at 3 and 1/2 Ines from
there and I'm just going to make this
little easel and I'm going to score it
about half an inch from the end
here you'll want to have some really
great double-sided tape or some um hot
glue handy too for this and I'm just
going to fold on those score lines I
made
lining it up to the edge just to make
sure I folded it I scored it straight
you could use a score pal it would be a
lot easier but my score pal is way over
there so I'm just using my bone folder
to keep my folds nice and crisp and then
this is going to be the top uh easel
part of my holder and I don't want the
um the color of my cool mesh here to
distract from my earrings so what I'm
going to do is actually use this little
thumb punch it's a/ inch circle and go
in from each side and give it a little
punch could help if I punched all the
way through wouldn't it that' be
fabulous squeeze it
good and do that again on the other side
get all my get my paper out of
there paper's still stuck in there I
think it'll be
fine give it another little
punch both pieces came out that time and
then from the back I'm going to glue
this MH in
place use my hot glue gun
here and just go right around the
holes it's not going to take a lot of
glue to keep this in place just be
careful that you don't burn yourself
because this mesh is very holy and the
glue will seep through and get you B
bone folder in there to tap that down
and then a little bit of glue right
along that
edge this is just a unique way that you
can um display any of your earrings for
sale and that's what I love about
papermart products is that you can buy
things in bulk and save a lot of money
um so that when you do craft fairs or
when you're packaging gifts or your wees
or whatever you have um you know you can
sell them at a reasonable price so then
all you have to do is slide your
earrings into the little holes that
you've
punched Now isn't that clever and a fun
way to display your fabulous New
Creations I want to thank you so much
for watching I hope you enjoyed this
video and if you have any questions
leave a comment below in the comment box
and I will be more than happy to help
you out I want to thank our sponsor
paperart for bringing us this fabulous
tutorial check out their glitter 9 cents
a tube it's a great deal um also their
scrunch fabric that we used here their
mesh fabric that is also affordable and
comes in many colors and styles and um
that's it for today U go check them out
at
www.papermart.com where we make you look
even better
thank you so much for watching until
next time happy crafting