hi this is Jesse with total outdoor
programming and today I'm going to show
you how to make your very own bug spray
using essential oils online there's so
many different recipes lots of different
oils you can use but today we're going
to use these three lavender lemongrass
and purification and lemongrass is
really good for actual mosquito
repellent if you can find the plant
anywhere and put it in your backyard it
repels mosquitoes really well for this
one we're going to use 2 oz of distilled
water and 1 oz of this natural
astringent it's a witch hazel and then
we're going to do three drops of each of
these oils
purification lemongrass and lavender so
now all you do is mix the ingredients
together you put the lid on and shake it
up it's ready to use
[Music]