[Music]
most of the battle coming - specially
famous Christmas tree
Jilly Jilly left only Mansour by
bludgeoning
my family's crops like rubber and
program√≠s Mississippi oh the pneumonia
and rubber one pound one product mission
edge though the gold pneumonia at the
garden of Allah Paran and coverage sent
among 3xo in the town of values and
north cotabato farmers rely on their
rubbers as their main source of
livelihood but with the reality of
climate change they are now looking at
elevating the rubber production to boost
their income autonomy maja de haut de
una Corda nama existing area for robbers
Teresa areas and arias on their own up
on utility - maja
yes Anna for development that can be
used as production area for rubber and
other related commodities phony
mud girl legacy ole among Camille
subduct Osamu rubber cap LeBlanc mas de
my aunt Rita began an HA go there over
Milan Sita solar corona coming Iraq and
so must ma the pasture for sure boku no
naka minimal a bare sand project
appeared epic hmm nice Mormon militia
the moonstone yes Bullock monuments
multiple in our mythical particular the
fourteen point nine million project will
be financed under the Philippine rural
development projects under its
investment for rural enterprises and
agriculture or the citizen or Irish
components the assistance will be mainly
used for the construction of village
level processing facility to process
rubber latex into sheep coming village
legal processing facilities the Cobra
Kai on metabolic demands and Roberto
Pumas Basilan pizza shop Blanco cigar
and good on table mr. Billy quality and
columns Wong banaba
demand occurrence and taoism natural
rubber sole natural rubbers in ten
gallons are electric process from
monomers a tragic superb appearance
precision oolitic must increase in
income some farmer isaac aplomb
so on table is fifty sixty and recovery
olympics kappa magnifica processing a
rubber ship 70/30 appreciation lytx
membership MassHealth basic aplomb the
enterprise will implement a cluster
scheme that will alter delicate rubber
farmers in other towns who will supply
rubber sheets to the lead proponent root
for marketing consolidation the forged
aluminum a rope a categorize
uno niacin marketing Jessica plaster a
mocha kita comic market Mao Peraza
rubber partners calipers tsofen
duratomic agiza
by group so mr. Inagaki the Mantis
Anatomy officio ferrous Athena
production in an American market English
eminently polish marketing Sheridan
mismo metasoma pretty oh oh ma company
soon as I deliver and higher price
market the best markets
Rafael Caro company is a movement upon
people know fostering the compute namaha
suspense oh god sama phonemic a cluster
coming Segura maka so Playland Tammy or
minus 10% know the demand market the
relation north cotabato my parents
agreed in terms of the prices coming up
commodity from cup lamps to rubber sheet
may 23 different and therefore with doha
table and each a in terms of elevating
or increasing the income above our
farmers known as the patella Mercosur
programmers of everything we have
attended window there was a cobra
we must especially and rubber farmer
bonaga nearly went correctional former a
consonant
you
[Music]
you
[Music]
[Music]