a female stray cat and a male black bear
have totally hit it off and the Internet
is loving it and now for your cute
animal story of the day this one is a
story of unlikely animal friends and
come on no one can resist those this
female stray cat and male black bear
named Sequoia met at the Folsom City Zoo
in sanctuary in Folsom California oh
yeah did I mention Sequoia weighs 550
pounds well I guess it doesn't matter
because it didn't stop this tiny cat
who's been named Little Bear from trying
to make friends staffers say little bear
first met Sequoia several months ago
when she wandered into his enclosure on
a search for food when they noticed she
was coming back on a regular basis they
started putting out food for little bear
- Sequoia doesn't necessarily go out of
his way to hang out with little bear but
he certainly doesn't seem to be bothered
by her and he definitely doesn't look at
her like she'd be a delicious afternoon
snack which is a good thing sanctuary
visitors report little bear sightings
because they're worried for her safety
but staffers say the friendship is the
real deal and claimed little bear isn't
in any danger and if she wasn't any
danger she has one heck of a bodyguard
in Sequoia I'm Jillian for buzz60 now
you know pass it on