how to knit the cable ribbing stitch
English style for this tutorial you'll
need a pair of knitting needles today we
are using hand turned pakodi exotic
hardwood needles from Montana mountain
knitting needles in the size us nodding
a cable needle today we are using this
handcrafted blown glass cable needle
from moving mud and a ball of yarn today
we are using hand dyed gradient yarns
from knit circus this is their ballerina
sock fingering weight yarn in the color
tiny princess special thanks to our
sponsor yarn club net for providing all
of today's products find more
beautifully handmade local artisan
produced products like these in their
monthly awesome box for more information
and a chance to win a free awesome box
visit yarn Club net slash stitch for the
stitch you need to know the following
techniques knit purl knit through the
back loop purl through the back loop to
be in this stitch you'll need to cast on
in multiples of 5 plus 2 Row 1 beginning
on the wrong side of our work we're
going to knit 2
then we're going to start our repeat by
purling one through the back loop so
instead of coming this way we're going
to come behind the stitch here okay then
we're going to knit one and we'll purl
through the back loop again and then
we'll finish up by knitting two and
we're going to repeat this sequence all
the way across until the end of the row
beginning with the purl through the back
loop the first one row two we're going
to begin by purling two we want to start
our repeat by knitting one through the
back loop then we'll purl one we'll knit
one through the back loop
and then purl two and we're going to
repeat this sequence all the way across
until the end of the row row three we're
going to repeat Row one so we'll start
by knitting two then we're going to purl
one through the back loop
we'll start our repeat knit one purl one
through the back loop and then we'll
knit two and we'll repeat this sequence
all the way across until the end of the
row row four we're going to begin by
purling two next we're going to start
our repeat by slipping the next two
stitches to a cable needle so we'll grab
our cable needle here
so this is a knit stitch and a purl
stitch we're slipping we'll hold that
those stitches in the front then we're
going to knit one through the back loop
then we're going to slip the first
stitch this purl stitch back to our main
needle and we're going to purl that
stitch alright then we'll slip this
other stitch back to our main needle or
if you want you can just knit it from
the cable needle and we're going to knit
that through the back loop alright then
we can set our cable needle off to the
side and we're going to purl two so
we're going to repeat this sequence all
the way across until the end of the row
let's do that for you again one more
time real quick we'll slip these two
stitches off hold them in front we'll
knit this one through the back loop
place the purl stitch back on our main
needle and purl that and then we'll knit
the stitch from the cable needle through
the back loop
and then purl 2 so repeat this all the
way across until the end of the row so
we're going to repeat rows 1 through 4
until you've reached your desired length
and that's how you knit the cable
ribbing stitch after a few repeats your
pattern should look like this
what mortise is today join our VIP email
list to get every stitch directly to
your inbox sign up today at new Saturday
comm slash VIP