this is my metal thermos from triple-a
it's one of those I think stainless
steel type of containers but I had this
problem with metal water bottles before
I don't know if you can see it's hard to
see but rust is already starting to
develop inside there at the corners I'm
gonna take another shot with flash on
it's a little more revealing light turns
on the flash so you can see in the rim
over there in the inside rust is
starting to develop I don't know if this
is normal but it seems to be normal to
me I've had a few water bottles that
were made out of metal or stainless
steel and they develop rust pretty
easily so I wonder if it's safe to be
drinking rusty water guess so back in
the olden days they probably drink rusty
water and didn't really matter so if
this is happening with your metal water
water bottle let me know