you
you
this one is a four feet showcase display
that we're going to do a school project
on it we use the quarter inch plexiglass
and the LED lights that can
automatically dim and automatically
change colors it has almost all the
spectrums of the colors the candle
delights now and you can see that it's
very very bright even when the light is
on and the way it is built with the
light we just made some kind of like
tunnels in the back and we put this the
LED system it's right over here
with the remote that's the remote
actually here the color is going to
change so this is a stage one of the
school display later on we're going to
enjoy the rest of the stages this is our
display stage number two we made a sign
for it change the colors for me please
and this is the final result before
we're going to start to put our stuff on
it okay this is almost the final stage
because finish to put whatever they
needed to write on it but we found out
we have no electric at the gym where
they're going to feature it so I
connected a car battery charger right
here to that it gives 12 volts and it's
going to last for at least two or three
days even even if I put it for 24 hours
a day it's connected right here and
because it takes only 12 volts and very
very low lower power consumption it's
going to work