hi everybody welcome back to my kitchen
today we're going to do roasted sweet
corn which is one of the most popular
dishes at the restaurant everyone asks
me how to make it and I'm going to do it
for you today you can do it because this
ones are really easy I've got white corn
here you can use sweet yellow corn
doesn't matter that's got to be fresh
you don't want to use frozen or canned
corn because it's too wet and you'll
never get it to roast and ugh if you've
never done this before it's really easy
I have a large bowl here so I can work
around the corn and I'm just cutting
down the corn where it is and cutting it
off of the cup I've got two ears of corn
that I've done already so this is three
years total that's it this case okay wow
this has been sitting on here for a
couple minutes you can see all the smoke
that's coming off of it now if this corn
was sitting around for half an hour or
so what you can do ahead of time I would
dry it off a bit because if it gets too
wet then the corn will little steam and
it won't roast and it goes right into
the pan you can use a cast iron pan then
you got a stir fry it really can't shake
it like this one you don't want to use a
Teflon pan because it's not going to
roast properly you want to actually kind
of burn to the bottom of the pan so
let's get a little closer and we'll take
a look this pan is completely dry didn't
add any butter to it didn't any oil to
it because then you just going to saute
the corn you're not going to roast a
quart and if you watch it it's going to
start popping like popcorn now for this
size pan which is about a 12 inch pan I
put in three years of corn I would do
any more of that this is a little bit
too crowded for me you want the corn to
be one layer no higher than that if you
won't have all the corn to have contact
to the pan and
time's over here I've got my seasonings
I've got garlic butter you can just use
plain butter I've got some lime cilantro
salt pepper already here crackling now
you can see it's starting to char that's
what I was you can smell it smells great
and this literally cooks in a minute for
two minutes it's a great dish see we're
almost done I'm getting it browned and
charred that is it take it off the heat
I'm going to add garlic butter this is
going to smoke as much as you like or as
little as you like
now I don't want to cook the butter I
just want to melt it into the corn you
can use plain butter you'll have to use
go out throw up tough cilantro you can
leave the cilantro out just take it like
this hop under top and the last part is
line well and don't forget a little salt
and pepper and that is the roasted corn
quick easy and really the best corn
you'll ever have