[Music]
good morning and welcome to Marissa's
kitchen it is breakfast time here in my
house and I wanted to show you a
breakfast that I eat really often I
actually have hypoglycemia which is
blood sugar issues so I have found that
for me doing th em I can't do s
breakfast so I found that I do better
having ebrake ffice but as you may have
found out already it's kind of hard to
come up with a lot of eat breakfast so I
usually do some form of though one of my
favorite breakfast is baked oatmeal it
is not a recipe from the book it is one
that my friend Allison gave me you know
I'm going to show the recipe at the end
of the video so you can see it there's a
similar one in Breanna Thomas's
necessary foods cookbook which I highly
recommend this as another resource for
doing THM so if you can find it if you
have her cookbook it's very similar to
hers so I made up a pan of this you can
mix it up the night before I timed
myself the other night because I was
really wanting to get to bed and it took
me eight minutes to put it all in a bowl
and put it in the fridge so it soaks
overnight which serene would be happy
about that
have your soaked great and then the next
morning I throw in a 9 by 13 in the oven
as I'm getting a shower then a wonderful
smell of baked oatmeal is drawing me to
the kitchen so then I go ahead and I cut
my 9 by 13 pan into 8 portions and then
it can easily be just stored in the
fridge for the week or these fit perfect
in a ziplock bag and can be frozen and
they freeze great and can just be
reheated on a morning when you're in a
hurry so I'm going to show you so this
is my breakfast this morning pop and I
add a teaspoon of butter to it because
it is the recipe an incredibly low in
fat so the reason you add the fat and
don't
it off is because it's going to help you
get through until your next snack or
meal if you leave the pad off you're
going to find yourself a lot more hungry
sooner so I have a special treat this
morning I'm excited about is I'm going
to give a shout out to my friend Abbi
who will be featured in my telling my
next video and she made the Gwen's mask
berry syrup but made it was peaches and
I got to try to serve her house
yesterday and it is so good and I don't
even really like peach stuff very much
but this is fantastic and she was so
sweet it gave me some to take home and I
told her we were going to put her video
so I am going to heat this up probably
after I put the syrup on normally how I
would serve this because I don't usually
have my gummy syrup to put on it is I
would just put a packet or two of Truvia
after I heat it up so I'm going to go
ahead and put the syrup on it and the
syrup would be a fuel Pole
no with peaches is it very edgy
beautiful with peaches it'd be tomorrow
not up just for probably about 45
seconds so my baked oatmeal is ready and
I'm going to show you how yummy and
delicious this looks with the butter
pouring down so you really should
include that 1/2 spoon of butter and
I've always thought this is the most
Awkward part of cooking shows is when
you take a bite because nobody else can
taste it but you but anyway I'm going to
go ahead and do that
mmm super yummy in control I make sure
with this wish you could come to my
house and have breakfast with me have a
great day
you