hello guys welcome back to my kitchen
happy Easter hope you guys are having a
good time today I'm going to show you
how I make open grilled fish I going to
be using tilapia for this recipe because
I love the texture of tilapia fish even
though it can be Buon so watch out for
that if you're interested in this recipe
I know you're interested that's why
you're watching so since you're
interested click the like button below
and don't forget to subscribe the button
is below it is absolutely free and the
beauty of subscription is that all my
videos come straight to you premium
service join the VIP Club anyways let's
get into this recipe because I'm playing
too much it is going to be fast it is
going to be easy and it is going to be
delicious so first of all go download to
the oven turn on your grill I leave mine
for at least let's say 20 minutes before
I start grilling and next we're going to
go back to our tilapia fish this has
already been cleaned cut it was done in
the market because I don't like that
kind of messy business so it's cleaned
and cut and I'm just going to be making
some incisions on it and this is for the
spices so that when I put the spices
they can really really enter where well
typically what you should do is marinate
it and put it in the fridge like put the
spices and leave it in the fridge but
anybody got time to that so we're going
straight to our spices I'm using th I'm
using seasoning Cube I'm using this
ginger garlic mix that I love love love
love love love let me know if you've
tried it out and if you like it I'm
using the food a pepper soup spice my
favorite right now I love it like I'm
Ming it in using it small small it will
soon finish and then I'm going to be
using black pepper you know this is not
complete without pepper I'm a eura girl
man I like my pepper I'm going to be
using red pepper as well I told you now
I'm a eura girl I'm also going to be
adding some salt add some onion and we
we are going to add our vegetable oil
you canot use olive oil and you need to
add more vegetable oil so that it will
be a paste you need it to be pasty no
don't add water add vegetable oil this
amount of oil will not make you fat now
I'm going to apply my marinade on my
fish and I'm just going to you know
romance this fish because I want it to
be delicious I rub it everywhere up down
inside out I'm going to put it
everywhere the spice can
enter this fish reminds me of the fish I
used to eat in worry which I was trying
to create or recreate the kind of fish
experience I have in worry worry um fish
the barbecue fish especially catfish
always tastes so good and that's because
sometimes they put this pepper soup
Spice in it you guys don't know but
that's what they put sometimes so that's
the um taste and the texture I'm going
going for and it turned out so well but
let me allow you see what I'm doing so
I'm just stuffing everything like I told
you everywhere this spice can enter I'm
going to put except the head because I
don't like head or
fish oh gosh so I'm just going to you
know continue to rub the spices and then
transfer to the
grill so after transferring the fish to
the oven I'm going to put aluminum foil
paper underneath because I don't want to
clean this cooker after I finished even
though it is inevitable I'm going to
still clean it after about 10 or 7
minutes actually you open it and you put
some of that marinade again so that it
will enter and then you flip the fish to
the other side and allow to grill again
for about 7 8 minutes and then your fish
is ready like in less than 20 minutes
sister this is the kind of fish that you
cook for your husband he will request to
pay your diary again again and again and
if you're looking to add some wife
material or some husband material to
what you have this is at least
guaranteed 50 yards of wife material or
husband material don't cook this for
somebody that you don't want to be crazy
about you that is the warning I hope you
guys like this recipe don't forget to
click the like button and subscribe and
I'll see you guys in my next video Happy
Easter