I'm Jackie I have Makayla helping me
behind the camera tell them hi Michaela
hey guys alright today we're going to
talk on talk about hair on leather we
have lots of different types of leather
that we sell with the hair still on it
one of the most popular things and
probably the things people will think of
first when we talk about hair on is cow
these beautiful hair on cow rugs we have
a big variety of them and they're on
sale at the leather guy these three
tables have a wide variety of the
different types of cows as far as
Brendel and tricolor on the speckled we
even have some Brazilian they're gonna
be anywhere from 35 to 40 square feet
every height is one hundred and ninety
dollars I do have I think six hides that
are Brazilian and so they have a very
unique pattern to them and those are two
hundred and fifty dollars but you can
check all of these out at the leather
guy under hair on cow continuing on with
hair on cow we do have something to step
down from the full rugs
by the way the full rugs a lot of people
will use them as rugs as bed covers wall
coverings
some people will upholster with them
they'll make pillows some people cut
them up and do embellishments they'll do
belts wallets bags purses guitar straps
and then we have a wide variety of
jewelry uses for them that we have
people make with them so large large
variety of any of the hair on leather
that we talked about today it can be
used of these purposes a step down from
the full rugs are gonna be projects
pieces and here's an example of a
project piece I don't have a ton of
these right now I'm on the website but I
do have a few if you want to check those
out say if somebody has you know a bar
stool that they want to recover this may
just be a really nice piece so it's
bigger than scrap but much smaller than
an actual on full rug that you would be
able to purchase the project pieces
range in size from about two square feet
to about five square feet and I think
they're right around 7 750 a square foot
um next up for here on cow and we offer
several different varieties of scrap and
hair on cow so I want to talk about
those today one of our first listings is
de four seven five nine one it's five
dollars and seventy five cents and it's
a blue and black listing of hair on cows
so this is dyed
see that blue kind of nice and I wanted
to show you what the piece sizes look
like and kind of what you're gonna get
for one pound so basically for one
pounds you're gonna get four to five
pieces of this looks like we're getting
five pieces in this one pound and again
if somebody's doing costs if they're
doing jewelry anything like that this is
a nice assortment and you get several
different pieces made out of this for
just the five dollars and seventy five
cents so this is the black and blue
listing it's de four seven five nine one
you could check that out that's hair on
cow that's the one pounds listing
alright next I want to talk about unique
it's hair on cow but it's Anna cheetah
print now this is much smaller would
work great for people that are making
jewelry it's half a hand to my hand size
so if I put my hand on it it's right
around that size this is what one pounds
would look like so you get this many
pieces for one pound it is transitions
from color so you have some dark and
then it transitions to a little bit
lighter and then the white and cream and
this is what you would get as far as
piece size and how much you would get
for one town the hair on scrap is ta one
two eight five five and it sells for
five dollars and seventy five cents a
pound as well so you're gonna get a lot
of project pieces out of this for just
the five dollars and seventy five cents
at next we are gonna talk about small
tear on Cal project pieces this is five
dollars a pound and this is perfect for
somebody who wants to make jewelry but
wants the natural cow colors these are
very small pieces but if you're just
doing earrings or a ring
um cuff things like that this is gonna
give you a wide variety of all different
types of shapes and colors all right
last but not least we have just our
normal here on Cal scrap lifting and
here's the piece sizes that it is with
this listing seven dollars and fifty
cents and you are gonna get about two
pieces of pound so if you want to want a
wide variety of the different colors and
shapes of this type of hair on Cal
you're gonna probably want to try to get
around three pounds and it comes in lots
of different colors and you can see all
of those on our website so it's just a
wide variety normally about two pieces
of this is gonna be about a pound so
remember if you want to order and get
several different on varieties make sure
you get at least three pounds to make
that happen so that's hair on cows crap
[Music]