what is going on guys so excited for
today spring is on its way
supposed to be high of 60 degrees today
so I'm doing some fishing I'm gonna go
for some trout for sure and maybe some
sturgeon maybe some golden trout we'll
just have to see what goes down but yeah
some trout fishing for sure and then all
the rest of species will see
wait I see there's a sturgeon a really
small one a really really small sturgeon
laying right there you see that dark
shape against the water that's a
sturgeon let's try for him okay so for
that sturgeon I have on a brand new
underwater camera and press the little
record button and it is recording so
screw the lid on real tight this is a
new camera called a go fish cam it's a
brand new and so I'm gonna try this for
the first time and I mean new not just
to me but new to the market in general
so so it's being improving on the water
wolf camera actually tried the water
wolf camera and it stinks to say the
least I have seen there's a frog right
down there that is the second one I have
seen here I didn't know frogs would come
out this early
all right so the underwater camera is
down
does he have it
got him
look stirred it I don't know if the
underwater camera got it but that's
sweet
I waited and I waited creak stirred this
is sweet
first sturgeon of the year for me if I
can land it
hopefully that underwater camera got it
you gotta be careful with this because I
don't want him to get off yeah I don't
want to lose my underwater camera now I
do have a way lighter leader on for the
key underwater camera so look at that
beautiful sturgeon right in this little
tiny Creek no there we go turn him
around
nope this way this way this way nobody
wants to come down this will just come
down right
got it I touched him here we go there we
turn him over on their back and they go
docile cool oh look the hook just came
right out look at that beautiful
sturgeon first sturgeon of the year for
me first Creek sturgeon that is so cool
beautiful fish probably about four feet
long I'm guessing okay I love their
mouths they have no teeth or anything
they're just like the vacuum cleaners of
the bottom Wow take him out of the water
wait till he stops thrashing now I'm
measuring recording my fishing line all
right this is not gonna be exact but
quitting a fish rod right to the butt of
it about one to about half way half way
past
well maybe less than half way about to
the second guide maybe an inch or two
past the second guide look there he goes
right back to the creek for someone else
to catch that is great
alright let's measure I have this tape
measure with me it's an olden it's four
feet like two inches past the second
guide so yeah right at four feet AG in
fact like almost exactly four feet sweet
first sturgeon of the year four feet
long right in this Creek
Oh first fish caught also using the go
fish camp I have no guarantees about the
the how the footage is going to turn out
underwater footage is so much harder
than it looks but hopefully we got some
good stuff so I get to review it at home
well guys that is pretty sweet first
sturgeon of the year explore the rest
this Creek fish for a couple of the
trout but the trout are really skittish
so all off to another one of my favorite
trap spots if you watch my channel
you'll recognize this place it's pretty
sweet
behold the waterfall
at first glance you don't see any trout
down there which surprises me normally
you only see the golden trout swimming
around I'm a dufus I actually see a
trout actually see two and they look
like nicely they're two of them down
there almost in the white phone alright
guys so this spot is just it's amazing
look how clear the waters there's
actually a spring that runs in right
here and that's why the water is so
clear and then there's those waterfalls
and they're just loads of trout I know
right and those waterfalls but what am I
gonna do first is I'm gonna go back to
my vehicle and I'm actually gonna grab a
net I can net because normally I when I
come here before I've only got small
trout but last time I was here it was
the middle of winter and I cast right in
waterfall I got one bite the whole time
but it was like a trout I'm not joking
it was like 30 inches it snapped my line
and got away I was using just a little
you know like light line camera how like
those super light with a jerkbait on it
so just snap and in god wait it was a
biggest trout I've ever probably ever
had on and so what I'm gonna do is go
back to my vehicle and get a net that I
brought with me for easier landing in
case I do hook up on the really big
trout
all right I have my net closed right
here waterfall right there I see a trout
right there
pretty nice one
I've got to show you what guys what I'm
using I'll show you as a second got one
right away first cast
look at that this is a beautiful fish
yes right away I didn't even show you
guys what I was using check this out
beautiful trout I hurt I mean five
seconds maybe lying in the water just a
few jerks I already got this beautiful
trout look at that that is fantastic
I want to say this the first trout of
the year but it's not look at that mouth
on it
lately it's like it I'm pretty sure I
don't know my steel head and stuff that
well wow you know what I don't think I'm
gonna keep this actually this is too
beautiful
yeah you know what for this one great
you know watch I'm not gonna catch
another one that's the day no I'm pretty
confident I'm actually gonna let this
fish go
look how beautiful that vision takes
something out of a field Stream magazine
[Music]
theory you
[Music]
well this is what I meant to show you
guys before I caught that fish this is
just this little sinking rope all a
jerkbait and I really catch some nice
trout on this one so my favorite big
trout baits that fish it's just like too
beautiful to keep I mean normally I'm
all for eating fish and I don't really
care but I don't know there's just that
was so beautiful and I feel like I can
catch more but sometimes
 alright so this is my go-to when a
fishings a little bit tough I was here a
little green and yellow rooster tail
it's like three sixteenth ounce let's
see if that gets any something in these
trout might be just a little bit
sluggish if if the water is really cold
alright little spinner out
got one
well he's a feisty one swimming right
toward me not a big guy
not sure why I'm using the net but noise
hmm little on the smaller side one more
hook
look at that beautiful beautiful little
trout
I don't know
he got all three hooks really good but
he seems to be fine
so I'm gonna let him go just a little
bit too small you might want a bigger
one to eat
there he goes excellent second trout of
the day let's get a bigger one I need
one to keep and eat because I planned on
having my dinner a trout dinner so what
I'm gonna do here is tried fishing with
this spinner a little while more nothing
on it I'm gonna switch it some more
flashy I think that one's just too
subtle a silver one here see if that
gets anything
we are going to give her again
a lot of flash son
of southern he's in that light fishing
though
on the very first path right is very
easy oh I'll let it go I'm gonna catch
plenty more
[Music]
forty minutes using different lures top
the cheap route but seven
[Music]
but you go to
he's a worm on
[Music]
not shoot mister
I left my worm on somehow that doesn't
happen very often for trout leaves your
worm on
got it
it's a good one it's a good one
overdue that a hope of all it's a great
one
oh man do you see this look at these
chumps yes yes yes look at that
beautiful trout hook comes out look at
this fish
we're have some lunch today actually
it's more like dinner time
rainbow trout yet some dinner night
[Music]
whoa I was flipped out
take my street here I love the stream
this is a paracord paracord stringer
East stringer it's called made by Ethan
karsts Karsten I think that's your name
Ethan Carson he sent me one of these
said I wish you try my homemade
Streeters I said I would I love them
I'll put a link to them in the
description their paracord but they
sawed the clips so they're great for a
great for trout especially look at that
guy
it's probably like 17 18 inches all
right
so I have on another were just regular
worm and on a hook little switch shop
cast it out in the current about a
simple fishing as it gets
[Music]
[Music]
and another great gift route perfect he
decide
[Music]
rainbow trout there we go two trout
beautiful
what a great day of fishing man I love
this
another worm on
like so
for whatever it's worth if you guys are
new I know I have a lot of people who
say they're new to fishing and they're
watching my channel
I always retie whenever I catch a nice
fish like that when I'm using light line
I always retie because a lot of times
during the fight and while you're
landing the fish your line might get
some mix in it and so well there's a
trapper who just came out their top I
don't know if you saw that but you'll
have your line can get nicks in it and
stuff especially light line and then on
your next fish there's a that one
there's a weak spot in the line it's
another one good one
oh he got off
left me a lot of the worm though that
wasn't a giant looked at me about 12
inches or so
but this is a little guy here
the little tyke
and he swallowed it
hmm no way I'm getting that one out well
I'm keeping this trout not a big one but
he since he swallowed it he's not gonna
have that good of a chance so I'm gonna
kill him real quick
yeah he's bleeding all over
not a giant but fizzy swallow down
Nikita's guys
great
here
were there
[Music]
we repeat though I just it swam away I
saw a huge trout there's a sucker fish
right there I just saw a huge trout
right there gosh there are fish all over
whenever I've come here it's been all
washed out um everything's kind of
messed up so I've never fished at this
spot but this looks superb clean some
fish here look at that guy's three
beautiful trout I'm going straight for
the big one first it's a simple gut just
gonna cut the head off throw that out
there for all of the sturgeon cut down
backside me and that looks so good looks
like the meat the meat is pink not super
pink like it can be sometimes good it's
pink just like that that is so cool
nice big set a nice big trout there do
these other ones get cooking
this is that small and I had to keep so
I just kind of cut its head open they're
a little bit and they're way down in the
throat is the hook and it still has the
worm on it too
it's crazy and look at that that's some
Idaho silver right there that's what I'm
talking about
alright guys so I'm just going to cook
these these fish on this little compact
travelers cook set that I have here this
is the propane here I got the extra
small can this time so you get actually
small can of propane and it fits if you
don't have that much room if it's easier
into your backpack and stuff and then I
have here this is the actual stove top
and then since it is a little bit breezy
and cut the windshield on this
lilius there
there we go set the frying pan right on
top perfect
I'm gonna do something a little bit
different this new room I'm gonna cut
the fish like nerdy but sandwich out of
it so have some bread here
I'm gonna take my yes I'll take my
fillet knife that's the only knife I
brought just spread some butter on the
bread any germs on there will cook off I
think so a light skimming of butter on
both sides of the bread and then we're
gonna stick it on there and what I'm
gonna do is I'm going to toast the bread
first and I'm going to cook the fish
now I've hit the fish on the toasted
bread with lettuce and tomato and have
some mayonnaise packets will make a nice
fish sandwich
this summer guys you have to do this
yourselves gotta try it
summer 2018 is the first time you want
to did a catch and cook catch you can
catch a bluegill bluegill are easy to
catch even if you don't know much about
fishing just get a worm catch a cuddle
bluegill cook them up while you're out
there bring couple your friends it is
everybody I promise we've taken some
friends with us um they're taking girls
with us who've never done anything like
that before you barely even fish so I
fished once with my grandpa before but
took him out caught trout and I cooked
it up over a fire right on the river and
they talked about that for years
afterwards they thought that was so fun
and they weren't even like outdoorsy
girls
look at that just lightly toasted not
bad
she's a little excessively huh oh yeah
and we add our kraut that's what I'm
talking about
add the salt to the inside got to do
that I don't know why I'm forgetting
that lately forget to add this seasoning
before I put it on there it's like I get
too excited I don't want my butter to
burn that's what I do is I need to
season it first thing I'm just using
today I've used this like three times in
a row now I love this stuff
this is just Cajun blackened seasoning
it is delicious but tomorrow will be a
new favorite but right now I'm digging
that stuff
then I'm gonna add to the bread it's a
nice layer of mayonnaise there best
foods man is my favorite then I'll add
to the sandwich some a little lettuce
[Music]
and some tomato boom and a boom and a
little salt to the tomatoes look at that
the blackened seasoning it's light brown
on the skin all right so I gotta have a
bite
IRA got him now
I always eat before it's done cooking
probably not a good idea if I can't help
it
yeah see just steal right along the edge
there where there are no bone
[Music]
three
so good I'm gonna do is while it's still
cooking on the other side a little bit
more don't take these thin parts off and
I'm having to my sandwich I'm just
tearing the meat away here do you still
see the rib bones are left right there
you definitely don't want bones in our
sandwich look at that funny I love about
trout is when it cooks the meat in
general except for that little part
there the meat just comes away from the
bones no problem
look at that with crispy skin my mouth
is literally watering it right now every
restaurant I go to they never add enough
fish to a fish sandwich so on this one I
am going to load it up with fish it's
always way too bready there's there's
the bread to fish proportion is just
never right look how this the bones just
come away
with the trout and you do this with like
any trout look at that whole thing just
comes right out
now you just toss that except for that
little piece let the whole thing toss
that there are some gonna be some bones
right along here and then make sure we
got all their ribs oh no we didn't get
one right actually like three right at
the end here so I'll just grab those out
like so add this whole piece boom right
to the top tamp it down that's how a
that's the proportion of fish to bread
boom that's what I'm talking about
alright so another piece of fish on and
I put on now let's try this big sandwich
here
I don't know if it's because I haven't
eaten for like seven hours because this
is just so good
what does is really really good I'm the
first is every bit as thick as the bread
is is the way it should be
I'm a napkin if you love fishy but you
have to do this with your friends this
summer it is so much fun um I grew up
doing stuff like this is my brother all
the time and there's something best
memories we've had it's something worth
not a lot of people are doing it anymore
especially like video games and stuff
but like because it does take a little
bit of work you have to know how to fish
and um and you have to know how to cook
say that as I see my child smoking yeah
you know how to cook someone but you
really you have to try really hard to
mess up a fish like it's hard to mess up
cooking a fish because you're getting
the overcooked and it'll still taste
amazing which is what I do a lot so it
does take a little bit of work to do it
but it's one of those things where when
you go out with your friends and you do
it everybody loves it and it's something
I've done it before
my other teenager and I'm not kidding
for years afterwards everybody the
people we went out with would talk about
it remember when we went out to the
river and we caught we've catch like two
trout even got two small trout when
cooked them up that was so much fun one
time even we brought up playing cards
and we had this little tiny table we
cooked up trout and then we had that we
played cards on this
tiny card table right out on the
riverbank and everybody thought it was
so much fun guys a thank you so much for
hanging out there hope you enjoy have
you enjoyed it - as much as I did
please smash that subscribe button if
you new 2018 is gonna be a great fishing
season see you guys
[Music]