we typically use common names when we
refer to plants really do we resort to
those Latin names very often but
sometimes common names can be confusing
and this plant is a real good example of
that this is called the asparagus fern
now this plant is closely related to the
asparagus that we eat it's the same
genus but it is certainly not a fern
this is a plant that belongs to the lily
family it blooms it makes fruits that
seize here come take a look you can see
looking right down here we've got some
green fruit hanging on this plant and
some bright red fruit you'd never see
anything like this on a true fern so
these are not ferns but they can be used
that way in the landscape or in
containers now the asparagus fern this
species here is called asparagus densa
Flora's comes in two forms this is the
Myers it's also called the Foxtel fern
has these wonderful upright fronds look
how they stand straight up and make a
really really interesting plant the
other form is the spring derive form and
that's the one that you see right here
we typically just call this the
asparagus fern now this is a wonderful
plant for hanging baskets the asparagus
ferns are quite drought tolerant that
makes them really great for hanging
baskets now these plants can be used in
containers or in the ground when planted
in the ground they're Hardy all across
Louisiana but they do freeze back in the
wintertime when they turn brown like
this it's no problem whatsoever they're
perfectly good just cut them back around
about late February or March and they'll
be green and beautiful also malong grow
them in full Sun two parts aid and
you'll be really happy with these tough
resilient plants forget it growing I'm
Dan Gill with the LSU AG center