hey everyone and welcome to cooking
companion TV I'm Jenna Edwards and
you're watching a demo on creamy orzo
this recipe comes from the America's
Test Kitchen family cookbook and give
this video a thumbs up if you like it
orzo if you don't already know is a
pasta like couscous but it cooks a lot
like rice and other grains so we'll
start with mincing and onion which is
really fine dicing and here's a quick
demonstration on the quickest way to
finely dice an onion or even a shallot
remove the ends while keeping the root
intact that's an important part then
slice the onion in half and carefully
cut long lines into the onion
perpendicular to the root and leave
about half an inch of space at the root
this keeps the onion together for easier
dicing and then cut parallel to the root
making even diced pieces and you can use
your fingers to keep the long lines
together now we'll melt some butter in a
large saucepan over medium-high heat add
the onions and some salt and cook until
they're softened about five minutes you
can tell as you stir that fresh onions
have a little crunch to them and when
they've reached a softened State you
won't hear that crunch that is a
softened onion now stir in minced garlic
which you can do on a cutting board or
use a microplane like me which
pulverizes the garlic into a paste and
just stir it in for about 15 seconds
until it's fragrant now stir in the orzo
and cook for about five minutes the
recipe says to cook until most of it is
golden but it already looks golden to me
so nonetheless after five minutes we'll
stir in some broth and then a little
wine
and bring it all to a boil then reduce
it to a simmer and cook until the orzo
is tender and the liquid has been
absorbed about 15 minutes now this
reminds me of risotto but with
significantly less effort so maybe you
want to try some risotto flavors with
this orzo technique also if you use a
vegetable broth through orzo may look
different than mine I have a homemade
chicken stock which is quite gelatinous
and that makes this extra creamy now
seasoned with salt and pepper and it's
ready to serve so that's it for this
recipe demo of creamy orzo get the full
recipe at cooking companion tv.com and
subscribe to this channel for more
recipe demos just like this I'm Jenna
Edwards and thanks for watching
[Music]