what's going on YouTube hope you guys
are doing well wanted to make a quick
video couple weeks ago was detailing my
car
Subaru that you see behind me and I
noticed that the air intake was
incredibly dirty so as getting dark
really didn't have time to finish
cleaning it so with that being said I
thought to myself you know there might
be a couple kids or a couple of adults
that you know might not have ever
cleaned their intake or just now you
know might be getting their air intake
for the first time so while ninety
percent of you are probably rolling your
eyes at me I realize that not everyone
has cleaned it there is a wrong and a
right way in and cleaning this intake so
just wanted to walk you through the
process that I use to clean it and
hopefully you guys will be able to
implement into your daily routine as
well so the first thing you guys are
going to want to do is remove anything
that's going to obstruct you removing
this intake from your engine bay
wherever it is on your vehicle for me I
have this air induction that was you
know came factory with the car I left it
on there for airflow purposes to the
intake first thing I'm going to do is
remove all the plastic and rubber
grommets it's quick and easy just take
the flathead pop them up remove the
plastic grommets then you're just going
to simply remove whatever unit you have
you know like I said it's going to be
different for you to make a model of the
vehicle second thing is you're going to
start unscrewing with whatever it is the
flat head or the Phillips start removing
your metal clamp that you know holds
that the air intake filter on whatever
unity you have you know I grew up with a
EMS engine intakes whatever it is this
particular one for my Subaru WRX
is a cob unit short ran intake that
feeds the turbo itself so what you're
going to want to do once you get it
loosened you know kind of get your tool
out the way but kind of be very careful
whenever you're removing it because you
do not want to damage the air filter
itself and interrupt any of the air flow
here I'm just kind of giving you guys an
idea the shape that it was in I'm going
to show you a better visual here right
now with my DSLR camera but the air
filter is really really dirty I haven't
cleaned it in probably three or four
months so there's some debris that's
heavily embedded in the air filter
itself the next step you guys are going
to want to take is actually to just
knock free you need loose debris that's
on this filter and while I realize you
might not be able to see it visually on
the camera but I can see little bugs
dirt other pieces debris fall out this
intake and like I said once you loosely
kind of go through and knock everything
out what you're going to want to do on
the next step for the items that don't
fall out is actually remove it using
your hose pipe so that'll be the next
step that we cover chances are whoever
you purchase the air filter from is
going to have some type of cleaning
solution if you don't have one I'd
recommend maybe going down to advance
auto or autozone and picking up an air
filter cleaner for your car the one that
I have comes with the cob air intake
itself and they recommend that you
actually spray the air cleaner on before
you do the the rents which makes sense
because you're going to want the
solution to sit in there for about ten
to fifteen minutes and let it you know
absorb through the cotton filter before
you do the the washing the rinsing of
the filter now that the cleaning
solution has had a chance to sit and do
it it's magic so to speak for the last
10 to 15 minutes it's now time to flush
out that solution and whatever debris
that might be still trapped in the
filter that you I cannot see it's time
to flush that out as well so what you're
going to want to do is grab your hose
pipe you know make sure the water is not
ice cold for the fibers what you're
going to want to do is stick that inside
the filter itself and flush it out from
the inside of the filter out and the
reason why I want to
all that out is if you were to actually
do with the opposite way and spray it
there's a good chance that some of that
debris that could be trapped in there
you're just embedding that even further
so that's the last thing you want to do
so simply you know grab the hose pipe
keep flushing it out you know it's going
to take several minutes to make sure you
get up and down each one of the grooves
taking your time and doing a thorough
job to make sure you get all the debris
out of there so once you do that the
next thing you're going to want to do is
lightly you know shape free any of the
loose water that's sitting in the filter
the reason for that is by shaking it
it's going to obviously help it dry a
lot faster so once you've done that the
next step you're going to want to do is
set it somewhere up high where the Sun
can get to it and where there's a nice
breeze so it can thoroughly dry it you
know natural way I've seen some guys you
know take a air hose I'm not saying
that's right or wrong but you know if
you do that there's a good chance you're
going to pull apart some of those fibers
on this next step I am making sure that
I'm starting in one spot I always start
where this metal band is just that way I
kind of know where to end up but the
goal here is to thoroughly apply the oil
and I go in streaks and the oil is going
to kind of get everywhere guys it
depends on you know which make a model
you're using of the oil itself but the
goal here is to really make sure you do
a really good job of oiling the fibers
once it's completely dried you know
you're going to have some overspill
which you see right here and you'll be
able to wipe that up but like I said
just make sure you completely oil your
filter so that whenever it it's time
whenever it's completely dried the oil
has a legitimate shot at doing this job
okay that's the ultimate goal is to
properly clean it and to make sure the
oil can do this job like it's supposed
to and I'm just now going back around I
hit hit the same spot the metal band
where I started I'm going to go back
around and make sure there's no obvious
gaps where I might have missed I see a
small one right here actually
okay like I said you're going to have
some overspray you're just going to
allow this to sit like I said in the
previous step somewhere up high where he
can dry naturally then you can take a
towel and wipe all this excess off you
see it on my hands right it happens
hopefully you guys now can tell that the
air filter is completely dried and it
now has a surprising dark blue tint
which is the complete opposite of the
way it looked you know the first segment
of the video you know it was completely
brown had bugs dirt debris in it what
have you not and now the filter just
looks brand-new the way it came straight
out of the box coming down the
homestretch the last thing you're going
to want to do is you know reverse
engineer it so to speak so you're going
to want to work backwards for wherever
you started at the beginning of your car
by taking off you know a couple of the
obstacles that might might have been
your way first thing you're going to
want to do however is put on the air
filter here you'll see that I've put on
the metal clamp and I am gently sliding
it over the intake inlet itself and the
reason why I'm saying gently is I don't
want to bend or cause a kink in the
actual air filter itself I don't want to
disrupt the airflow so I'm taking my
time putting it on there and then you
see me here you know kind of screwing it
down firm will where the filter itself
will not wiggle or budge whenever I'm
under boost here you'll see me start to
slide on the factory air box Inlet
that's going to my cob intake you know
kind of like I mentioned at the
beginning of the video this is where the
air flows going directly to the air
filter before I'm closing the hood I'm
making sure that I'm doing a decent job
of putting in those plastic clips that
have the rubber grommets underneath it
you just want to make sure those are
secured whenever you go to start the
engine next time alright guys hope you
enjoyed this crash course on how I
cleaned the air filter of my Subaru WRX
this is universal you know if you have
another vehicle that has a air intake
chances are you're going to be able to
utilize the same steps that I have
important things to you know keep in
mind don't use a air hose you know make
sure everything's for thoroughly dried
use a proper cleaning kit if you can
get your hands on one do not use motor
oil transmission oil or wd-40 I call
that out because I have seen it done no
I'm not kidding I really have seen it
done
so anyway if you learned something from
today you know click the like button hit
the subscribe button you know the
majority of these videos that are going
to be on my channel or strictly car
builds car reviews but hey I figured why
not since I had the time and needed to
get this done figured out help some
people out so until next time peace