all right well the day has come where
dad's work schedule got switched this
week so he gets a day off turn the week
but we gotta clean everything up so the
girls are still going to daycare so I
can get something done he had to work on
Sunday this week so she doesn't seem
right does it who remembers when stores
were closed down Sundays and Sunday was
the day off the day of rest the way it
should be so that's where Sunday Funday
came in was a long time ago and no one
had to work on Sundays who thinks we
should go back to all the stores being
closed on Sundays leave a comment below
share this and let's see if we can get
something done
okay so today I have the day off of work
but I have another job today we have to
clean the deck see how a bunch of brown
spots on it we've got some composite
decking and it's stained up
does it look too bad when it's dry but
when it's wet it looks real bad so I did
my test spot right there which I know
some people probably say you should not
supposed tested in middle I didn't i
justed it right here so it should look
pretty nice once it's done it says it's
going to take a few times - it's going
to take a few times to treat it to get
it all looking super clean so it's been
a hot one so far but we're just about
done with the second coat and you can
kind of see how it's starting to lighten
it up a little bit but this is what it
should look like when it's all done so
we'll check back later it's been going
pretty good I mean it's a lot more work
when you buy this stuff they say it it's
virtually maintenance-free and and it's
like it virtually cleans itself - but
not still there's still maintenance
involved in it but I am using this
Thompson's WaterSeal deck wash which is
fairly cheap this smells like bleach or
chlorine it's turning out pretty good
but like I said it does make it really
white really white when it's all done so
it's basically with that deck wash you
mix it half water half deck wash spray
it on I just got a little prayer deck
walk on it and write it down spray it so
then I spray it again with some more
deck wash and then you let it sit for
about five or ten minutes it kind of
looks consistency
and then I scrub it with the brush right
here until it looks real clean and then
you spray it off and then you treat it a
couple more times so a little bit more
work but I mean it does look a lot
better you can already see that there's
no not very many spots here and it looks
like camouflage right there I mean it's
not that bad when it's dry but as soon
as it gets wet bang camouflage so we'll
check in at the end here yes I'm doing
this I remember when we bought these
boards they were the old-style
composite boards the new ones they have
a groove down the side of them so that
you can use the fancy clip so you don't
have the screw holes in the face of the
board place these are all screwed down
but there's no screw holes so what we
had to do is we had to take the table
saw and run the board on end on both
sides and we had to do each side twice
to make the groove so we've got a
boatload of boards that go all the way
down the deck and around the front of
the house that we had to run the saw
down four times a piece and
just reminding me how tedious this deck
was it definitely turned out really nice
just letting it suds up then we'll scrub
the snot out of it and we'll get back to
cleaning the day okay so I've been hard
at it longer than I want it to be but um
it's coming along pretty good I'm going
to show you guys what it looks like now
this is taking forever so basically the
end the real light part that's what it
looks like if you clean it five times
when it's dry and then this next part
will go real close this is five times
the clean in it when it's dry this is
five times cleaning it when it's wet and
then the rest of it that's wet this is
all been cleaned about three times and
then this is twice and then this is if
you clean it once and then this is what
it looks like when it's dry when it's
been cleaned once it's still kind of
spotty but it does look a lot cleaner
the green is all gone off of it okay so
we're done with the deck this is what
it's going to look like when it's dry
well - the footprint this is what it'll
look like when it's wet so it's still
pretty brown it's a little lighter over
there than I thought it was going to be
but at least it's not spotty anymore so
there you have it composite decking
virtually maintenance-free well I hope
you enjoyed today's video and found it
helpful if you did give it a thumbs up
by the way I have no handyman I just
happen to be doing this today and did a
video about it we are documenting the
journey of our twin girls growing up
because we've talked to a lot of
families who had twins and they say that
you won't remember the first two years
so we're posting videos every once in a
while so if you want to join our journey
hit that subscribe button and if you
want to see yesterday's video the link
is down in the description box below
also there's a mystery video and there's
always thanks for watching