hey guys it's Jessica and welcome back
to the sugar crystal kitchen I'm really
excited about today's recipe because
it's the first time on this channel that
we're going to be making an ice cream
cake and not just any ice cream cake
we're going to be making an Oreo ice
cream cake so let's get right into the
recipe so first off you're going to need
some cakes and I've already pre-made
these chocolate cakes and if you guys
are interested in the recipe I will
leave that in the description box below
so basically I baked the cake batter in
two separate batches in my six inch cake
pan and I line that with parchment paper
obviously to make sure that the cake
comes out nice and clean and to make
sure that the cake is nice and leveled
for frosting I take a cake leveler and
sliced off the top so now that we have
leveled our cheeks i just set them
outside to cool for about 15 minutes
before working with the ice cream and
here I just have my six inch cake pan
again lined with two thick layers of
plastic wrap and I placed in my first
layer of chocolate cake along with about
a third of a pint of Oreo ice cream and
I just smooth that all out with my
spatula now that that's done we're going
to place on our second layer of
chocolate cake and I'm just going to
cover this with some plastic wrap
because after all this is an ice cream
cake and we're going to need to place
this into the freezer to let it chill
for at least two to three hours
after letting our cake chill and set up
in the freezer we can now remove it from
the cake pan and just use the plastic
wrap to help you do that and even though
I didn't film this I did whip up two
cups of heavy cream along with a quarter
cup of granulated sugar and vanilla
until it reached zip Peaks and now we're
just going to use that whipped cream to
frost our Oreo ice cream cake so using
an offset spatula and a cake turntable
to help us frost our cake we're just
going to place a dollop of cream in the
center and we'll work it towards the
edges until you reach the outside of the
cake don't forget to clean up the
turntable once in a while and now that
we're done with our first layer of cream
we're just going to gradually add on
some more to ensure that everything
looks nice and smooth and again since
this is an ice cream cake we have to
make sure the ice cream is nice and
chilled so I did place this back into
the freezer for about 15 minutes to let
it harden before working on my second
layer of cream at this point we're
basically done with the whipped cream
and all that's left to do is to clean up
the top and for that just gently glide
your offset spatula over the surface of
the team now it's finally time to start
decorating so in a small ziplock bag I
have some chocolate ganache that I put
together which was just a quarter cup of
cream heated with two tablespoons of
chocolate and I'm just using this to
drizzle some chocolate down the sides my
cake to make this chocolate chip cake
effect with that same chocolate ganache
I'm just piping a few horizontal lines
and a few vertical lines to create this
beautiful crosshatch design on the top
of my cake now with a piping bag filled
with that whipped cream that we made
earlier and fit it with a closed star
tip I'm just going around the edge of my
cake creating a border with these
whipped cream swirl
now lastly I'm just going to adorn this
cake with some mini Oreos in between
each dollop of cream and on the bottom
as well we're just going to add some
crushed up Oreos and that is it I really
hope you guys give this recipe a try
because the cookies and cream ice cream
cake is so delicious
the fluffy chocolate cake with that
sweet Oreo ice cream and the whipped
cream is just heavenly together and of
course you guys can serve this cake
immediately or if you don't plan on
doing that you guys can always place it
into the freezer and take it out
whenever you're ready to enjoy it but
that is it for this video I hope you
guys liked it don't forget to leave me a
thumbs up and subscribe if you have it
already and I will see you all next time
bye guys
[Music]