you've successfully cooked a delicious
meal and it smells great whether this is
your first attempt at cooking or it's a
million's homemade dish any cook knows
that awful smell that lingers long after
the meal is done onions onions make our
food aromatic and full of Labor but no
doubt will it stink up your home your
breath and especially your hands you can
put on the fan even pop a breath mint
both that onion smell on your hand what
go away no matter how many times you
wash your hands why does this happen and
what can eliminate that oniony aroma
onions release enzymes which convert its
amino acids love oxides into sulfenic
acid which makes even the toughest cook
fry that same chemical will stick to
your skin and will stay there until
something else neutralizes the acid a
feat not easily met other foods with
severe properties include garlic
shallots leeks and chives regular old
soap isn't strong enough to get that
stink out and there's tons of ridiculous
remedies that claim to help the smell
but no one wants to smear peanut butter
all over their hands and washing with
vinegar might get rid of the onion smell
but now your hands smell like vinegar
luckily there's an all-natural product
that can safely neutralize any smells
lingering from your cooking the
environments liquid soap utilizes earth
minerals and gentlemen greedy ensue
create an effective soap that can
destroy even the strongest kitchen odors
left on your hands here's Kyle with some
more information about this awesome
product
[Music]
the enviro cleanse liquid hand soap is a
great product for a lot of different
applications when you may encounter
smelly things while you're out and about
it consists of just a few simple
ingredients castile soap vegetable
glycerin water and our high surface area
metal oxide materials and it's this
combination of odor elimination
technology with nice gentle products
that make for a great everyday hand soap
for example if you're at the gas station
filling up your car and you get gas on
your hands just grab this keep it in
your car keep it in your purse quickly
go in lather up your hands rinse off the
product and it's gonna eliminate those
odors can be used in the garage for all
the different fuels and oils and gases
that you may have around or if you get
household cleaning chemicals on your
hands this product can neutralize all
those different sources