welcome to my youtube channel please
click subscribe to get updates and new
videos but today I'm going to show you
how to get the whitest whites that you
possibly can and it's not going to take
very much for you to accomplish this all
of these products though are things are
ones that you will need so what I do to
get my whites their widest is first of
all I start with this now I pick this
bucket up at Walmart less than $10 and
you can see that the handles have broken
off down here so maybe not the best
thing to use to carry heavier things in
but what I do is I put the the whites
into here and then what I do after that
or sometimes I'll mix it up before I put
them in is I'll either take white bright
or I will take oxy cleans white revive
this isn't the bucket obviously it's
just being used for loans and stuff but
this stuff works really really well and
in fact between the two I might go with
the oxy clean why because there's more
of it and you can vary the amount of the
scoop that you have whereas this one
really really wants you to use about a
half cup for every time you use it
well you're not able to tell that I came
through the light that I've gotten to
uses out of it and it's already down to
about they're doing a half a cup at a
time
so Pennywise it's not the best option
although it does work really really well
so what I do is I put the solution make
the solution here I'm really lucky
because the water out of this sink comes
out very very hot but I have even gone
upstairs and in the basement I've even
gone upstairs and used
hot water boiled hot water both in a pot
and then the kennel brought them down so
I can get them as hot as possible you
don't need to do that if you have
something like this but if you don't you
will need to have something where you
can soak your clothes for a decent
period of time
now that decent period of time is going
to depend on which products you use and
for instance with this one OxiClean they
recommend soaking for six hours or as
with white out white bright they only
roughly recommend soaking for 20 minutes
big difference if you're doing a lot of
laundry you're just sitting around at
home you're taking care of some other
chores whatever then this is perfectly
fine go ahead and use it but otherwise
if you want to do something quick and
dirty although maybe a little bit more
expensive per ounce then you want to go
with the out wipe right so I'll soak
them for the requisite amount of time
and then I'll transfer all of the in you
can hear in there it's already being the
this load is going on put them in here
and I'll use whatever laundry to church
and happens to be at hand
sometimes it's tied sometimes homemade
stuff sometimes sis stuff from Aldi but
in any event you want to just keep it
doesn't the detergent I have found at
least doesn't really matter now maybe
you have found something different and
if so go ahead and post in the comments
that's a great thing but right now I
have it so now it's washing but before I
close the lid what I did was I took some
bleach and this is just Walmart's basic
lavender bleach I love the smell of
lavender and so that's why I got this
but I'll put about a quarter cup or so
into the dispenser here along with the
detergent and then I will keep it and
you know keep it going let it wash that
way so I've gotten rid of a lot of the
din genus that will
that has accrued or that would have
accrued if I just wash it normally with
the solution I'm further fighting that
Din genus and gray gray is just because
I hate dingy gray whites and if you're
like me so do you and done that with the
bleach the third step though the final
step is perhaps the most important I
have found and it's very difficult to
find this product my mom used to get it
from the grocery store when I lived in
Southern California that was a teenager
used to be able to find this pretty
readily and grocery stores and indeed on
their website they'll tell you that you
can find it in your local grocery store
at least I found that on several
occasions however going in there and
looking assiduously top to bottom front
to back etc I never find it
so what I ultimately did was broke down
suppose you could go to your grocery
store manager and say please order this
for me but I broke down got some online
it came and what you do is you take this
hastily cold water not hot you take cold
water you fill up your bottle this is an
old gatorade bottle somehow or another
the cap is gone missing that doesn't
matter this lasts a long time because
you only use up to a quarter teaspoon at
a time most of the time you're just
putting a few drops in be very careful
this stuff stains stains stains really
well somehow or another we were finally
able to get the stain that it made on
the enamel here off I think just over
the course of time but it's certainly
not something you want to get onto your
clothes when they're not already in a
washing machine or want to get onto
white certainly the the blue will never
come out but if you're careful it's not
a problem so any of it you put a few
drops in here up to a quarter teaspoon
just depending on the size of the load
and then you wait I usually set a timer
2025 minutes
back downstairs by that point depending
on the size of my load it's on the rinse
cycle and when the rinse water is
decently filled up then what you do is
you dump the solution in there close the
lid back and what this then does is it
takes away better than any Fuller's
bleach could ever do takes away all the
remaining dizziness and grayness that
might be in there now that it is not
going to work on clothes that are past
the point of no return however if you
use it from the start you know whites
will stay white and they will also give
you brighter dingy gray whites if you
will it does help on no matter what kind
of white that you put in there
so I hope this has been an assistance of
some sort or another please leave me any
comments you like in the comment section
below
that's below right here down below and
subscribe thank you so much have a great
day