success i Rebecca Brannon I'm gonna show
you how to catch Gophers with my
favorite trap
it's the Victor black box trap I've got
big issues with Gophers I've got a huge
yard and with a huge yard it brings
Gophers the secret to getting gopher is
to make sure you have an active tunnel
you can tell that by looking for a mound
of fresh dirt it's a little more moist
than the ones that are older I've tried
all kinds of traps in my life and the
two I'm gonna show you are the ones that
work best I learned how to do pest
control for my brother Brad he's had a
pest control company his entire life
there's a Mac will be trapped but
they're harder to use you need two at a
time pointing down the tunnel in
opposite directions and then you have to
stake it in those are harder for me to
set what I love is this one called the
black box this works better the company
is Victor and I'll put a link in the
description box you can get it I get
them on Amazon it's really easy I make a
dime on each sale it's not that big of a
deal but I wanted to make it easy for
you to buy it you have to dig a hole
with the active gopher tunnels and make
it a big hole so I could film the video
I had a friend do this you need to push
down the rectangular looking thing of
metal and then you bring around the hook
which is the long skinny piece with the
curved in and in that hook you place it
underneath the grasper which is the
other metal piece that comes through the
trap you place the trap in the hole so
that the tunnel is going into the trap
make sure the black hole on the other
side of the trap is available and
pointed up to the sky because they're
gonna want to get in that trap and cover
it up so they have a black tunnel you
don't need any bait for this Victor
black box but on the Maccabee traps you
would you would need to bait it with
something I tend to use cos in use in my
garden their yellow flowered plants they
love that or anything you know a gopher
loves in your garden it's a good thing
to put on top of the hole you don't need
any bait for this Victor black box after
you put the black box in the hole check
to make sure you can see inside the trap
because then you know the Gopher can see
outside and see the light and then you
cover it up with dirt you want the sides
punched in make sure you tie a wire or
string around the side metal piece of
that trap because the Gopher will steal
it and run away with
down the hole and you may never see it
again there are themes this allows you
to pull the trap back out in case a
gopher isn't quite caught and drags a
trap or you know might get caught by a
leg or something this trap I just used a
string I set this top few hours ago all
sign says I've caught the gopher because
the metal bar has risen above the line
of the dirt that means we've had success
and I'm gonna check to see if we got the
gopher we got it this is success see
these works so fast this black box this
one was white it's so old they're my
favorite gopher traps can you believe it
I got him and he was a fatty I should
feel some guilt at this point in my life
but I really don't and the reason is is
they ruin my lawn and they are so bad
for my yard you need to get these traps
to get the Gophers I have a little tie
go and Tiger would bring them in for me
and leave them a little presence in my
house but I go is no longer with me so I
have to do it myself
so now it's time to bury him we got to
get him out of the trap so I'm gonna
press this down in the back and release
him and I just put him in a plastic bag
it's time for the Gopher burial all
God's creatures really belong on our
planet but I'm telling you I had to do
something I cannot let them ruin my lawn
and into the trash she goes life isn't
always pleasant there are some things
you got to do and girlfriends you can do
it by yourself and guys to subscribe to
my channel I'm Rebekah grin and let's
keep finding out great recipes in life
like your recipe to kill a golfer's
[Music]