[Music]
hey YouTube well uh today I'm going to
show how to how to fix back cushions on
a sectional so we have let's see 1 two
three four five six seven back cushions
for a big sectional and my client came
into me uh needing a solution but she
she didn't really want to spend a lot of
money so um it's it's our job as
professional upholsterers to try to work
with people to save a piece of furniture
from the landfill I'm very proud of the
fact that in this particular case um I
gave the customer two options and both
of them were a little expensive and then
I came up with a very creative third
option to fix these back cushions that
as you can see this back cushion really
needs some help so my first
recommendation was a down cushion
like this a down and feather cushion the
best back cushion in existence I don't
care what anybody tells you is 50% down
50% feather that's the great me a great
mix and with bevels you know we have
separations here with with the with the
uh down and feather inside the cushion
the best possible cushion unfortunately
folks they're expensive so that first
option is is off the
board and so the second option I I had
for the customer was what about foam and
dayron and if you're going to do a foam
and dayron cushion
folks you
know you need a good foam you need a
high density poly urane mid mid mid uh
firmness foam that's what I use this is
a cal 117 graded foam so that's also a
bonus but it also provides a little bit
more oomph not a bad filling not my
first choice guess what little bit too
expensive on seven cushions
that option's gone so I thought oh how
am I going to save these cushions cuz
the fabric has some has some life so I
came up with a very creative third
solution so let's just put our cushion
down and show you I want to show you
first look at that cushion uh I'm
getting from the other cushion this is a
this is a redesigned cushion my idea
I'll show you in a minute um what I did
was um added a little a envelope of down
feather that I made and I I was actually
able to get the cost per cushion down to
$50 for this customer per cushion I
think that's a pretty good deal
considering what how we how what the
difference is in price now look the
height it added I mean we're talking
what this looked like originally and and
it really looks like a good cushion I'm
proud of that so let's show you how I
did it so let's put this over
here let's bring our bad cushion up here
again okay so the so let me show you
what I did first is she going to unzip
this when I unzip this for the client I
realize she's got some loose feathers
but that's okay um they sometimes work
them their way through so the original
manufacturer did use down and feather
but they put in a dayron mix in there
that's always a bad idea because what
happens eventually is that the down
feather clings to the dayon and then it
gets to be very lumpy so again the
customer didn't want to spend a lot of
money so I'm not reconditioning what's
there but I'm going to improve it by so
what I did was I made these envelopes
I I got some downproof ticking and I put
some down in here and I closed it all up
to make these little square envelopes
and then what I'm going to do is I'm
going to fold these little square
envelopes into three and then I'm going
to push this
up I'm going to fill the bottom of the
cushion so the nice thing about using
the down is it it really incorporates
the rest of the cushion quite nice so
when I did one I looked at it I closed
it up and I didn't like it I thought I
could I could put
more
so the other one that I did I know that
I want two of these really to get a good
good cushion back so so two of
these you know when you do these
yourself you save a lot of money um you
know so these probably cost me maybe
about 20 bucks each to do and my my
customers I think that's a fair up
charge I'm not you know cuz don't for
forget we're still doing the label for
these I know my customer is going to be
quite happy with the
results so then the trick is to close
the
zipper once in a while something sticks
to the zipper so you have to be careful
make sure that that slide is
free
so the other cushion that I did was a
straight cushion it didn't have a t this
one has a t so I think what I'm going to
do is put a little loose dayron in that
cushion show you I'll show you just to
give it a nice little
finish it's definitely getting the
height back I'm really happy with this
really incorporating itself nicely to
the old manufacturer's filling hold on
one second and come over here and get my
dayron I always keep a handy Supply
dayron
in a bag usually it's scrap day dayon
from other
jobs and what I'm gonna do is I'm Gonna
Fill I'm Gonna Fill the top part of the
tea cushion first flip the cushion and
fill the other side so I'm taking a size
a piece of dayon that looks pretty much
this size and work it
inside I'm going to flip the
cushion and get the OV
push my filling
back close up the
zipper you know sometimes um I'm as
proud of something like this that I've
done as I am for upholstered furniture
you know fully upholstered piece I'll
tell you why because when you look at a
sectional you are talking probably about
60 cubic feet of landfill space that
that would take up now the client was
really on the fence if this was more
than $50 a piece I think that she
probably wouldn't have done it therefore
it would have been thrown away adding to
the landfill I think don't forget folks
pollsters are the best recyclers out
there in my opinion we save we saved
landfill space um combined uh I haven't
added up the numbers but I think it's an
incredible amount so she's happy I'm
happy and the landfill uh people are not
happy but that's that's a good thing for
all of us well I'll see you again