what up guys it's your boy ppap AKA Sam
AKA six reviews coming from Toronto
versus everybody AKA October's very own
AKA Blue Jay's taking it all the way AKA
thank you again for everyone watching
and subscribing and if you guys can for
L
AKA I'm out of breath that's not good
I'm out of shape anyways thank you for
everyone that entered the contest it was
a huge success we had over entries and
after I do this video I'm going to DM
the winner whoever won
congratulations you didn't play yourself
you played and you entered and you won I
don't know what's wrong with me I'm like
next level weird right
now in my previous video between Adidas
and Tech flee you guys gave me more than
150 likes you guys actually killed it it
was like 160 likes you guys killed it
but you guys actually did really good
and so I'm going to share with you guys
my whole Tech police collection and I'm
going to do a little by little I was
just going to like just just scroll
through my closet but you know what I'm
going to actually bring it out here for
you guys give me one second let me let
me go get it for you
guys man I have a lot of tech
please okay so what I'm going to do is
I'm going to share with you guys my tech
please collection kind of one by one
piece by piece and let's see if I forget
anything this is a techfleece t-shirt
these fit a little bit tight if you guys
are going to buy Tech flee t-shirts I
suggest going ala size because they're a
little bit of a tighter fit I went a
large on this this is a large right it's
a little bit tight on me now but I wish
I went extra large on this techically
t-shirt is pretty good again I found
everything here on Below Retail I did
not pay retail for any of my tech fleas
cuz they oversaturated the
market excuse me and uh now there's just
too much Tech pleas up there if you look
closely enough you will find it at uh NE
outlay so here we go another
[Music]
one this is a gray Tech fleece crew neck
this one actually got a lot of
compliments on also I don't know what it
is about the crew neck but yeah they're
an eye catcher this one is actually an
extra large I went up a full like size
on this kind of just like what I should
have with the tech fle
t-shirt cuz I want a little bit of a
looser fit but it is a nice shirt look
at that you got the pockets in the front
Great Tech please it is hot in my house
I got my lights shining in my face I'm
sweating ooh I like this one a lot okay
this is a Nike lab tech police crew neck
again found at the Nike outlet oh so
that crew neck sweater I got for like 30
bucks Canadian this one right here I did
pay a little bit more I think it was
like about 80 bucks Canadian but this
one is a beautiful Nike lab tech fleece
crew neck and I like it it has a zipper
only on the one side on the the left
side and the Nike branding is here it's
all in black it's just a black do Nike
crew neck Tech flee I actually saw
recently uniclo doing their thing and
kind of copying Tech fleece and then you
have like American Eagle I saw that too
I I'm not a huge fan of them copying but
that's this cuz I love my tech pleas
this is another Outlet pickup this is
kind of like a kind of got that that
hotline bling feel in the front with the
techway on the sleeves I actually got a
compliment wearing this yesterday not
saying that I get compliments a lot
because I really don't but sometimes
when I wear clothes that people like
this one's nice this one I did go true
to
size and it looks great on body because
it is time for like this kind of jacket
weather and it's getting cold and I hate
that but I don't mind this coldness I
just don't want the Canadian freezing
winter coldness thing this is dope I
love this one okay
so right here I have all my techfleece
hoodies just my hoodies that I have like
the zipup hoodies I have the black one I
actually have another black one that's
brand new that's just sitting in my
closet but I didn't think I have to
bring that one out it's a little bit
different it's a newer version of the
tech flee maybe I'll do a comparison
video of the newer version and older
version this one just dropped right here
this is my maroon Tech Le I'm pretty
sure you guys have seen me wear this one
too this one always gets a lot of looks
neck Breakers now I would never wear
this with like a maroon like set with
like Maroon Tech F pants whatever guys I
don't like doing that matching tracking
feel unless you're going all
black here we go you got the moon one
here even when all black I don't think I
do it you got the camo one here got this
one at the
outlet look at that dope dope dope dope
dope my T please got my gray one here
simple beautiful Great Tech F you guys
have SE me wear this one
love it love it love it love it love
it you
got this blue one I actually found this
for like about 40 bucks Canadian at the
Nike LA and Niger Falls just because
maybe not everyone loves this blue but
when you're in Toronto you got to love
this color blue because it does
represent the Blue Jays which is if you
guys don't know is the number one
selling ticket in the MLB Toronto Blue
Jays good job for you guys now going to
one of my favorite pieces that I have in
my collection it is this one
oh I just love the colors with the navy
blue and the maroon and the bottom I saw
this one at Nike House of Hoops when it
first came out and I was like man it's
too expensive and then boom you wait a
while you find it out the nikeet with a
little bit of a clearance price with 30%
off cuz this one originally is like over
like I think three bills Canadian around
there but I did not pay anywhere close
to that yes I love this one maybe I'll
wear this one today another one that you
have yet to see on my channel is this
gray Varsity bomber still got a tag on
it cuz I haven't worn it yet but this
one wasn't part of the raffle because
this is the one that I wanted to keep
out of the bunch I think this is the
nicest one sorry guys if that's selfish
of me look at that sexy sexy sexy sexy
sexy hey sorry man that song stuck in my
head love it though love it song and
with that gray one I also have as you
guys know if you guys enter the contest
I have the maroon
one and I
have the
charcoal gray one now if the person that
wins doesn't want one of these Tech FES
I am willing to sell these Tech FES okay
so a medium and a large if they don't
pick each either of the tech FES I'll
let you guys know that these will be for
sale I'll be selling these for let's say
125
USD shipped and that's to wherever you
are if you're in North America if you're
in Asian if you want one of these and
we'll talk about shipping prices after
but this will be 125 USD shift if you
want one of these hit me up and we can
work something out all right guys sorry
if it seems like I rushed that videos
just because I don't want you guys
sitting at home just watching this long
video about me and my tech Lee
collection I went nice and quick showed
you guys my favorite pieces and I think
that's all my tech Lee and my collection
I'm pretty sure it is and if it isn't
then I need to stop buying some tech F
in the comment section below tell me
what piece is your favorite piece and if
you don't own Tech flee I'm going to
suggest that you guys go grab a pair or
get a pair because it is worth it
Comfort wise uh durability everything
Tech please is amazing again I know I'm
going to get questions about the winner
of the giveaway guys just sit tight stay
tuned cuz I will be posting it on
Instagram or I'll be just dming the
person so if you guys don't get a direct
message in your Instagram unfortunately
guys you guys did not win but don't
worry the more that I grow the more
giveaways I'm going to give you guys and
it's going to be more often coming at
quickly let's just help this channel
grow journey to 10K happening I'm going
super speed in this video this is your
boy 6 coming at you from six reviews
what am I going to throw I
don't hey yeah