hey everyone in this video I'm going to
show you how to make another polymer
clay charm and this is actually one that
I've never made before like the charm I
mean so you guys unless you've seen on
Facebook or Instagram you are seeing it
for the first time I have these really
pretty polymer clay roses look how
beautiful they are I think they look
really nice all you'll need for this is
some polymer clay which is oven-baked
clay and it has to have baking
instructions on the package so sculpey
fimo primo there's some other types too
but make sure has baking instructions
bake it in the oven or toaster oven
never microwave don't do the microwave
it won't work out it will just be dumb
and if you want to make it into a cute
little charm then you can get an eye pin
or a head pin from the finding section
of any jewelry store or any store that
carries jewelry making supplies let's
get on to the tutorial and I'll show you
how to make up rows this is a rose color
that I'm using and you may be asking me
what color is that well I'm not sure
because I mixed four different clays
together I use this dusty rose and then
I use these two which don't have a name
but I think this is hot pink and this is
the like sparkly red you know how
there's like a pearl blue it's like the
equivalent of that in red and then I
just used like some type of regular red
so yeah I can't really tell you this
color
oh well basically roses are very very
very easy if you just want a rose like
this with all one color on it then you
just use that one rose color and then
whatever color you want for the leaves
but you can see that this one has black
on the outside and red on the inside so
if you want to do that you'll just need
two different colors and I'll show you
how to make those let me get this back
in here if you want to Rose that's one
color you need to roll out six balls
that are the same size approximately the
same size so just go with this I usually
just roll them out my fingertips or you
can roll them out on the table and sorry
the table is shaking because it's just a
TV tray on carpet but oh well like I
said they don't have to be exactly the
same size and you can use more than six
but I use six for each rose that I show
actually I think I use seven for one of
them anyway it just depends now if you
want to do the two color effect you'll
need twelve balls of clay and you'll
need
six of each color what you're going to
do is you're going to flatten one a
little and then flatten the other one a
little you just smash those two together
and then just keep flattening those two
together to make a petal if you don't
like that one colors hanging off the
side you can just cut that off if you
want and see how there's a little black
hanging off it's up to you it's not that
big of a deal and then you just make a
bunch of these and follow the steps that
I'm about to show you with the regular
colored one with these balls of clay
you're just going to flatten them all
out like I just did I am flattening the
sixth petal and as you can see below my
fingers on the table there are five of
their petals and hopefully you can tell
that they're not exactly the same size
they just have to be approximate not
exact yeah it looks like it fits in this
is the Rose that we're not actually
making but it's just a test to start out
you're just going to roll this flattened
piece onto each other the entire way
so like that then you just kind of fold
over the edges to make it appear more
Pedley so kind of like that then you
just keep wrapping other petals around
it okay now I'm going to show you for
real this is all going to be the entire
Rose alright so I'm just taking this and
rolling it like I just did with the
other one once you have that shape you
can just bend out the edges a little and
make it look more realistic take your
next petal piece and kind of line that
up with the top so they're both the same
height and just go ahead and wrap that
around like so and you can kind of flare
it out a little make some there you go
just the randomness next petal kind of
start it where there's nothing see how
there's like not a petal here just kind
of start it there again same height as
everything and fold it around everything
that you have so it should look like
that again shape that a little pinch
them in pinch them over fold whatever
then just do the same for the final
three or however many you want to use
you can make it a wider Rose if you
by adding more petals or and see how
that space is empty then that's where
the final pedal goes and then just fold
the in shape it's up to you if you want
to keep it in Wan gated like this since
I want to make these into charms then I
cut off the elongated part to do this
you can use a clay blade but I just like
to use a normal pair of scissors see
this way you're not touching all the
petals you don't have to even set it
down on the table so there's not a risk
of them flattening there we go
see if it looks kind of messy just cut
again frankly it doesn't matter if your
bottom looks a little bit messy because
you're going to be using this as a charm
or if you want to like glue it onto a
ring base or anything like that then the
bottom doesn't need to be perfect or
anything to glue it on to something
don't use hot glue use either super glue
or e6000 next would be the leaf and what
you're going to do is take whatever
color green or whatever color and roll
it into a ball flatten it a little bit
like that then kind of teardrop shape it
by pinching in each end then it should
be kind of like that you can put a line
down the center and then lines angling
out like that on either side this is
hard to do in midair so it's not going
to look good oh and then just stick that
anywhere on the Rose that you want
I might or do that leaf so I don't think
I'm going to stick it on completely and
you can add one leaf to leave three
leaves however many you want and then if
you want to make it into a charm go
ahead and get an eye pin and stick that
in make sure it's nice and secure and
bake according to the directions on the
package of clay that you have thank you
guys so much for watching I hope you
enjoyed this tutorial I will be doing an
updated polymer clay collection I know I
keep telling you that I told you a long
time ago but the thing is I've been in
art classes for so long and now it's
finally like summer I'm not in ceramics
anymore so now I actually feel like
making clay things on the side like when
I was in ceramics class I'm like I don't
want to go home and do more clay so now
I'm actually like having fun with clay
and I have a ton of donuts and a ton of
different
and different cupcakes and so yeah I'm
doing stuff like that and you will see
an update video but just don't like be
like when when when because I don't know
when I like to work at my own pace
that's what makes our fun for me when
people are like can you do this tomorrow
no then I don't want to do it and then
art becomes not fun so alright you guys
have a great rest of the day check out
all my links in the downbar to my
Instagram's twitter my phone that was it
could have been a tweak i am my facebook
fanpage and you guys have a great rest
of the day and i'll see you soon bye
bloom outside in the sun sunflower now
we're not doing a thumper we're doing a
rose as like I was almost like look at
my rosin but I don't have a rose or God
I almost had a rose forgotten that I'm
like it doesn't really go with the rest
of my outfit okay so alright I some so
professional moment I also check out my
french tips nail tutorial just saying I
just got these from Delia's and the
shirt too
I don't know why I talk so much I just
like to talk this is really really
random but whoever sent me this bunny
who grows in water and one of my legs of
your gift videos I just wanted to let
you know that I tried it out look at
that look how big this sucker got oh
that was a toaster I put a bagel in in
the toaster I'm gonna have the bagel and
cream cheese all right look at how big
you yeah so there he is okay I just okay
wait ready oh okay that ball