first thing you need to realize is what
is soap scum there's two types of water
there's hard water and soft water if you
have hard water in your house that means
you have a lot of minerals in your water
you have calcium and magnesium to be
pretty precise if you have hard water
with calcium and magnesium when you use
soap and you're soaking away that soap
makes a chemical reaction with the
magnesium and the calcium and it creates
a wonderful by-product you and I love
called soap scum so that's what soap
scum is
you might hear the term limescale that
has to do with your hard water as well
so how do we get rid of it first thing I
want to say is let's use an illustration
of painting if you are painting with
oil-based paint and you get done do you
clean your hands with water or mineral
spirits mineral spirits conversely if
you have water-based paint you don't use
them in all spirits use water when
you're cleaning soap scum you have to
use a chemical that will dissolve that
one I'm still at calcium deposits so
make sure you use the right product for
you to start it no blades no Windex use
the right price so Adams three steps to
cleaning soap scum and line skill number
one chemical number two abrasion number
three wipe it clean Chemical abrasion
wipe it clean okay so let's talk about
cool that is I love to use depth shower
tub and tile cleaner this is to me it's
just a great product they're several out
there that's the first thing I might use
so we're gonna take that product now
we're gonna spray it on the soap scum
and the lime scale after each be told
this window isn't that bad I kind of
mark it up with some stuff trying to get
something to look at but if you have a
house with soap scum and I'll provide
some pictures you know what I'm talking
about
going in and it's starting to dissolve
so scone next one goes to operation okay
abrasion scotch-brite stainless steel
pads are fantastic this to me is a
miracle product in the cleaning world
the reason being is you can use it and
it doesn't scratch the glass you can use
this on a variety of things in your
house it scratches that scum off but it
doesn't scratch your glass so next step
we got chemical now the abrasion I'm
gonna go through and I'm just gonna
braise away I'm also working out my arms
pretty strong muscles there alright
getting some squats in if you have
really bad soap scum you may need to do
this a couple of times so just beware
alright so there's our bracing the last
step is white plate I love to use this
shower tile cleaner just get a squeegee
and get a good one bad squeegees will
tend to cause problems first things I
like I'm just going to make sure all
that was in real good and you're ready
for the magic to happen let's hope it
happens because we can only do this tape
once we were going to wipe it clean all
right and you'll notice where we wiped
it clean it looks good those are your
steps for cleaning soap scum chemical
use the right chemical abrasion and
white cleaned repeat if necessary and
thanks for my wife hey thanks
this week on how to likely if you want
more linking tips click the subscribe
button down there or if you're on
Facebook like my page they think so much
we'll see you next time on
[Music]