but what does work is one of our
favorite secret products I'm going to
share with you right now here it is
bar keeper's friend the best thing ever
all you have to do sprinkle a little bit
on there take a damp cloth I use this a
cool stain up old towel won't hurt it
give it a good rub see that black
ceramic from a pot scratch on it juice
the good thing also about the bachelors
friend
it's really cheap a dollar fifty or
something for a container of it it
doesn't smell it's non-toxic it's got a
little bit of a grit to it so it's great
for a porous material like bleach is not
going to do the trick but absolutely
this product will if I had a toothbrush
which I didn't grab but you could then
use a toothbrush for this area here it's
just a little bit round if I wanted to
spend a little time with a towel it'll
come right off but right now I just
wanted to show you the general how easy
it is white ceramic sink
without using bleach that's my tip of
the day bar keeper's friend