hi guys welcome to my channel Lawrence
star one uh please like share and
subscribe at the bottom and what I'm
going to be talking about today is the
Medusa headpiece that I actually made
for my wife's costume uh originally I
made one in
2011 um and I wasn't really happy with
it the problems that we had it was way
too heavy um we actually used um like
real rubber snakes that you would get
from a toy store um but what I actually
did here if you kind of look closely
here you can see here um what I actually
made it out of was this great Eva floor
fomats um they a lot of people using
garages you can get them from most
hardware stores uh just as such as
Lowe's and Home Depot and what I did I
just basically cut them out to shape in
size as you can see
here and then what I tended to do to get
the way I got these curves these great
curves here I actually use a heat gun um
you only need to use it on a low set
um not anything that's too high cuz it
can melt real quick um so all you need
to do is uh just do it lightly with a
heat gun and it looks real great um I
will be doing a tutorial in uh one of my
next videos showing how to um Bend some
foam and then the next step that I did
once I cut these to the shape that I
wanted and heated them I actually
painted uh I actually coated them in PVA
glue and what I did for that was uh half
sorry one part glue glue then one pot
water and I made sure that I did six
coats uh that way it gave it a nice
glass shine so when you actually paint
it see here it won't won't flake off
actually stays on real
good and I'm really pleased with the
outcome um it's really light maybe
weighs not even less than like 2 lb in
weight the original one weighed about 4
lb in weight and uh of course when my
wife was wearing it you know throughout
the night over Halloween um it would get
pretty heavy but this one lasted pretty
well um she actually wore it three
times um and she was real happy with it
um and as you can see here the way I got
these eyes I actually uh got some small
beads from a craft store you can get
them from like Michaels or Hobby Lobby
and we just glue those
on and just let you know the if you do
let me actually uh take this off
here
okay and how I actually glued it all
together um I actually just use hot glue
use the hot glue gun just on a low
setting cuz it is foam um that you'll
stick in and just do it real
quick and it looks really cool it's
really light see I can just hold it with
one hand like this no weight to it at
all so I'm really really pleased with it
my wife absolutely loved it and we
actually did some makeup on her that
matched everything else and I will be
showing you some techniques on how to do
some snake makeup in another one of my
videos as well and you can just kind of
Mount it here on a headpiece like this
and um I actually use this to build um
the snake and you can just get one of
these cheap mannequin heads um most
craft stores or party stores sell them
all I did was just make a large hole in
the bottom here as you can see and to
hold it up I was just debating for the
longest time what to use so I just used
a regular tail holder and it works out
great see just like this um so as you
can see here there's my headpiece love
it so much it came out really good so if
you could please like uh subscribe and
share my Channel lawence star and I will
be uploading some more videos soon with
more content um please feel free to
leave comments at the bottom um of
anything else that you would like to see
and thank you for subscribing