[Music]
hi guys I'm Johnny and today I am going
to show you how to make homemade
venettes venettes are like Yana style a
donut they are so delicious instead of
being a square like a circle donut they
are square and Fry they actually have
like a slightly different flavor and
texture they are so good I really love
them and I cannot wait for you to try
them so let's get started so guys the
first thing that we're going to do is to
activate our yeast so here in this J I
have some warm water it is between 105
to 110Â° fah and to that from the sugar
that we're going to use for our recipe
we're going to take about 1 teaspoon of
sugar you're going to add into the mug
and you're going to sprinkle your yeast
and use your spatula spoon and mix it
all together and you're going to let it
sit in the counter for 5 to 10 minutes
or until the mixture is nice and foamy
if the mixture doesn't become foamy
that's because your yeast hav activate
so you have to redo it again and make
sure that the water is not too hot
because it will kill the yeast if the
water is too cold it won't activate it
so after that so here in the separate J
not jug a bow we're going to go ahead
and cracking our egg add the rest of the
sugar salt evaporated milk vanilla and
the yeast mixture we're going to Wix
that all to together until combine
while you whisk it you're going to go
ahead and add the melted shortening and
mix onto it well
combined we're going to go ahead and add
our bre bread flour and using your
spatula you're going to mix it all
together until it start to come together
once it start to come together you're
going to take your hands and bring it
together and form a dough if you find
the dough is a little dry that is nor
you can add a little bit of water so
once it comes together you're going to
go ahead and place into your surface and
you're going to go ahead and KNE it for
10 minutes or until the dough is nice
and
smooth Once the dough is nice and smooth
here in this bow I'm going to go ahead
and add some oil and I'm going to place
my dough in there and I'm going to cover
it with aluminum foil or plastic wrap or
even a kitchen Tower and you're going to
let it rise for 2 hours or until it Ren
a double inze so this is how my dough
looks after it have Wren for 2 hours and
I'm just going to place it into the
flower surface and I'm going to roll it
out to about 1/4 of an inch thick that
is not too thin and not too thick so it
is time to cut our venard and you're
going to cut them into square you can
cut them any size that you like I am
cutting them in 2 in squares after you
cut them you're going to place them in
the baking sheet line with parchment
paper you're going to cover again and
let it rise for 30 to 45 minutes or
until they reason after they double
you're going to fry them here in oil I'm
using corn oil it is over medium heat
and you're going to fry them for about a
minute on each side until they are nice
and golden
[Music]
brown and after that just place on on a
plate with a paper towel so it could
drain all the excess fat and to serve
them just sprinkle with a lot of powder
sugar and there you have
it so guys I really hope that you
enjoyed my recipe for rette they're so
delicious everybody enjoyed them I
recommend that you enjoyed these right
away and to be honest they won't last
very long I love this recipe and I hope
you do too give me a thumbs up if you
enjoyed the video and I see you in my
next upload