hey what's up you guys my name is Yvette
Wonka and today I'm on DreamWorks TV I'm
going to be showing you guys three super
simple easy Halloween costumes that are
all DIY two of them are basically juice
make them and then one of them is more
of a makeup face type thing so if you
guys want to see them doing just keep
watching for the shower loofah halloween
costume all you're going to need is a
dress as well as three shower loofas and
some rubber duckies
now just take your loofah and if you
have one like mine you just want to
separate all of the Rings from each of
you leave us until you just have a big
pile of these rings and then you want to
set one of them to the side for later
and then take the rest of them and cut
them in the middle and then pull them
out till you get this long sheet of
netting and this repeat this process for
all the rest of the Rings except for the
one you set to the side until you have a
large pile of netting once you just have
a big pile of material like this you're
going to take a piece of it and scrunch
it up into a little ball
and then take your hot glue gun and add
hot glue onto one spot of your dress and
then push that on and then add hot glue
in little bits of it until you're
pleased with the way it looks on the
dress just repeat this process of adding
hot glue onto the dress and onto the
material until you're pleased with the
way the material looks on the dress and
then continue this process until you
have the dress entirely filled up it
should look something like this and you
can keep adding glue to the material so
that it sticks to itself so you're just
happy with the way that it looks now
just take a headband or one of the Rings
from earlier and then add a bit of hot
glue onto the top of it and then take
one of your rubber Ducky's and stick it
on there for this next part you may want
some adult supervision you just going to
want to take some kind of sharp object
and poke a hole into the bottom of the U
rubber duck and then you just going to
want to take a hair tie or
and tuck that into the hole and if you
want to make sure it's extra secure you
can also add some glue in there so it
stays in place now you have a little
duct bracelet and that is your luffa
halloween costume now for the gumball
machine Halloween costume all you're
going to need for this is a tank top
some pom-poms I use three bags as well
as some hot glue and a skater skirt so
you're just going to want to take your
hot glue gun and then glue on all of the
pom-poms onto your tank top and then
just repeat this process until the tank
top is completely filled up on the top
part take a note card or a piece of felt
or something of that sort and cut it
into the shape of a trapezoid now just
take a black marker and at the top of
the trapezoid write a price I just wrote
25 cents and then underneath that draw a
little dot with a line through it to
represent the little turning thing on a
gumball machine and then draw another
trapezoid at the bottom and fill that in
to be the little hole now take a pom-pom
and glue that into the hole and then
stick that onto your skater skirt and
that is your gumball machine Halloween
costume the last is this Medusa inspired
makeup you're just gonna first start off
by covering your face in foundation and
then taking a gold type ice shadow Isis
one from the lorac Pro palette and then
putting that in areas where you would
normally contour next just take a piece
of fishnet stocking or a piece from a
shower loofah and tape out onto your
face next taking a dark green shadow I
just took a bronzing brush and apply
that in the same area that I put the
gold eyeshadow and then peel off the
stocking and if you have a little piece
left over from the tape just take the
same brush and kind of buff it out
next just repeat these same steps on the
other side of your face next just repeat
the same process on your forehead taking
the gold shadow and kind of putting that
all over the place pull over a piece of
stocking onto your face and then take
the same dark shadow and put it in the
upper corners and then put a light or
dark green shadow to kind of make an
ombre type effect on your forehead and
then peel off the stocking and if you
have any spaces up at the top that you
miss fill that in with the same dark
shadow next just repeat these same steps
around your color bone area just cover
the whole area with the stocking and
then take a dark shadow and put that
near the color bone and then a lighter
shadow underneath so for my eyelids I
just covered the entire eyelid with a
gold eyeshadow and then took the green
eyeshadow and put that in the outer
corner then take a darker greenish black
shadow and put that in the crease as
well as in the very outer corner of your
eye and blend that all together
it's okay if it looks messy because
it'll end up looking a lot better once
you blend it all together next just add
some gold shadow on the inner corner and
repeat on both eyes now just apply some
fake eyelashes and if you've never
applied them before then I highly
recommend cutting it in half and then
using it that way to apply to your eyes
and then I just took some eyeliner and
made a very long wing
next take a spoolie and shape your
eyebrows and then take the same dark
green shadow to fill them in then just
take a primer or concealer and put that
all of your lips until they are a very
pale washed out skin color and then
you're going to want you take the same
eyeliner that you use and then outline
your lips with it then take a dark black
shadow and put that around the outline
of your lips all around the bottom of
your lip and then put a green in the
middle area of your lip and then take a
gold and put that on the very inner of
your lip to make a ombre
next take the black shadow and then put
that on these sides of your nose to
contour and then after that add a little
bit of the green to make the same ombre
to finish off the look just add some
mascara onto your lashes that is all for
makeup so for hair I just took these
little plastic snakes and then kind of
bobby pin them all around in my hair
next just take a big rubber snake and
kind of put that on as a necklace and
then for the costume part of this you
can basically wear anything with it as
long it is black or green then it will
go well that is all for the Medusa
costume slash makeup and don't forget to
subscribe to my CV thank guys so much
for watching and I'll see you guys soon
so what you're gonna want to do is take
your miniature pumpkins and these are
actually made out of styrofoam and
you're gonna take your screwdriver and
you're just gonna spear it through the
pumpkin to make a hole and this is
actually super simple again it's
styrofoam so it's super easy to push
through and you can find these really at
any craft store I see them all over the
place so just gonna do that on however
many pumpkins you want on your pumpkin
garland