removing spills and stains from your
sofa can be frustrating but you can't
very well stop your family from eating
while lounging especially while watching
your favorite game
if you can't prevent these messes then
the next thing to do is to protect your
sofa and buy a sofa cover stay tuned as
in this video we'll take a look at the
five best sofa covers in the market
today if you want to find the best
products and more information if the
products mentioned in our video you can
check the links in the description below
now let's start with a list shield your
furniture from stains and pet hair with
a sofa shield original reversible couch
slipcover furniture protector available
in black and gray this stylish slipcover
is a perfect fit for your futon it
widely spreads at 70 inches and comes
with a sturdy 2-inch strap to prevent
the protector from falling off with the
sofa shield furniture protector you free
yourself from dealing with hard to clean
stains caused by pets and children
it is also reversible simply flip and
use the other side for a different look
in color cleaning the sofa shield is
also very easy as it is machine washable
with hot or cold water before you
purchase please refer to the
manufacturer's measuring guide to make
sure you're getting the size you need
and while it's a must-have for fabric
furniture it is not suitable with
leather it shields your furniture from
all kinds of mess except liquids this
item belongs to a line of furniture
protectors that come in many sizes to
fit sofas loveseats recliners and chairs
this product comes with a 10-year
no-questions-asked warranty next is a
lane carand Deluxe reversible sofa
furniture protector this sofa cover
works best to protect your furniture
from dirt stains pet hair drink and boot
spills looking luxurious and classy the
reversible sofa cover from Elaine Caron
deluxe is perfect for all seasons it
boasts its reverse feature which can
help you to quickly and instantly match
your home set up without sweat too much
effort and cost it is intended to have
the other side and dark color and the
reverse is lighter to fit perfect in
different seasons the back part is
longer to keep the cover in place
the total sitting area for this
furniture cover is 66 inches this sturdy
sofa cover is crafted out of
high-quality materials such as 100%
quilted
microfiber that is full of high loft
polyester batting the soft quilted
material however makes this furniture
cover not fit for the leather sofa as it
can slide down and not stay in place
moreover it has a strap feature which
purposefully holds the cover to remain
in place with a sofa furthermore Alain
Caron offers easy care and cleaning it
can be washed and dried in the washing
machine friendly enough not to tear
easily also you may use your regular
detergent in cleaning but it is best
recommended not to iron the cover to
protect its beauty and texture are you
enjoying the video so far before we head
on to the next product let us take this
opportunity to ask you to subscribe to
our Channel
make sure you tip the little bell icon
as well so YouTube will notify you when
we upload a new video if you like this
video and you feel like helping us help
you more we have launched a patreon
campaign where you can support us and
build the backbone of how we continue to
create free review videos for you we
have left a link of our patreon page in
the description below where we explain
everything so please consider checking
it out let's get on with the video
at number 3 is the mate X pixel stretch
2-piece sofa furniture cover and
slipcover this patented product which
comes in two pieces easily fits T
cushions and box cushions the soft
stretch fabric easily contours to the
shape of the seat while the small
decorative dots Tetra design enhanced
the comfy look slipping it over your old
furniture instantly makes your home
furniture more exciting and inviting the
separate cover for seat cushion really
fits perfectly because of its built-in
elastic corners that offer a semi
customized look this cover from 8 X is
the best option to polish a worn and
dull sofa or seat it's a practical way
to transform your favorite furniture
instead of replacing it with a new one
there are different sizes and different
neutral colors available so you can
change as often as you want and make
your living room stylish and elegant and
if your cuddly pet always jumps in while
you're sitting on it no worries because
its durable construction makes it pet
friendly mate X pixel fits the standard
shape of sofas from 74 inches to 96
inches wide up to 34 inches high and up
to 38 inches deep with leather furniture
use a non-slip underlay to prevent the
slipcover from shifting it comes with
instructional tags to guide you during
the installation process a cold gentle
cycle machine wash keeps it clean and
ready to use
are you still there we'd love to hear
from you do you have any product or a
category that you want us to review just
leave a comment below so we can start
creating a video for you back to the
video coming in at number four is the
chun-li jacquard Silva covers one-piece
polyester spandex fabric slipcover ideal
for a quick makeover to your old
furniture and to give it a new look this
amazing product is made by chuny home
textile the largest textile company in
all of asia it guarantees excellent
fittings since they have perfected the
technique through years of service it
fits most furniture style sofas such as
the leather sofa seat cushion sofas and
many more the top-of-the-line materials
used in this top-notch slipcover is
impressive it is made from 85% polyester
and 15% spandex jacquard fabric the
fabric allows for more comfortable
seating is ideal for everyday use
moreover it will protect your expensive
sofas and prevent it from damage the
chungee jacquard sofa covers offers a
wide range of colors free to choose from
all of the colors are reversible to
create a new look every time you change
them it best fits types of furniture
with a back measurement of 72 inches by
92 inches width lastly another
impressive feature that is worth
mentioning is its ease of use it is
effortless to install it comes with
installation instructions it is also
easy to care for it is machine washable
and doesn't lose its shape and doesn't
shrink
unlike other slipcovers the last item on
our list is the Great Bay home modern
velvet plush strapless slipcover your
most economical choice to protect your
valuable furniture great base slipcover
will be your excellent choice if you
have pets that keep dozing off on your
sofa or kids that always like to climb
and play on it great base slipcover will
do wonders with your precious seat great
Bay home puts style fashion children and
pet in mind while fabricating this item
this strapless slipcover secures and
protects your sofa from the everyday
accident and it is a wear and tear the
elasticized bottom of the slipcover will
surely stay in place without shifting or
moving it is made up of 95% polyester
and 5% spandex with excellent softness
and lightweight velvet plush material it
is an excellent combination that
surely fit and blend with your interiors
the slipcover is one size fits most you
just need to measure your sofa properly
it can cover the couch with 90 inches
wide and loveseat with 68 inches the
armchairs fit most arm up to 40 inches
wide it is also tough with statins and
can be washed in your washing machine
available in 16 colors with sizes for
chair loveseat recliner or sofa now that
you have reached the end of the video we
hope you have already made a choice on
which product is the best for you your
next step is to head on to the
description below where we left links to
the best prices for each product while
you're at it feel free to subscribe to
our channel we upload videos weekly for
the benefit of all shoppers you can also
drop us a comment on what you want us to
review next thanks for watching