hey everyone I'm back with my stone and
nail polish tutorial and I'm going to
start with just the plain stone plain
glass stone domed on one side flat on
the other and I've gotten them at craft
stores and dollar stores and a couple
people had suggested that I try it with
the crackle polish and I'd meant to and
I just Hank gotten around to it and
loved my kids had suggested doing the
gold crackle with the black polish and I
realized I did the exact opposite I did
the black crackle with the gold polish
but I think it turned out pretty nice
anyway and then I also threw it did the
black crackle because that's all I have
and this purple color turned out really
cool and I also did it with a silver
which I like as well so um I'm going to
show you how to do it the first time I
did it took me a couple tries because I
just couldn't get it through my head you
have to do the exact opposite as you
would if you were doing your nails so I
took the glass stone and then I did um
just the clear topcoat on it first and
then you go the crackle or normally you
would do the polish and then the crackle
um here you do the crackle first and I
do is you just put it right on
I'm going to hold it with a front is
forward so you can see it's easier to
see it crackle from this from this side
as you can see on the edges it's already
starting
and I think and I don't know but I think
the thinker you put it on the bigger the
cracks will be so however you want it
you can see it's really starting to
crackle up on top there so I'm going to
put that down and let it finish and
drying and cracking that's got some
really big cracks in there um and I had
already had this one cracked and all I
put on this one was um like a glitter
like a glitter polish so I did that and
I thought I would just put maybe I'll go
with the purple again put that on there
so that looks pretty cool too doesn't it
alright we'll put that aside to dry okay
um we are back and this is the one that
we were waiting to have crackle and it
did so I thought I'd put a really quick
coat of a bright yellow on there to
really show off how well it crackles and
there it is look how cool that looks
that looks a lot better than I expected
any time I have the purple one with the
glitter dried so that's good and I have
just the purple one I showed you before
and the bluish greenish one and again I
apologize for my hands doing such a mess
I'm working on a different project at
the same time and here's the gold and
here's the yellow so I hope you give it
a try it was a great idea thanks you
guys for encouraging me to give it a try
um have fun with it try different
combinations we will see you next time
remember to rate comment and subscribe
and happy crafting