today we have mozzarella cheese sticks
very gooey inside and super crunchy
outside so stay tuned if you want to how
I made this dish and don't forget guys
enjoy
all right so for my ingredients I'm
using some mozzarella cheese some
seasoned breadcrumbs that I got from the
grocery store you can make your own from
scratch to some eggs I beat it in a
little bit of milk and some all-purpose
flour all right so we're going to start
by cutting up our cheese and you can
also use cheese string too but I'm using
the brick cheese from the grocery store
probably a bigger knife so I'm going to
cut these into about these pieces all
right so you want to cut these into a
good portion I didn't really do this one
so well but that's alright
I will use this much for now and then
I'm going to cut these into about half
so that's pretty good that's good and so
these are pretty good now we're going to
get ready all right so I'm just going to
add a little bit of parmigiano cheese to
my bread crumbs this is optional you
don't have to do this but I'm just
adding a little bit and then stir it in
alright so you want to take one of your
cheese slices and then the first thing
you want to do is just roll this in your
flour and then with your other hand you
want to go ahead and drop that into your
egg mixture and just roll that around in
there and then into your bread crumbs or
you can actually I probably should have
done this with my dry hand you want to
make sure that gets a good coat in
alright and here's a crucial part you
want to take this and put it right back
because you want to ensure that this
gets a thick coating don't forget the
two sides and then back over into your
bread crumbs and I'm just going to use
the same hand since I keep forgetting to
use the opposite hand and then once
you're done you could put this to rest
right on a platter and then you want to
do the same thing for the rest of them
so into your flour mixture then into the
egg mixture
then into your breadcrumbs then right
back into your egg mixture again and
then right back over into the
breadcrumbs one more time and I just
want to do this for all of them all
right so here my mozzarella sticks when
they're all coated nicely this is
usually a recipe that you want to prep
and make these fries for about overnight
but if you don't have overnight and you
want to do these quickly just try to let
them freeze for about an hour or two or
even more before you fry them so I'm
gonna pop these into the freezer for
about an hour - all right so it's been
approximately an hour since I put my
cheese sticks to freeze so now with a
lot of oil in my chema oil now what you
could do is take a wooden spoon I'll
just put the tip and then you see how it
sizzles at the very end of it that's how
you know your oil is nice and hot and
ready so I'm going to go ahead and drop
my cheese sticks in now you might want
to do this in batches just so that you
don't bring down the temperature of the
oil because remember your froze is and
just want to drop these in and let them
fry
all right so you see how the cheese is
oozing out that was pretty good so you
go ahead and remove from them alright
here are my mozzarella cheese sticks
after they're finished or super crunchy
and filled with a lot of cheesy goodness
inside so if you enjoyed this video
don't forget to Like subscribe and I'll
see you for the next video thanks for
watching bye