[Music]
it seems like it would take a miracle to
clean a tub like this let alone make it
look new again but that's just what
we're going to do with the professionals
from Miracle Method surface refinishing
we'll begin with Steve laga s'en as he
introduces our project and we'll follow
the surface refinishing process with
Matt Mozingo as we see the
transformation of an old ugly tub into a
new refinished one Wow Steve I've I've
seen some ugly tubs but this one really
takes the cake and that's usually the
case when customers call to have a tub
refinished they say it's an ugly tub and
that can be mean different things to
different people
it could be just changing the color and
there's nothing wrong with the tub and
it could be to a tub it's in a poor
shape like this one and this is a in
Porsche and what you can consider an
ugly tub yeah I think that that's an
understatement poor shape sure there are
some chips here that I see in the
porcelain but look at how stained it is
all around and it seems to be falling
apart but your Miracle Method
resurfacing system is actually going to
be able to rejuvenate this and save this
tub yes it's actually in decent sound
shape yet and what we're having here is
not just a stain but where the porcelain
has actually worn away this is the
perfect outline of a bath mat that's
been sitting here trapping the water
under it for probably a couple years or
more and with the water trapped under
anything even a shampoo bottle it'll
wear right through the porcelain and
then that's where the you have the steel
showing through Wow here I did think it
was a stain and I've seen that on other
porcelain tubs where you get down around
where the water drips or something you
it tends to way away I've never seen it
on this grand scale and so that's just
the steel showing through and I should
have realized this is Ross down there
that a cause for concern we will address
that and sand that out so there is no
rust and not a concern and then once we
get our chemicals on there we'll treat
that right and we'll get a nice finish
over it okay so in this segment we're
going to have a chance to actually see
it the miracle behind hirako method
absolutely I'll start working now and
you can talk with math
the process
[Music]
[Music]
well Matt it's looking better already
down foods obviously it's not completed
yet but it's workable what the process
was that's got us to this stage right oh
man we're doing first always coming in
and going through our cleaning process
so the first thing that Steve did is
when ortho razor
took off all the caulking from the
shower door all the big heavy or dirt
that was on the table
started scraping it down well then we
have a two-step cleaning process that we
go through on the first one is step one
and basically it goes after your rust
deposits mineral deposits and things of
that nature
well after that call scrubbed in red
stone then we follow that up with step
two step two is the deformers going to
go after your body oil soaps called
shampoos things like that and get the
surface all good and prepped well must
be pretty impressive cleaners not
available at any store because just the
transformation that's been made so far
it looks really clean yeah so once we
get it all tuned then it's a matter of
coming in and doing bodywork and taking
care of all the low spots so where the
chip was down here where there was worn
where the shower bore was anything on
the bottom of the size of the tub the
resin is not going to fill in we go
ahead and get a fed was a two-part epoxy
so with everything sanded smooth just
even be doing that and then we're ready
to get everything vacuumed and wipe down
and ready to shoot one question I have
for you this is always a problem jeez
it's just disgusting
is there any remedy for that if I'm a
homeowner out there watching us sure
what we'll do I will mask off the drain
basket tell them that we finished the
necklace we finished we'll go ahead and
install a drain kit and basically it's a
nice chrome brass piece that has this
disc in it called a toe tip so if you
want to take your bath you just put the
disc flat and then when you're ready to
have the water drain out it is pivoted
so this piece lives in there so you're
not having to lift something out and
place it on the side of the tub so it's
a it's a permanent piece and that will
just fit in the existing basket right
down there yeah so this drops you right
there and then to cover up the overflow
instead of having the other level while
we go ahead and put a smooth solid cover
over the other floor and it just cleans
everything up and makes everything look
no no it's already looking a lot better
than it did when they first started I'm
dying to see the transformation and the
end result let's get out of Steve's way
let him finish you know it's tough all
right
[Music]
[Music]
oh my god this is incredible you know
when we started this segment there's no
way you could ever restore this tub but
it looks brand-new yeah it turned out
real nice um Kanto got a nice even
glossy finish polished it's going to be
very easy to keep clean it's gonna feel
nice when you take your bath so yeah
that's always good the homeowners are
gonna be just elated and then with a
nice new surround in there it's gonna
bathroom now what got us to this point I
mean he did all the prep before and then
there must be some oil
real special techniques to get it to
work there there are many steps to get
to this point so after everything was
cleaned and sanded smooth everything
gets masked off so everything's going to
be covered and then basically the
process entails applying a special
bonding agent it's a two-part chemical
that we wipe on basically what it does
is it chemically welds the product to
the surface so we're not having to worry
about any peeling or lifting
so really the bonding agent is the
mirror that is implemented yes so Matt
absolutely so after we get a bonded we
go ahead and spray an epoxy primer
followed by an acrylic urethane topcoat
we also added a sip resistant surface to
the bottom of this tub when weird out
there tubs are very polished or very
smooth so what times people will opt to
do a surface it makes a little bit safer
getting in and out of the tub you know I
really like your surface it's not a
sticker on there
this is actually it's an interesting
element of our the tub so as a homeowner
if I have a tub that is as ugly as this
or I want to change the color I have a
choice of either yanking it out of the
house or refinishing it and I take it to
refinishing is a lot less expensive oh
yeah we actually are able to take care
of this top for under $500 so you're
kidding me that's a lot less than buying
a new one a lot less yes okay so how
long can the homeowners expect this new
finish to last this tub should last for
20 years no problem we have 130 of us
nationwide and we actually offer a
five-year warranty on the tub so it's
good product it's going to last long
time for you and so
well I'm a Shinto see some more areas in
a home this can be used so let's get out
of here and catch up with you a little
later in the kilt okay stay tuned we'll
check out some other household surfaces
that can be refinished including
countertops tile and sinks when we
continue with today's home remodeler
[Music]