hi everybody this is Diana from sweeties
hello and today we're going to make a
Colombian style fried pork belly this is
very popular in Colombia and we actually
have it for breakfast for lunch and for
dinner and we serve it with other dishes
like beans rice and oedipus as always
link for this recipe can be found at the
end of the video and in the infobox
below so this is the pork belly that we
need this is the way we get it in
Colombia it has the skin on and the skin
is about 1 inch wide and we're going to
make sure that it has a lot of meat on
it because that's what makes it really
really good so to get a very crispy pork
belly what we have to do is rub it with
some baking soda and the way I do it is
I rub the skin and the meat then I let
it rest in the fridge for about an hour
and then I cook it without rinsing but
then someone told me that I was doing it
wrong and they told me to just rub the
skin with the baking soda rinse it pat
dry it and then boil it and that's
exactly how I made this video but I'm
going to be honest with you it didn't
come out as crispy as it usually does so
I'm going to keep doing it my way and
I'm going to rub everything without
rinsing so it's up to you if you want to
rinse it or not
you
so after we'd rub it with the baking
soda out we're going to place it in a
container and then we're going to cover
it with some plastic wrap and like I
said we're going to refrigerate it for
at least one hour then after an hour if
you choose to rinse it make sure you pat
dry it really well
and then we're going to cut it into
portions and the portions depend on how
much you want to serve some people like
to serve a whole strip of pork belly I
just like to divide it into small
portions and now we're going to make the
teeth or the legs depending on what you
want to call them and the way I make
them I cut through the meat but I
stopped right before I go through the
fat and through the skin
and this is how it's supposed to look
then in a shallow pan we're going to add
some water we're going to add enough
water to cover our pork belly then we're
going to season it with just a little
bit of salt then we place our pork belly
pieces
we're going to cover this and bring it
to a boil on high heat and then we're
going to reduce it to medium-low and
then halfway through the cooking process
what we're going to do is we're going to
make sure we're going to flip them over
and this is just to make sure that
they're all cooked through
so it's going to take about an hour and
a half for the water to evaporate and
then we're going to turn the heat to
medium and cook the pork belly for about
15 to 20 minutes or until they turn
golden brown and you have to be very
careful because at this point they're
going to start popping that grease and
you don't want to get burned
once they're golden-brown we're going to
take them out of the pan and then let
them drain on paper towels before
serving
and that's how you make Colombian style
fried pork belly
if you enjoyed this video and this
recipe please give a thumbs up share
with your friends and subscribe to this
channel and don't forget you can find me
on Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest
and Google+ thanks everybody for
watching and I hope to see you next time
bye bye
emblem bro itch
you
you