hi my name is Amanda Rocky
I'm the general manager here at Bettany
on 57th Street Manhattan we're making it
to greets it today the degrees is one of
the special cocktails that we offer here
on the menu at Bettany a portion of the
proceeds for every one of these drinks
sold goes to the no Kid Hungry agenda
we'll be participating in no Kid Hungry
tastes of the nation on April 25th and
providing this exact cocktail that
Sarita is a blend of innovation and
tradition we integrate tepache a very
classic Mexican homebrew made with
phenol and CEO sugar and pineapple skins
a bit of beer mezcal and a few other
things as well I'll show you how to make
it now if you're gonna make your own
tepache at home simply blend Mexican
brown sugar obtainable at a variety of
different specialty stores fresh
pineapple skins and water over the
course of a few days it'll start to
bubble and ferment and about four days
later we'll be ready to drink it'll be
slightly boozy but still a bit sweet and
fruity it's awesome the two greets is
what we call the built cocktail so it's
actually very easy to assemble start
with a big beautiful copper pineapple
like everybody has a home and three
parts of the mess call smoky agave
distillate that is really kind of
picking up steam now it's delicious two
parts of that funky sweet earthy tangy
tepache
and then one part each freshly juiced
lime and the ghave nectar so to finish
the drink we simply add crushed ice
and a bit of beer we incorporate the
beer by stirring it
it gives it a slight effervescence and
multi quality beer and mezcal go
perfectly together bit more ice all the
way to the top of the cocktail and there
you have Bettany's