good hi I'm Rhonda the buffalo company
we didn't make these buffalo paper hats
for a couple years now and I love them I
know we're all the time problem is it's
after a couple of times of being
scrunched up thrown in a suitcase back
with airplane eventually the hats gonna
get a little soft and you're gonna want
to reblock it very simple cleaning
reblocking it doesn't take much a couple
of things that will make it easy if you
got them first lint brush easiest way to
clean it there is second for blocking it
if you don't have a nice little hat
blocker which you can get for ten bucks
from killer hats just a good bulb
something to give you the ground surface
two hats move down again put a kettle of
water on the stove to boil let the Hat
sit on the gonna water until it gets
good and steamy takes two to three
minutes just really let the steam
saturate that
good just a little quick for the video
here take the hat off either pop your
blocker into it yeah Titan shape it how
you like you know just you're good
overall with the lint brush one of the
big issues though if you can see my
ribbons gotten a little creased and
crumpled real easy way to fix that dip
the tip your lint roller running water
and just give it a quick roll smooth out
in no time
once that's done let the Hat cool the
best you can in the shape that you want
you don't have the handy-dandy Locker
the bowl works just as well gives you a
smooth surface to work on and even
though your head is not round like the
bowl
getting the Hat back around will long it
out first time you put it on that's all
there is
reblocking cleaning your hat thank you
see you next time