so the ingredients were going to need
for our black-eyed peas which is our
lobia ki sabzi is of course our
black-eyed beans which look like that
and I just soaked two cups of black-eyed
beans in water and it's been soaking for
about 12 hours so it's been soaking for
a while and the reason I soaked them
longer is so that I don't have to put
them in the pressure cooker for too long
if you don't soak them and just soak
them for like an hour two hours then
you'd have to cook them in the pressure
cooker for longer I did one green chili
to dried up red chilies three small
tomatoes to medium sized onions garlic
and ginger paste some asafoetida and
then some jeera seeds which look like
that and that's about it so what I'm
going to do is I'm going to take this
and I'm going to put it in my pressure
cooker then go ahead put some salt in
there and then I'll cover it and let it
blow three whistles and then open it and
make sure that it's cooked to the right
consistency the spices we're going to be
using for our black-eyed beans are lobia
is a red chili powder coriander powder
which is the Nia powder turmeric powder
which is holding and then our cumin seed
powder which is our jeera powder this is
what it looks like I'm going to go ahead
and add some salt a little bit of salt
before then just kind of mix it up
then I'll go ahead and cover it up and
then put the stove on high and three
whistles before I open it as so the gas
is on high and it's gone three whistles
I'm gonna let it do one and then I'm
just going to go ahead and turn the gas
off and let all the air escape and open
it up all right I went ahead and opened
it up and this is what it looks like
nice and cooked as if I can grab one for
you but see like it's super tender super
hot but I'm going to try to grab one
just like that and just super mushy
perfect so I'll just go ahead and not
drain the water but just put it to the
side and we'll start on the masala and
then come back to this I went ahead and
grabbed just a regular sized pan added
some oil in it because we're going to be
frying our onions and all that good
stuff I have the gas on high at the
moment and then I'll kind of lower it
down as I put as it warms up and then
the first thing we're going to add to
the oil once it's nice and warm is the
asafoetida and then are your seeds all
right we're going to just let these get
nice and brown and then I'll go ahead
and add my two red dried up red chilies
and just let that fry up for a little
bit and then once you see the D receipts
get a little brown go ahead and add your
onions I'm going to mix all that up and
then let my onions get brown all right
we're going to just let these get nice
and brown and then I'll go ahead and add
my to a red dried up red chilies and
just let that fry up for a little bit
and then once you see the G receipts get
a little brown go ahead and add your
onions and then mix all that up and then
let my onions get brown all right so our
onions are kind of midway Brown right
now so I'm going to go ahead and add our
green chilies to this right here we're
just going to go ahead and put those in
there and then I'll just mix all of that
right up and let them Brown a little
more and I just wanted to mention if
you're not a big fan of spicy food then
I would just add the red red the dried
of red chilies or just add the green
chillies I mean when you add both of
them is definitely going to give the
food a kick and I like my food really
spicy but if you don't want your foods
at spices and you can hold off on the
green chilies or the red chilies or just
put like one instead of two or kind of
just tame it down to your own taste this
point I'm going to go ahead and add my
garlic and ginger paste they just have
like a mix of both of them together so I
would say about about a teaspoon of
garlic and ginger paste and then I'm
just gonna go ahead and mix all of this
together
and let that cook for a little longer
and then we'll go ahead and add our
spices so what our onions are looking
like nice and brown now when you go
ahead and add our spices to this let me
describe a spoon all right so we're
going to do because remember we added
all those chilies so not too much about
that much a red chili powder and then a
good teaspoon of our coriander powder
about 1/2 a teaspoon of holiday powder
and half a teaspoon of our jeera powder
we'll just go ahead and mix all this up
let it roast for maybe two minutes and
then add the tomatoes at my masala is
all my spices roast for a little bit and
now I'm ready to add my tomatoes because
we're also ready to add some liquid so
the spices even blend a little more so
our three tomatoes can all go in there
and then we'll just go ahead and give it
a stir mix all of that up together and
then I'll go ahead and add some salt and
you got to remember that you added salt
to your beans as well so you don't want
to add too much salt all the snow is add
salt later so just mix this up we'll add
a little bit of salt and then I'll go
ahead and cover it and let it cook
onions have been cooking for a little
while my onions of my tomatoes and then
go ahead and add a little bit of liquid
to this so I'm just going to take a
little bit of the water from the beans
and go ahead and pour it into my spices
just rough
add some of that water in here
and just go ahead and mix it up a little
bit and just let that cook cover it up
and let it cook for a little bit and
then we'll go ahead and add all of our
B's into this spices look nice and
blended they're all blended together so
I'm going to go ahead and add my beans I
add a little bit of water at a time so
I'll kind of try and add like spoons of
the beans first and then add the water
because I don't want to add too much
water and then not be able to take it
out so we're just going to scoop up our
beans or whatever water water comes with
it this fun
you
alright I'm going to add a little more
water to
we'll go ahead and cover it and let it
cook till it comes to a boil so you guys
can see what it looks like before I
cover it as you can see I didn't put all
the water in there there's still a
little bit in the pressure cooker but I
put the right consists of the
consistency that I wanted if you want
more gravy you can go ahead and add more
gravy and now I'm just going to go ahead
and cover this and let it come to a boil
and then you're pretty much done
it's uncovered the pan and it is looking
wonderful so it's pretty much done I
just tasted it I added a little more
salt because there wasn't enough salt
and mix it all up and now we can go
ahead and garnish with our coriander
leaves just grab them so I just chopped
like a little bit of coriander leaves
and I'm just going to take this and
sprinkle it right on top there you go I
love coriander leaves I use a lot of it
because it's just I just think it gives
such a good flavor all right there you
go and you're all done ready to serve