hi everybody so I have this Whirlpool
Cabrio washer this guy right here and
for about a month now
it hasn't been operating correctly it
just stops mid cycle doesn't finish
draining it just stops 33 minutes it
stops right on the timer not sure what's
been going on so did a little bit of
looking up and it turns out that there
is a user manual for technician service
only wedged up inside the front panel
the spare left right here like it sits
so you gotta get to you got to get to it
through the inside so you go through
here and then you get up inside the drum
and you go way up in there and then you
can rip the thing out which I did see
user manual says for for technical
personnel only
I'm as technical as it can come so hey
why not
anywho so it hasn't been draining
properly so I found out there's this
really cool thing you can do with this
thing and I'll show you so what you can
do to go into a diagnostic mode is you
go back one and then over three and then
back one and you can run a whole bunch
of different tests in diagnostic mode
that's what this thing is useful for
anyway so I ran some Diagnostics on it
turns out it said you have a water flow
issue says one of the valves isn't
working one of the waters isn't working
doesn't really specify which one then
you go to a manual test mode which is
also in this thing right here and when I
manually tested it turns out cold water
wasn't working so I'm like huh I wonder
why so I tried just messing with a
little I'm like I better take the hose
off and see what's going on
so I took the hose off and this is what
I found
can you see all that it's like gravel or
seashells or something inside that port
and it was inside the tube too but I
blew it out who's inside the cold water
line but it's completely I don't know
how I got there the only thing that I
can think of is that the gravel came
through the faucet somehow and into
there because there's a screen right
there so there's no way the gravel went
backwards I had to have gone forwards I
don't know so I'm gonna clean it out and
I'll tell you how it works