bye and welcome to episode number 608
with watts for child calm in today's
episode we're going to pickle and cure
our spine using the injection process
this process is much quicker and more
efficient than the immersion process
where I spine are submerged in the
pickling brine for up to 72 hours the
injection technique only takes 24 hours
to cure and is much more economical on
ingredients to start measure out 70
grams Prag para 140 grams Himalayan rock
salt 70 grams sugar 5 mils coriander
seed 15 moles black peppercorns 3 all
spots of pimento berries and 3 bay
leaves
place the salt sugar and spices in a
medium sized pot and add 2 liters of
water adding boiling water saves time in
the next step
eat the pot over medium-high heat until
boiling reduce the heat to a simmer and
allow this to simmer for 15 minutes in
the meantime sterilize your basting
syringe and put the society after 15
minutes of simmering remove the pot of
brine from the heat and quick chill the
brine by floating the pots in a sink of
cold water once the brine is cooled to
room temperature add the Prag powder and
stir this until completely dissolved
strain the brine through a sieve into a
clean container draw some brine into the
syringe and proceed to inject this into
the ends of the a spine fully insert the
needle into the center of each muscle
start depressing the plunger while
simultaneously withdrawing the needle
from the meat you will need to inject
five times on the fat side of our spine
and twice on the thin side each ice bone
will need about a hundred milliliters of
brian making this recipe sufficient to
pickle 20 units cover the ice binds
loosely with cling wrap and place them
in your refrigerator for a full 24 hours
after 24 hours the meat is fully pickled
and ready to cook
or freeze for later use it will be the
trademark deep rosy red color with the
unique and slightly translucent
appearance thanks for joining us today
please like us subscribe and share and
we'll see you again on Wednesday