welcome back to how I Nez rolls you can
see my shirt today it's the Golden
Knights here in Vegas and they're in the
Stanley Cups so we're going into we're
going to be going to our friend's house
so I'm going to make a dessert with
peanut butter and Chex Mix oh it's
called nutty buddies so I need to get
started
[Music]
when you're wearing gold in Nice the
whole family is matching we all have on
different condition yeah daddy's got on
khaki shorts too huh and whose house are
we gonna go to your friends yes and what
are we gonna take a desert yeah so this
recipe is used with Chex Mix it's super
easy and it can be a little bit messy
just because it's got powdered sugar in
it but today I'm also going to be using
it with brownie mix and so I'm gonna
have peanut butter in it and I'm making
actually two batches so the recipe that
I am gonna be adding to the end of the
video is going to be for the peanut
butter brownie checks but next to the
made a parenthesis next to the brownie
mix and put powdered sugar so that you
can swap it out and make just the
original muddy buddies it is so good and
quite addictive so I just keep hitting
handfuls because it's super good and I'm
going to probably put them in some
baggies for the kids so that that way
they're just not all grabbing so much
but it's super good so six cups of this
and actually this big huge box makes
enough for two batches so we're gonna
start off with 6 cups in those bowls
back there and now we need to melt some
peanut butter and some chocolate to my
microwave microwavable glass I've added
about an eighth of a cup of butter which
is like a quarter quarter of the stick
of butter I'm also gonna add a cup of
chocolate chips I'm also going to put in
peanut butter so chocolate and peanut
butter are just great complementary
flavors in my book so this is perfect I
just wanted I sprayed the the cup with a
cooking spray so it'll come out much
easier and these little cans and
peanutbutter goodness they make you work
for it right okay so I'm going to add
that and then I'm going to do a a
teaspoon of vanilla and then I'm just
gonna melt it in about 30 second
intervals just to make sure it's melting
through and not burning the chocolate of
course so recently I did a collab with
the baking diva and I made a take five
cake and so I have left over
Handy's but I also picked up some of
these we had these these gold peanut and
pretzel candy bars look I have some
peanut butter cups that'll go into this
as well into the bowl it'll make it
really really good I can't wait so let
me just get that melted so I cooked it
for about I don't know about a minute to
minute 20 seconds and it was a little
thicker than I wanted it to be so I just
added a little bit more butter so if you
come across that or maybe you could even
add the butter after you've done the
melting and then it'll give you a nice
consistency to pour so let's pour that
in here now I'm super excited and it's a
little bit hot if you can tell I was
like kind of moving the ball around so
I'm just going to get that as even as
possible and coat it as all over those
cereals because it's so good to get it
everywhere you don't want it just to be
clumpy and we're gonna do our best to do
that right now so this recipe also says
that you can put it in a bag or a baggie
to shake it up in the the powdery mix
when you're ready but I just put it in
the bowl and just stir it around so it's
up to you if you want to get your kids
in the kitchen this is a really good
recipe to to do that with to do that
they'll have a lot of fun with that so
just post that around
and then I'll show you what it looks
like so it's nice and coated right now
with all the chocolate and I'm just
gonna sprinkle a little bit of the
brownie mix at a time and then stir it
around and so that'll coat it with like
just a sweetness so that's it's more
touchable and it won't they'll be like
in little clumps it's so good and then
sprinkle some of those candies on it YUM
it'll be heavenly I mean I I'm already
wanting to eat this whole bowl so I'm
just gonna get this ready and I'm in a
minute I'm gonna spread it out on some
wax paper on the counter and then I'll
get going on the other the more
traditional muddy buddies and then I'll
show you that when it's all done so
here's the more traditional muddy
buddies with the brownie ones so now I'm
going to add the peanut butter parts to
it so just chopping up some candies and
throwing them in because when I think of
Vegas nights I think of chocolate and
peanut butter so this is gonna be a
super yummy treat and it's very very
easy if you're not gonna go like I said
with the powder and the baggies and
shake them up then that's the only long
the longest part is just kind of putting
a little bit at a time and then stirring
it in but I don't mind him so this is
yummy yummy yummy
so okay also in the recipe my my one of
the part that I had had one with butter
and the recipe and the other one did not
and I think the chocolate just spread or
poured so much easier when it had butter
so I'm going to adjust the recipe card
right now and say go ahead and use a
quarter cup of butter and I would even
add the butter after you've melted the
chocolate just to make sure it is makes
it much more easier to pour out of the
bowl so I'm just chopping you up now
some candy bars that'll be yummy muddy
buddies or some people even call it
puppy chow which kind of looks like
doggy food over there but we won't ever
call it that because yuck we call the
money buddies so a lot of times whenever
I make it I just leave it like that on
the counter and then
people just come over and get a cup and
then just fill up their you know like
little baggies or little cups and it
makes it super easy but with muddy
buddies you could do a lot of different
flavors so I have some recipes for like
mint chocolate around the holidays or
any company or like the brownies a
flavor you can add little brownie chunks
to it so if you've make these at your
house you should let me know what your
favorite flavorings are because I love
adding some different flavors I think I
might need some more ideas like I think
I came across a recipe with lemon and I
haven't tried that yet so let me know if
you've tried the lemon one but yum right
look it's almost done so I'm gonna be
taking them over to our friends house in
these cute little cups that I got from
the Dollar Tree and they are Vegas
nights colors I even did my fingernails
and a Golden Eagle it uh - so these are
gonna be super cute and everyone is
gonna have their own little serving size
so I love it thanks for stopping by my
channel and watch me make these money
buddies and I I really hope that you
make this recipe and if you have some
different variations let me know in the
comments so let me finish that but stick
around you just never know what I'll be
rolling out next
[Music]