today we'll be demonstrating how to
remove an existing label and inserting a
custom woven or printed label in its
place for this project you'll need a
seam ripper or other sharp tool for
removing the old label a pair of
scissors a sewing machine or a needle in
thread in the color of your choice the
first step is to remove the existing
label it's best to open the seam with a
seam ripper or other sharp tool be very
careful not to cut yourself or the
material you only want to cut each
Stitch that holds the label in place and
make sure the opening is at least wide
enough to fit your new
label once the old label is removed
clean the open seam and remove any loose
threads the Garment is now ready for the
new
label carefully insert the new label and
make sure you have enough sewing room at
the top of the label also make sure the
label is evenly lined up in the proper
position to be permanently sewn in line
up the shirt and label so that you are
sure to be sewing a straight line use
the thread color of your choice or
consider a clear polyester thread so you
don't have to worry about color
matching once the label is sewn in make
sure the label is secure and can't be
easily removed you may want to even
double stitch for extra
security we hope this video has been
helpful please visit our website at www
. rags.com thank you