IKEA kitchens how to maintain your
cooking hood in good shape. This video
can also be useful for any kitchen
exhaust errs with this video you can
learn how to remove ads strange noise
from your kitchen extractor only by
simply doing a deep cleaning on your
cooking hood to keep your kitchen
exhaust hood in good shape is
recommended to do this maintenance every
two or three years hope you find this
video helpful let's begin by removing
the decorative pipe and continue
unplugging the power cord loosen the two
screws that are holding it and next
remove the exhaust pipe as I mentioned
earlier you can do this kind of work on
most kitchen hoods at least with the
same design but this one is from Ikea
kitchens and appliances for more info
simply follow the link and video
description below
these mesh filters can be washed in the
dishwasher
this is where the fan is located to
clean this properly we have to remove it
we can see here that even with filters
these cooking hoods build up fat and
grease overtime it is imperative to keep
them clean so they can work in good
condition
to disassemble start by removing all
these screws
if you are hearing a noise other than
the normal operation of your kitchen
extractor the possible cause may be
within this area it could be an insect a
snail or even a small pebble
now the next step is to remove the fan
and next his motor
to clean this part easily cut it here
with a sharp knife to release the wire
that goes to the engine now go ahead and
remove the other fan guard
now to clean the fan body release the
extractor hood power supply now remove
the ground wire and next they are ready
to be well cleaved now they are ready to
be well cleaned if you know another good
product to wash fat or grease you can
leave a comment below
take the time to clean the entire unit
and then reassemble everything again
I could ended the video here but you can
make the mistake of forgetting how to
reassemble everything so I kept
recording so you do not fool yourself