the first thing you're going to need is
a rat some rags so all the rags the
second thing is a thermometer you need
some a sheet of aluminum foil and you're
gonna need a tortilla holder and some
fertile eggs oh and one other thing
they're gonna need seat heat source like
a light bulb seven white light pole you
could find that in like drift shops or
in your lotion store first thing you
have to do is set up you like both like
already did you set it up with a screw
or some duct tape you make a little gap
here it could be easier to close the lid
next you need to install them in full or
you could fold it a little and put it
right behind the bowl like shown like
that for the heat could reflect back and
not burn the styrofoam next what you do
is place the rags on the batter on the
bottom of the room for long tortilla
holder once that that's install once you
do that you could do some test this
first address thermometer and turn it on
once you turn it on you could test it if
he gets on 200 Fahrenheit and you could
close it put the lid on
just do a couple runs until they
actually get cylinder degrees I have to
test it out if you do it exactly how I
did it it should turn on to a hundred
degrees so the temperature rise into 90
degrees it was in 100 blower and now I'm
going to teach you how to put the eggs
inside so I'm gonna start setting the
eggs in the incubator
and you put time on top and you close it
and you want to turn the eggs like two
times a day even you could even do
through your day like yeah oh one other
thing
oh so I forgot to tell you
you also need some water to have some
humidity in the incubator so what I did
I got a Gatorade cap and thought it was
water and that could do like a minute
you just have to be feeling like a any
day or today stands the right committee
so I'm just gonna add it like so and I'm
gonna turn off the lights I could show
you well so that's the incubator so you
got your thermometer your eggs to water
of the bowl another minute and the rags
so that's how you make a cheap incubator
for less than $20