[Music]
Christmas dinner in my house just would
not be complete without my granny's
bread sauce so today we are making a
traditional bread sauce but this recipe
is vegan and it's gluten free the
ingredients you're going to need for
this bread sauce are well bread but
instead of the traditional white loaf
I'm using a sort of granary seeded one I
like the fact that it makes it a little
bit Nazi a little bit earthy err I'm
using gluten free if anyone in your
family or friends need gluten-free make
sure you get that if not normal bread
will do I have nutmeg and cloves I have
a red onion then lastly we have milk I'm
using a mixture of cashew and almond
because I like the fact that they're
really creamy if you can't have nuts you
could use oat milk soy milk or
traditional dairy if that's what you
like so the first thing you need to do
is get your onion and chop it up this is
just going to go into the pot in
quarters and then we're going to add the
milk
that is 500 mils of milk and then we're
going to add about a quarter of this
nutmeg this is really down to taste I
prefer the cloves to really be coming
through so kind of up to you if you like
a little bit more sweetness and a bit
more nutmeg then add some more okay with
clothes like my granny's rule is to
always stick a load in so I'm gonna put
in about that much but that's gonna have
a really strong Chloe taste to it so
maybe half them if you're not really
feeling that
so what we're going to do is bring this
to the boil now
and whilst that's happening
going to
take the bread and blend it
[Music]
and if it gets stuck like that just give
it a bit of a shake
[Music]
so that's just going to be left to one
side whilst we're still waiting for this
to heat up I can see it's just starting
to bubble
now that it's come to the boil turn the
heat off stick the lid on
and we're gonna leave that to infuse
until the milk is completely cold okay
so once the milk has completely cooled
you have two options so I would always
recommend going with my granny Crowder's
traditional recipe which is to leave the
onions and the cloves in if you don't
want to do that because it makes them
much stronger taste just drain it off
don't dream the milk away you keep it
throw the onions and cloves away but
we're going to keep them in and blend it
all up
okay so what I'm going to do now is take
those bread crumbs and put them into the
milk
[Music]
going to give that stir
okay I'm going to turn the hob on but
nice and low so
to that I'm going to add a tablespoon
and a half of extra virgin olive oil
traditional bread sauce has butter in it
so this is just to help give that really
rich kind of buttery taste so then it's
just going to be seasoning
I like quite a bit of salt in that but
obviously do it to your taste and then
add pepper
this isn't going to be on for about 10
to 12 minutes we're just waiting for it
to thicken up
so this recipe can be made two to three
days in advance and then just put in the
fridge so I want Christmas Day it can be
really difficult to get everything done
and on time so that's the joy of this
recipe make it put it in the fridge and
then either heat it up in the hob or in
the microwave you may just need to add a
little bit more milk to get it to the
consistency that you want
so there you have it a traditional bread
sauce with a free from twist it goes
perfectly with our other side dishes
from our 12 days of Christmas recipes
don't forget to like and comment on this
video subscribe to the channel and
follow us on Instagram and Facebook
everything is going to be in the
description down below I'll see you
again tomorrow for another one of our 12
recipes
[Music]