have you ever heard of a mini jin-sang
sprout it's a tiny ginseng plant raised
for about a month and consumed in its
entirety from the roots to the leaves
all kinds of dishes incorporating
ginseng sprouts are gaining popularity
take a look
ginseng grows hidden in the soil with
only its green leaves visible above
these pinky sized mini ginseng sprouts
are consumed whole from the leaves to
the roots with demand growing the number
of farms growing ginseng sprouts has
increased Sevenfold and production
volume more than 60 fold over the past
five years another bomb humic red and
Abu khattala called chaser or
from honeydew louisette on the typical
dip in the road
they may be small in size but the
ginseng sprouts are still rich in Sapa
in the most important nutrient the
sprouts are also raised for a relatively
short period of about a month
enabling quicker mass production dishes
incorporating the mini ginseng are also
growing in number the sprouts go into
the rice roll kimbap or are mixed with
kimchi or even used to garnish cool
drinks in efforts to increase the
consumption of ginseng the domestic
demand and exports of which are both
decreasing the rural development
administration is distributing the
sprout cultivation technology and also
developing menu items