I need more vanilla coke Publix the only
place to get vanilla coke in Georgia do
you know that for a fact yes
coca-cola caffeine free diet coke line
regular coca-cola regular diet coke with
Splenda Diet Coke Plus cherry coca-cola
cherry Zero coca-cola Coke Zero they
don't they don't have vanilla coke well
they do have cherry vanilla Pepsi which
i've never even seen before that might
be good actually yes yeah yeah I've just
got this cherry vanilla Pepsi for a
review but no came in a nondescript
brown box and okay this is the can it
comes with a can and there's a full tab
on the top so I'm gonna go ahead and
fold the pull-tab oh yeah and uh looks
like there's another soda in there
grabbed Anju's kid falls mouth
it just much tastes like vanilla coke
I'm okay with this you know 90% of your
vlog is you going thank you for that I
know it seems like today was simply
vanilla coke day and actually it was
pretty much the only thing I did was try
to accomplish the goal of finding more
vanilla coke and I had so for Pepsi
cherry vanilla but and I don't mind
that's okay but that beknownst do you
guys I've been working on doing the
rough cut and actually as of today which
is only what three days after we
finished filming I actually have the
rough cut completely done it's a 13
minute film and it's it's pretty good
I'm not gonna show you guys the rough
cut I'm not going to upload to let you
see it because I don't want you to know
the entire movie but yeah here's you
know some of it I mean it's very much a
rough cut stuff needs to be done we
actually are having a little bit of a
shooting session on Saturday they're
going to do a few more pickup shots to
finish the thing but in honor of me
finishing the rough cut and getting the
first piece of Phoenix Beyond from
script to completed somewhat you know
seeable story I created a bonus video
for today that I think you guys will
enjoy so watch the bonus video it's cool
and fun