[Music]
what's up guys just got our Starbucks
good morning we are uh out and about
early in the morning we're going to go
to Lowe's he telling me to put my seat
belt on it's pretty
annoying we're going to go to Lowe's get
some uh some stuff for our sprinkler
system we just turned that on the other
day we're also going to do this cool DIY
project we thought about for the kids
because they're uh they're starting to
get a little lazy around the house and
leaving us all their toys to pick up so
stay tuned for that it'll be really fun
we'll walk you through all the steps and
we'll see how it turns out it might be a
complete disaster so it might I hope it
works it'd be cool if it works we need
help for our kids two adults and a dog
it's a lot to clean up yeah time for
some chores time for some chores and
[Music]
some the happiest place on Earth for
you so we just got out of Lowe's and we
ran the babies are us to get this
bathtub stopper and Drew stepped in a
big pile of poop
how do you feel about that bab she's so
germaphobe like it's just like I made
him by baby wipes and wiped the bottom
of his shoes off and then I gave him
loads of hand sanitizer so that's our
fun story for the day I think we might
have to label this video almost slipping
in a pile of
poop now we're running to go get some
nice chairs cuz we're going to be sport
parents for the next 16 years so we
thought we'd best and some good sport
chairs all y here we come no luck
[Music]
there all right we are going to start
the chore chart now um we have all our
supplies we measured everything out we
found the wall we want to do we have
these boards that I'm going to cut we
found some cool ideas on Pinterest and
on the internet about how we want to set
it up we're going to try and mimic it a
little bit with while adding our own
flare but should be kind of fun lind's
going to do all the spray painting oh
yeah teach them the American
dream they want to live it they got to
earn it all right stay tuned
[Music]
all right all our wood is
cut and now it's time to stain what
color did we get like a
mahogany we got a oh here we go Mission
Oak
sa look at that next step
[Music]
[Music]
this is taking us a little bit longer
than we thought but it's turned out
pretty cool really
tired oh for a short shirt kids you
better like
[Music]
this next step gluing on the letters
[Applause]
work for hire kids you better submit
your applications cuz you got work to do