it adds the lawn expert here just
another video I want to show you some
weeds that we I want to show you some
weeds that we see a lot of in early
spring late winter early spring and it's
called
onion grass and another round and
another name for onion grass is guild
Fred guild for word grass it's the same
same family as onion weed and the reason
why I want to show you this weed is that
it's uh it's easily treated it's easily
treated by it's easily treated by
destiny herbicide or destiny herbicide
which is made by Bayer and I'll show you
information about destiny in the
description box below
okay let's um let's go and have a look
at at this onion grass or Guilford grass
like I'll show you now okay we'll have a
look in this lawn here around this lawn
here it's just in the neighborhood where
I'm working but if we go to zoom in
closer and you can see the really
stringy wiry pipe weed that is onion
grass and the best herbicide to get rid
of onion grass in buffalo coot Kikuyu
except for rye grass and queensland blue
coots is destiny herbicide made by Bayer