hello youtuber after couple weekends
Howard they're framing for my tech cover
project and I finished it's ready for
the final piece of material roof panel
the roof panel will be attached to the
house through a wall connector flashing
here is a simple illustration of the
connecting diagram the most critical
part of this job is to seal the
attaching point to make it ringing proof
so instead of opening stucco wall and
he's done in flashing I decided to cut a
horizontal groove on a stock O'War and
ain't her to flashing into it then seal
up the groove with silicon caulk
fortunately it turned out to be a simple
and efficient method and here are some
photos of the finished flash in
installment however I must say cutting a
groove on a stucco war is dirty job I
would highly recommend wearing a mouse
mask to avoid a hair in the dust
[Music]
okay groove is cut and approved to work
let's install the rest of the panels
[Music]