hello again my name's John I'm a retired
chef from the northeast of England in
the UK and welcome to another one of my
videos with the Christmas holidays just
around the corner I thought I'd update a
couple of my videos starting with my
yorkshire pudding recipe you can make
these either on the day or a couple of
days before as they freeze very well and
here's a list of the simple ingredients
you'll need to make these wonderful
Yorkshire puddings and to follow along
with this very quick recipe you'll need
a 12-cup muffin tin like the one on
screen before I start I'll preheat the
oven to 210 degrees Celsius that's 410
Fahrenheit or gas mark 7 I'm set in mine
to 190 Celsius as my ovens fan assisted
and it runs about 20 degrees hotter than
indicated on the dial traditionally
these are made with beef dripping but
you can use lard or vegetable oil but
about 3 grams in each cup as shown once
that's done get it straight into the
oven and it can heat up at the same time
as the oven does while I'm mixing the
butter ok I'll let you watch while I get
it mixed you can use a machine to do
this part but only until the butter
comes together if you over mix it at
high speed they will not rise don't ask
me why because I don't know but I've
made hundreds of thousands of these so
we just have to take my word for it
[Music]
once you get to this bit just add a
little bit of the milk and water at a
time until it becomes a smooth paste
then you can safely add the rest of the
liquid if you put it all in at the same
time it'll become very lumpy and it'll
take you ages to beat them out there you
go nice and smooth now I can out the
rest of the liquid and give it a whisk
for a minute and that's all it needs
[Music]
[Music]
and now I'll get it into a jug and that
will make it easier to pour into the hot
tins
[Music]
right the tins been in the oven for
about five minutes so it will be very
hot now I'll carefully but quickly half
fill each cup there should be enough to
do all 12
[Music]
[Music]
and now I'll get them straight into the
preheated oven and set the timer for 30
minutes
[Music]
once the times up just take them out and
they're ready to serve straight from the
oven and that's all there is to making
perfect gold and crisp Yorkshire
puddings at home simple delicious and
much better than the bought ones and
like I said earlier you can make these
well in advance because they freeze very
well and it only takes three to four
minutes to reheat from frozen in a hot
oven why not try these with the roast
beef recipe I posted a couple of weeks
ago there's not a better combination
than roast beef and homemade Yorkshire
puddings and if you've enjoyed the video
please give a big thumbs up well thank
you again for watching please like share
comment and subscribe by hitting the
circle above if you do subscribe
activate the Bell icon next to the
subscribe button on my channel page and
by doing that he'll be automatically
notified every time I upload a new video
and in the meantime here's a few of my
other videos and playlists that you may
wonder watch so until the next time be
safe in the kitchen and bye for now
[Music]
you