good morning Liberty soft wash in
Goldsboro Pennsylvania today we are
doing some deck cleaning today we are
cleaning a composite deck what you
really don't want to use high-pressure
to clean so we are using our preferred
method of cleaning here soft washing
what he's doing right now is he's
applying the cleaning solution at low
pressure about 80 psi that cleaning
solution is going to kill anything
that's organically growing on there
the soaps going to help us rinse away
all the dirt and then you'll be left
with some nice clean deckings liberty
soft wash for all your exterior cleaning
needs roof cleaning house washing
pressure washing deck cleaning and
everything else give us a call seven one
seven three two four four two zero eight
check out our website liberty soft wash
comm have a beautiful day