whenever your kitty uses the cat genie
liquid waste drains through the washable
granules into a reservoir where liquids
get treated with odor killing sani
solution to take care of kitty solid and
liquid waste disposal you simply press a
button or run cat genie automatically
the Genie hand scoops and separates
solid waste from the granules then
deposits the waste into the hopper
solids get liquefied with water and
sanny solution for safe and easy
disposal down the drain all cat waste
gets flushed out of the home for proper
sewage treatment simultaneously clean
water mixed with sani solution washes
the basin and washable granules the cat
genie smart cartridge dispenses the
precise amount of cat safe sani solution
for decontamination of germs and odors
as the basin rotates the genie hand
agitates and scrubs the granules
dissolving any and all remaining waste
in addition the genie hand uses the
granules to scoured the entire basin
leaving it sparkling clean during drying
the genie hands Sifton aerates the
granules so hot air from the blower can
completely dry the granules and base in
the cat genie is now sanitized and ready
to take care of your cat