[Music]
hey guys today I'm going to make some
steak and veggie kebabs let's take these
bamboo skewers she fill them and grill
them here's all the goodies about for
this about this sirloin steak I'm going
to cut this up into cubes and I'm going
to marinate it in this balsamic
vinaigrette dressing now this one here
is expelled or pressed oil so you can
see it doesn't separate so I thought
that might be good I've never used this
before but I thought I try that also
bought some red potatoes so I'm going to
steam those first because potatoes take
a long time to cook but a red onion a
couple different colored peppers a
couple of zucchinis now my sticks my
skewers silky so they don't burn all
right let me cut all that stuff up and
I'll be back
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
all right everything is cut up nice and
start threading these onto the skewers
the only thing I would like about these
is they're a lot of arm work by the time
you cut everything up and then thread it
on to the skewer like this a lot of arm
work kind of time-consuming so you just
kind of mix things up I actually my meat
I also added a little sprinkle of worse
sister sauce a little salt and Johnny
seasoned pepper and my potatoes i season
that was a little salt and Joanie's
seasoned pepper as well and I actually
cut the potatoes in half and stuck them
in the fridge for a few minutes let them
cool down so looks like they're going to
stay on there okay I was hoping they
wouldn't kind of crumble and fall apart
but it looks like they're doing pretty
good
so I'm just going to do all of these
just like this and then we'll go outside
and take them to your grill Phil well
it's kind of a kind of a tight squeeze
but I managed to fit all these on there
I'm cooking these indirect so the coals
are over there I have my kabobs over
here you're doing them like directly on
a gas grill just keep your heat turned
down so you don't burn them and keep an
eye on them so anyway I'm just going to
get the lid on there and let's check
them in a little bit it's been about 15
minutes so let's take a look at these
those are looking good I'm going to
brush some of this balsamic vinaigrette
on these
that'll give them some extra flavor it's
nice because the oil doesn't separate it
stays blended together these are cooking
pretty evenly so I'm not going to bother
to turn them over I think they're pretty
will getting pretty well cooked through
I'm also going to just hit them with
just a little bit of kosher salt and
[Music]
little bit of Johnny seasoned pepper now
get the lid back on there and just let
them cook for a few more minutes it's
been about a half an hour and these look
good so I'm getting them off of there
[Applause]
these smell great let's try one out this
one here has a piece of meat on the end
so let's go for the me
[Music]
I can swallow this is actually really
good that that steak has a real nice
flavor to it
you know sirloin steak is under 8 if you
ask me I'm gonna start buying it more
often but like I said these are bit of
work to make but you have to cut
everything up and thread it on there but
they sure are good I had one of those
little potatoes that it was cooked
nicely and peppers are nice and sweet so
hope you guys it give that one a try
sometime thanks for watching I'll talk
to you next time
[Music]
[Music]