hi everyone today I'm going to show you
how to make a bulletproof indestructible
piggy bank for your kid
now these tostito containers they're
fairly thick plastic there's no glass so
the kids can't break it and hurt
themselves the lid on them is just like
a mason jar it's got a metal piece
inside of a plastic lid here so this
makes it perfect for making a piggy bank
we're going to take this and we're going
to cut a slot oh and I'm going to show
you how to make this so that your child
will not be able to get into it and he
won't be able to shake money out of it
either so let's get started
so first of all we want to take the lid
and Mark it next find yourself scrap
piece of wood that the lid will fit over
top of oh now use a wood chisel and cut
the slot out if there's any sharp edges
just use sandpaper or file get a lid out
of your recycle bin and Mark or circle
around the lid so we mark this lid on
the outside so what we want to do is cut
this circle smaller so that it'll fit on
the inside of the lid now take it and
make four cuts from one side to the
other leaving about a quarter of an inch
on each side now what we've just created
is a shield so that no coins can be
shaken out of the jar so the last thing
we want to do is get some silicon it can
be any kind of silicon that you have
they can be for Windows for bathtubs for
anything anything that's cheap you can
also get smaller tubes of this at the
hardware store so we want to put a bead
around here put the lid on and that way
it'll never come off
and just put the lid right on and
tighten it down and wipe off the excess
so that silicone has now been drawing
between 24 and 48 hours and I've just
tried this and it is on there it is on
there so tight that it will not come off
so no kid in the world is going to get
that off so you're probably thinking how
we're going to get that money out of
there once that jar is full it's quite
easy well I hope this videos helped if
you liked it hit the like button or
subscribe to my channel and we'll see
you next time