good morning it's getting harder and
harder to send the kids off to school
it's like they don't like the newness of
it has worn off and it's just kind of a
pain to getat them out the door in time
we have 10 minutes but I think we'll
make it today but yesterday Ambry missed
her ride so we had to take
her which is not a good start of the day
so yeah then I have to decide what I
want to do next clean or exercise I
can't do both
[Music]
you me
[Music]
happy Daddy are you singing to your
candy
yeah well there you have it Ander really
loves his
candy oh what predicament have you
gotten yourself into
I was in there with um Ender and I heard
her little cry usually means she's
gotten herself into some kind of trouble
come here
[Music]
oo she's going to get it so you may
remember the in
day of Eevee at the top of the slide I
found the solution it's
tights tights are the solution to the
baby
climing everybody I just
[Music]
want I just
want I just want you dance with me
tonight
W oh Z's just showing me got a little
blackmail for his mom uhuh she's like
did you put Zade up to that I was like
nope he did that all on his own right
Zade nice work
bro hey show me your back
flip nice that's easy for you zip it
up goodbye surprise hey hey
Ander what you got no I bear oh are you
brown bear yeah oh hi yo yo yo what's up
you guys I just realized that the day
went by we were so busy we didn't Vlog a
ton but there's a ton of comments on the
Vlog that are always asking us about our
do dot system and about our um family
store so I'm going to explain that to
you guys when you buy this system she
and I'm going to sit right here while
she explain yeah Dave's in a I don't
even know what's going put a thumbs up
make sure you guys thumbs up if you want
to know about this so obviously you can
just make this with a magnet board
yourself or like a white board or
something if you wanted to you could
just make this by yourself but I bought
it because I did not have the time to
make it myself but it's pretty much just
metal frame and then like this is
printed on it so that's really nice you
can't scratch it off or anything but
anyway it comes with these little bottle
caps and a ton of magn with chores
already printed on them and colored
stickers and we printed off I got a
small picture what did you do put in
there it's a
sticker no it's so when you get the
picture printed off guys it comes with
this whole little kit like you stick a
magnet on the back and you put a bottle
cap and then it even comes with a little
template you put over a family picture
you like score it out and then you stick
the picture in there with some glue and
then you glue the sticky part of this on
to it too so anyways anyway yeah so it
has everything in the kit except for a
family picture in order to make this so
it's super easy and then it has these
goals down here which I really like so
you can write your kids goals on here
but I don't have enough time to go
through all of the steps on this right
now because like she really does have
like 10 videos that you have to watch to
go order it and you only get access to
the videos if you buy it but you can go
check it out at do DOS this isn't a
brand deal but it's an awesome system so
and it is kind of expensive so you might
want to try to make it yourself but
maybe I'll make some more videos
explaining it cuz it's just a lot
basically where's Dave he was the only
one that got on level two today good boy
so everybody has a color and me and dve
are one because we have too many kids
like if we have six kids ever which we
probably won't um
so no not even funny not funny but this
is me and Davey eie Ander yeah
so everyone has the colors zade's red
Daisy's blue ambry's pink Ender's yellow
for a minion purple for her and green
for us so those are their magnets and
they coordinate colors with these
um that's wrong what's going on here
Ender likes to mess with them well I
know better so
there okay so this is getting
complicated so every day I wake up and I
decide what the routine is going to be
so if we are going to be taking family
pictures that day then I would be like
family pictures like whatever is
happening that day when it's gymnastics
and there's even like blank ones that I
have like a little wet erase marker that
I can draw like gymnastics on there and
I put it there and so the kids know that
this is the day of the week that we do
that in our routine so this one always
changes um or if I'm like like oh God
the kitchen is really messy today I
could put like um the chore the kitchen
one right there I don't like this one
for so like the routine today the whole
family is going to spend cleaning the
kitchen I've even done like whole house
clean whole house and put it there
sometimes and like we're not having any
fun until the whole house is clean so
like whatever you decide is the whole
routine for the family that's what you
stick here and then each week you give
each child a new chore
and this is what their responsibility is
so they are not on level two until their
responsibility the routine their bedroom
homework and practice time is done and
to show that they're done with that they
flip the magnets over so in the morning
when they come down the magnets look
like this cuz every night I just come
and I flip them all over and so if Zade
gets his schoolwork done he flips over
his magnet so pretty easy as soon as all
of these magnets are flipped
over um like if he's helped clean the
kitchen done his bedroom done his
homework practiced on his goal like
usually back handsprings so if he goes
out and practices his back hands Springs
or the piano or whatever they're doing
he can flip that over then he moves his
magnet down to level two so level two is
where they can have like basic
privileges so he's like Mom can I go
over to my friend's house if he is not
on level two I would say I'm happy to
let you play at your friend's house as
soon as you're on level two so that lets
them know like I'm not saying no you
can't until this it's I'm happy to let
you do that as soon as you're on that
level so that's kind of how and they
can't earn tickets for the family store
until they're on level two right so all
of this stuff is stuff you do just
because you're part of our family so
tickets are what they earn if they do
something like above and beyond extra
chores if they do something just nice
like if I catch Zade just cleaning Daisy
and ab's room which he's done before
just to be nice I can be like oh that
was so nice you earned a ticket
is Coco sleep yeah and I mean they I
don't have to give them tickets it's
just like a parent choice sometimes if
we're trying to get out of the house
really fast and I know it's not going to
like if we're late and I'm like okay we
have to get in the car I can say stuff
like
whoever beats mom to the car gets an
extra ticket and so we always like they
say this in the video make sure you're
not making it the first person of the
car cuz then it becomes a competition
and people are like punching people out
of the way and throwing kids and like
ripping their way to be first
I make sure that if I'm giving a ticket
out like that then everyone has a chance
to get it so CU mom's way slow right but
like I'll try to be slow to give
everyone a chance to earn a ticket but
if someone's just being way slow then
I'm like oh you didn't get a ticket I'm
out here so I try to motivate them to
all get in the car hurry before me so
that works really well pretty much for
the tickets we just do put a monetary
value on it whatever it is worth that's
what things cost in the family store so
their actual like say four tickets is a
dollar then if you B buy something for a
dollar then it costs four tickets in the
family store it's the same cost it's not
an imaginary cost it's what it actually
costs yeah and we kind of went since
they've been earning extra money doing
um the videos that we do like we'll pay
them when we do YouTube videos and stuff
so they have a little bit more money
usually now so we've gone up to just one
ticket is a dollar and that's just
easier for us because they know that if
they want something from the dollar
store then it's just one ticket anyway
it's just easier for us that way but you
could definitely we used to do four
tickets for a dollar and it worked great
you just have to like whenever you buy
something times it by four and put that
sticker on the family store item so what
we put in the family store is just
anything that the kids want if they are
like oh we're at the store and they're
like oh I really want these shoes I'm
like that's fine you don't really need
shoes right now but I could get them and
put them in the family store and you
could earn them or if they have their
own money they can just buy them you
know like I let my kids kind of just
transfer money from
tickets I don't always do that but like
if we're if I know we're not going to
have time to do family store that week
then I'll just say oh we're going to
cornbelly you can use your tickets today
at cornbelly and so they'll be like oh I
want a face paint so that's $5 so then
they use five tickets out of there and I
keep tracking about on my phone um I
also have a little envelope in the
family store box that I have that I keep
tickets in and then I just make sure
that I compare my notes from my phone to
the and they can't lose tickets right
yeah no once they earn a ticket here no
it's always they they always get to keep
the tickets once they earn them so if Z
did 10 extra chores and he had 10
tickets here that day like you stack
their tickets once they earn them like
like that that'd be three or four
tickets so he'd have four tickets if
he'd done four extra chores if he's
naughty I can't be like oh you lost a
ticket however um down here in the
progress if they're having a hard time
with something you could put extra
ticket gets on that one and those ones
can be ones that they can lose or ones
that they can gain but um yeah so but if
they do extra chores and stuff then
those are their tickets that they get to
keep you can't take them away um yeah so
that's how they earn tickets and then in
the family store it's just like they buy
stuff and we do it once a week and we we
don't do all a week we never really have
done allowance before no allowance the
whole word allowance just kind of makes
me think no like they that's enti they
like every week I get $10 because that's
my allowance like no you only get that
if you're doing your
responsibilities and and it's only and
even the responsibilities you don't get
paid to do those you have to go above
and beyond so that's kind of what we do
and I think it works really well um not
everyone gets to level two every day and
that's okay like I I don't get mad at
them if they don't get on level two I
just if they want to do something I they
just can't do anything oh bummer you're
not on LEL two as soon I'm happy to let
you do that as soon as you're on level
two and then that sure is motivating and
they learn to be responsible for
themselves and little Ender even learned
how to clean his room which is amazing
and it was a direct result of us
starting to do this cuz before he would
just be like no I don't want to I just
want to lay here play on my blanky and
now like he'll come running to me and be
like I'm going to flip over my magnet
and he's so proud it's super cute so I
hope that helped you guys that's it you
guys there's a lot more like there's so
much more that I didn't touch on
explaining this whole thing so if you
feel like you still don't understand it
you can buy the whole system and she has
like I said all of the videos that you
would have access to that you can
rewatch and stuff if you forget so and
she even has some really good parenting
advice for like when your kids are
having a hard time with stuff like how
to motivate them so check it out um let
me know what you guys think in the
comments below if you've tried this
system or if you have a different system
that you like and that's it we'll see
you guys guys tomorrow and I promise
we'll be a lot more exciting tomorrow we
are both exhausted so I think we're
going to go to bed early now uh I was
going to sit in a hot
tub oh I'm in I'm so tired okay guys
thanks for watching we'll see you
tomorrow
[Music]