don't you wish you had a nonstick pan so
strong that you could give it in the
hands of your mate
use metal spoons and spatula on it one
day chef brings for you a range so
strong the granatum range made by
Ballerini
in italy it has a unique feature not
only does it have non-stick coating but
the nonstick coating is mixed with
grenade particles can you imagine how
strong that is
look at this beautifully constructed and
heavy pan it is made from the finest
materials and the nonstick coating is so
good it will never mix with your food
it's perfectly healthy and safe for your
family the Wonder chef range of granatum
pans has this amazing square grill pan
it's wonderful for your grilling
purposes these striations in it will
give you the professional look that you
get on tikkas kabobs grilled fish and
sandwiches it comes with a five-year
guarantee and unique thermal point
feature so friends be the proud owner of
a wonder chef pan and bring home this
wonderful piece of craftsmanship wonder
chef granatum pan is made from 99% pure
virgin aluminum I have here the
Ballerini pan and a steel utensil here
now let me show you some magic I also
have here some eyes watch what happens
see how fast the ice is melting on the
pan why is that so that is because
aluminum is 9 times a better conductor
of heat than steel what does this mean
this means that you could get good even
cooking in your food and you use very
little fuel so it's extremely efficient