when building your first home it is only
natural to list your concerns down to
the smallest detail
hence when something innovative is about
to be utilized it Garner's enough
attention especially as this concerns
the framing of your house jack bill
provides the load-bearing concrete
blocks that will be used for project
first home these blocks and tea joists
are the components used to build the
walls and floors of the house the name
Jack bill is used synonymous to
load-bearing plants our product has been
known for its strength or its
consistency in quality consistency in
sizes and both of these make it the
premium among the different load-bearing
plans in the market
Jack milk systems are convenient to
install each Jack built modular block
comes in different sizes and shapes and
is designed for a specific function
when you say modular that that means you
can build the whole house
by just you can using blocks therefore
there is the useful stretcher blocks we
have half blocks we have sealed ends we
have beam blocks we have blocked that
are intended to be abused as beams they
are there they can withstand 1000 psi
pressure compressive strength in the
place of post for example videos corner
blocks and also these are made to 1 to
1000 psi is specification and they
replace the need for conventional post
in short you can build a whole house
without having to cut any block because
we produced them in all the sizes
necessary for building a modular house
when it comes to installation these
blocks only require partial grouting on
cavities with vertical reinforcement
going to Papa gamma plan
Jack built concrete blocks when an
allegation young beam blocks so it will
ensure gonna compare Boonen beam block
the modular guy come in and done among
16 mm so green black parent to see our
motto ready
so the turnitin giambotta
follow in up in scrap
Baba Booey on concrete Obinna biosample
battle nothing
cara la langue to me value design Ilana
be so afternoon all kinds to know beam
blocks but legate delicious at a
Stompanato yo sealed in Lux hid on
preparation and shield in Lux
parody tow eligaya horizontal bars na
kama capito sabbatical mine so automatic
Nimmons corner young corner blocks and
monogamy tinea para to replace de
Coulomb peg am obligation and second a
blacksmith Legation and tapped long 16mm
tapas Conway Allen on Indiana area
Angeles minute ended in a half blocks
such a built in Hindi Barrios a bungalow
blocks na Malacca Penang sitting by were
poor Pato mushiya Casio Cielo patent
Lancia non patent para mi cama demoulas
shangkun's
toss so and pinaka required kneel on our
gap long history MAME
Socony tool on yonder button company so
donor cultivate you Jack with lab
compared owns ordinary black since Jack
belt blocks have a smooth finish it does
not be plastering and only requires tool
jointing
this saves on wooden forms in concrete
thereby making the construction faster
and cost saving
another revolutionary Jack built product
is the tea joist floor and roof deck
system the port in place concrete slab
and precast pre-stressed inverted T
beams called T joists provide light yet
effective building components for heavy
loads and long spans as it it's easy to
install and saves on wooden forms the
key joist floor and roof deck system
shortens construction time and saves on
money if you use a product like Jack
beam and you lay it out wrongly then you
lose all the advantage and therefore
what we are doing now is we're training
people to use the blocks properly and by
doing this we will we will be able to
educate a lot of the Masons out there
and that that will also tell them
because these people probably they will
try to get jobs abroad these are the
types of holographic you'll find you
don't have backyard type a low block
abroad when it comes to using
state-of-the-art building components for
your home it is important to determine
how it is going to affect the
construction of your house the impact
can translate the new approaches in
construction and training requirements
for your contractors workers hence it is
important that your supplier such as
Jack built provides sufficient technical
support in order to ensure the correct
utilization of products and maximize its
strengths and capabilities that is that
your building for the first home is a
very modern design but when we look at
it you bring it down to the essentials
it's really a two-story house and
therefore Jack built blocks fit
perfectly and what you get is not only
sturdy product you can also expect a
very good finish you will save that on a
lead pattern plastering
you will probably be able to save also
on paint and most of all you will be
able to save on labor cost and on time
because it's very easy to lay them up
and I'm sure you will see it when you
start laying them up probably overnight
you will see already the change in the
other circular building