[Music]
[Music]
hey youtubers my Forge within my forest
channel thank you for watching in this
video right behind me is a 650s -
sub-zero refrigerator after you do
finish up the installation process and
putting the refrigerator into the
enclosure it is very important that you
properly level the refrigerator for a
few different reasons number one there
are a few different parts inside the
refrigerator that help cool the
refrigerator as well as freezer and
those moving parts require lubrication
so in the event that the refrigerator is
not properly level that will interfere
with the fluid levels that each of the
parts require and the second reason is
the obvious you don't want items inside
your refrigerator leaning or sliding
last thing you want is to open the door
and a gallon jug of milk slide right off
the shelf and on the floor and explode
not cool
inside I have placed a level as you can
see here and that's pretty good place
the level on the outside of the door and
the last portion I want to measure is
inside the refrigerator at the very
lower point and that looks pretty good
here I can just kind of drop it down to
the freezer door and see that that is
level as well that's it I hope the video
helped do me a huge favor press that
thumbs up like the video subscribe to
the channel make sure you turn on your
YouTube notifications once you do that
every video we upload you will be
notified you will be able to stay up to
date with us and that would be awesome
thanks again see at the next video
[Music]