[Music]
okay so first of all you'll need a
measuring jug or a mixing bowl if you
prefer you'll need to add one cup of
self-raising flour so this is the 250 ml
cup and then we're going to add an egg
into the mixture make sure you wash your
hands after handling the raw eggs I'm
going to add in a teaspoon of castor
sugar into the mix and also a cup of
milk then we need to mix everything
together with a fork if you're doing is
going to measure it in a mixing bowl you
could also use a whisk you need to do
this until there are absolutely no long
then heating up a frying pan until it's
hot and add 2 teaspoons of fat it could
be oil or butter make sure it's covering
the bottom of the pan and then add your
mixture into three small high pancakes
when it's golden brown on the bottom you
can then flip them over use a fish slice
or a palette knife to slip the move
safely and then you leave them to cook
on the second side until they're golden
brown it will take a few minutes to
check them underneath and once you've
checked then you can transfer them over
to a plate and then
we repeat under all the mixture
[Music]
[Music]
you