hi everyone on this episode we're going
to make simple white uh pole which is
very easy to make we're going to need
about 2 lbs of meat in my case I was
very lucky to find the skirt of the pork
which I like but you can use beef stew
meat pork shoulder you can even use
chicken whatever you like so it's going
to be 2 lounds of meat one head of
garlic uh one uh big onion
salt to taste this is going to be for
the meat and to season the pole we're
going to need the how many that it's
usually sold in the US comes already in
a can and it's already cooked and
everything I lived 10 years on the US
and I was never able to find fresh Hony
to make it so just buy the can one it
comes already done and everything this
is just a little bit but we're going to
need about a can five uh pound can a
little bit of oregano a little bit of
thyme and about
four uh bay leaves this is going to be
to season the pole and to serve it we're
going to need radishes lettuce and also
some um powder this is called Chile pin
but you can also do the sauce that I'm
going to show you how to make in another
video so to start we're going to put
about 6 quarts of water and we're going
to add the onion the garlic and the meat
and we're going to cook this for about 2
hours or or hour and a half until the
meat is very tender okay so just put the
lid on and cook it until the meat is
tender and we're going to add one
tablespoon of
salt so it's been about about 90 minutes
and now the meat has cooked I'm going to
take out the onion the garlic and also
I'm going to take out the meat and uh
your H many you're going to wash it
really well just wash it really well
with the strainer or something like that
and then we're going to add it here to
the broth which has all the flavor okay
so this Hon is already clean it's going
to be a big can of about 5 lb
there's a lot of brand Brands is Goya
Bush juanas a lot of Brands so this is
the meat already already shredded I'm
going to add it here to
the to the pot and we're going to season
it as I told you before with a teaspoon
of oregano a teaspoon of thyme and also
the bay leaves and you're going to taste
it and see if if it does need more salt
and I I'm pretty sure it's going to need
it so season it and we're going to leave
it here for about 30 more minutes so
that all the flavors combine together
and we are done this is basically it
this is the most simplest ways of making
pole but there's so many ways there is
red Pole Green pole and so many types of
Sol so so this is the final dish and to
serve it I'm going to add some chopped
lettuce some
radishes and um of course I'm going to
squeeze lime juice or lemon juice
whatever you like I prefer the green
limes here is what we use in Mexico to
season it you can use the Chile pikin or
you can make the sauce that I made on
the previous video I'm going to PO post
a link so that you can click on the
video and see the recipe I really like
this sauce it is excellent in all the
parties it's a big hit so I hope you
enjoy this recipe and don't forget to
follow me on Facebook and Twitter and
also don't forget to subscribe okay so
see you next time bye-bye