- steamed cabbage for cabbage rolls the
core will first need to be removed you
will also need a pot with about three
inches of water that has come to a boil
with the lid on place your cabbage into
the pot with the open cord side down use
tongs to place the cabbage in the pot if
it is too warm for your hands return the
lid to the pot to allow the cabbage to
steam with the open side down the inside
of the cabbage will cook along with the
outside after three or four minutes the
cabbage should be bright and ready for
you to peel the individual leaves off
use your tongs to carefully pull away
each leaf and set it aside on a
parchment paper lined baking sheet if
the leaves are cracking and ripping when
you try to separate them from the rest
of the cabbage they are not ready to be
removed return the lid to the pot and
allow the cabbage to steam a little
longer continue this process until you
have separated the individual leaves
from the cabbage head
visit a quote blue flame kitchen comps
for more tips