this week's Feast Tiana's bees from
Princess and the
Frog beet are a New Orleans classic
they're so good I'll eat anything with
powdered sugar and honey breakfast lunch
dinner dessert mhm ding ding ding ding
ding what are you waiting for let's get
cooking let's do it beet are a New
Orleans Classic this delicious treat was
brought to Louisiana in the 18th century
and they've certainly made their Mark in
Tiana's day to-day life so if you just
so happen to get hired to make beet for
a ball then this recipe is for you beet
are extremely simple to make and are
best when served fresh sort out your dry
and wet ingredients and let's get
cooking whisk your dry ingredients
together in a bowl and set aside we're
adding in a little extra flavor to the
dough with cinnamon and Nutmeg yum in a
larger Bowl combine your buttermilk egg
water and vanilla extract whisk until
combined pour in your flour mixture a
bit at a time and continue whisking to
avoid clumping
keep stirring and whisking until your
mixture turns into a thicker dough flour
a surface and place your dough on top
flatten it out with a rolling pin so
that it's roughly a/4 of an inch thick
using a knife or pizza cutter carve out
rectangles then slice it into even
squares meanwhile bring a pot of oil to
325Â° carefully slide in your beignet
into the oil and let them cook on each
side fully before flipping them over dry
them off on the paper towel then sift
some powdered sugar over the top of your
fresh hot beignet ah yes it's snowing
every morning you decide to have these
for breakfast voila easy as that beignet
are simple elegant and a great size
portion for a tasty morning treat Tiana
certainly knew what she was doing
because this is definitely one of our
tastiest feasts
ever yay beignet yay they're so cute and
it looks like there's snow on them they
are so cute and they are so delish
looking delish all right well we got
tested to make sure let's see
M oh you can taste the cinnamon too mhm
and if you want that extra princess in
the Frog Touch DZ a little honey
top that's a good idea you want some cuz
there's a hole right for it
wow man Cafe demon ain't got nothing on
us Cafe Deon oh my God I W and B sugar
went
everywhere these are delicious mhm
it's just a natural reaction that just
happens yeah it is like literally it
just happens and Midway through I'm like
oh shoot you're doing that weird thing
again delicious beet from Princess and
the Frog success such a success how many
thumbs four all of them thank you so
much for watching everybody be sure to
let us know in the comments what you
guys want us to make next we'll see you
next time bye bye
oh