hello folks Lindsay here The Frugal
crafter today we're going to get out our
cut pencils and our ink and our stamps
and the Press flowers that we made the
other day in the microwave and we're
going to make a really cool on layer
card it's going to be quick it's going
to be easy it's going to be fun
wo okay my kids are back in school today
for the first day and I've been playing
with resin so you know probably between
the fumes and having a whole day to
myself I'm a little crazy let's go to
the table and uh and make a before I
embarrass myself any further here we
go all
righty oh I'm giddy um here I have a
really fun um dress form stamp from Las
Coast Designs that I'm going to use here
I'm just inking it up with a little
momento
ink actually I think I might wipe away
some of the ink that is um that I just
put on there I am really uh doing it
right today aren't I I'm going to pull
I'm going to just going to wipe away
some of that ink because um we're
actually going to use pressed flowers in
place of the skirt on this card so I
just um I don't want have too much going
on there
underneath um on the card
because I don't want it to show through
on the flowers at this point I probably
should stop the video and start over
again but you know me in editing that's
just not going to happen we're going to
keep on checking I put makeup on for
goodness sake we're going with
it all right so um I'm stamping on this
hard mat I don't know how well this is
going to stamp so I'm giving it a few
seconds and a nice squish there to make
sure the ink
transfers there and most of my ink
didn't transfer from the skirt that's
fine I just wanted to make sure that um
I wasn't going to have any dark lines
under that now I'm going to take a
little Mod
Podge right here you could use any sort
of glue you want honestly I'm using Mod
Podge cuz I happen to have it right here
and I'm going to use a paintbrush to
gently apply some glue to to my press
flowers I have these two um white flocks
I think they are and I'm going to build
I'm using two to kind of build the skirt
here so since this one has a big stem I
think I'm going to put that one down
first and look at your flowers remember
we did these in the microwave I have a
video on that um on my blog and on my
YouTube channel so if you wanted to
check that out you can do that but
basically we just Zapped some flowers in
the microwave between some paper oh
telephone hang on a moment
hey there I'm back that was my husband
wondering what I was if I needed
anything in town told him about my
ambitious dinner plans I saw a recipe
online today wish me the best folks um
so I did glue that one down because I
kind of got distracted while I was
gabbing on the phone hard to believe and
um I'm going to glue this one down but
first i'm going to color that cuz last
time when I made this card and I showed
it on my blog I glued that down first
and then I had to squeeze in around to
color it that's not the way to do things
folks this is the way to do things color
first so I've got my prismacolor pencils
I'm going zoom in a little bit there
just so you can see me color turn this
around and wait for it to focus there we
go and um I work dark to light light
when I work with pencils and when I work
with markers I know it sounds a little
crazy that's just how I roll but
actually the reason I do it is because
um this is card stock it's a little tooy
but not too toothy so um it's only going
to take so much color and I really want
to make sure I get that contrast in
right off the bat so I'm going in with
my um dark pink this is prismacolor
raspberry PC 1030 if you want to know
exactly what then I'm going in and
layering over some pink I think this is
Carnation pink I'll read it in a second
for
you I want to blend it out as I go see I
can kind of use this color to blend over
my darker color but it's it's almost
it's easier to lighten up color penc
pencil I found that is to darken it up
so that's why I go in with my darks
first and as far as watercolors and
markers which I also go dark first I
find that it's it's nice to set your um
Shadows first and then
um then you can go in and add your
highlights and stuff you do have to
reserve some highlights and watercolor
but uh for the most
part I like to just uh I like to go in
with my darks first place my darkest
layers and I'm just giving a little
white trim very
like again this is a stamp by Lost Coast
Designs that's my fancy radio announcer
voice this is from Lost Coast design
spinning the hits all day long giddy Mom
with her kids back to
school oh boy I think the resin fumes
are have uh overtaken my senses and I
just kind of work the colors back and
forth till I get what I'm
after probably should put my glasses
back on I have no idea how this is
coming
out and if I want I can get a what I um
going a little bit with a little bit of
white on this mannequin here just to
bring it away from the background I uh
stamped this on a uh craft colored card
stock because I knew I wanted to
um I wanted to use color pencils and
color pencils are quite opaque actually
even though it doesn't seem like they
would be they're quite opaque and and um
you can they really stand out on a
colored card stock like this plus craft
seems to go with everything all right so
I'm going to zoom back out again now
that we've got that colored and what a
coloring job it is folks there we go now
I'm going to glue on this next uh the
next layer and so look at your flowers
figure out what side you want to show
boy they're both pretty but I think I
want this side to show use your
paintbrush to apply Mod Podge or Elmer's
Glue any sort of um water based glue
because it won't make your petals go
transparent and just you want to be very
gently and if you have like a um uh like
a glue with just a Precision tip you
don't have to use a brush you can just
go in and and um just dot dot not a lot
here and there and you'll be fine you
just want to make sure that you're going
to get a nice smooth coverage everywhere
so you don't have those petals lifting
up on
you
there and also if you use a paintbrush
in your jar Mod Podge instead of like
um dumping it out you won't end up with
a gluey mess on the threads and it won't
get stuck shut on
you let's very gently layer that down
and press it down onto your
card and you might want to put a piece
of wax paper over that and lay a book on
top so it can fully um fully press flat
while it dries and if you want to
embellish it you can add like a um you
can add a stamp sentiment or you could
add a little ribbon Banner or a die cup
cut you could punch the edge to make it
fancier whatever you want to do but
there you have it very easy fun card
using a very beautiful stamp from Lost
Coast Designs and a little of your
Ingenuity and some flowers you found in
the yard fancy thank you so much for
watching give me a thumbs up if you like
this video subscribe if you haven't
already so you never miss a piece of
crafty film
amazingness yeah until next time happy
crafting oh another quick tip open a
window when you use the resin otherwise
you'll act like me you don't want that
to happen to you okay that's it
bye-bye