hello cave-dwellers today we're tackling
a menace that affects all of us I think
at collector's yellowing plastics years
of UV light combined with anti flammable
chemicals impregnated in the plastics
react to make the plastics turn this
horrible tobacco yellow color over time
after that years of dirt and grime on
top 34 years worth in this case and your
old hardware can look a shadow of its
former glory so today I'm tackling it
head-on and here are my weapons
first up bog-standard washing up liquid
this one's lemon any flavor will do
baking powder for fluffy muffins
apparently any baking powder will do and
finally be blond maximum cream peroxide
the UK number one blondie brand or
something similar will do the key really
is to find a cream based product so that
it's easy to apply and how will we put
these products to use well in this
example I'm restoring a trs-80 model 100
that's largely irrelevant the method can
be applied to any plastics in the same
stage whether it be an external disc
drive a radio an old television it
begins by separating the electronic
components inside from the case we want
to make sure all of those components are
tucked away safely and we're only
working with the plastics once we're
down to the plastic we'll start with the
first step which is just to give it a
good wash with the washing-up liquid
taking your time to work around the
plastics and lift in any surface dirt
don't worry too much about more stubborn
stains or for example there are pen and
pencil marks on this case because we'll
get to them in the next step this
particular computer was found in a
rubbish bin despite the cosmetic
condition it's in perfect working order
and it's been most of his life in a dust
free lab environment so the insides are
actually in really good condition it's
just the exterior which needs to be
cleaned up to match the inside with the
plastic wipe down the next step then is
to move on to the baking powder we're
using the baking powder as a very mild
abrasive working it onto the case with
the cloth here and using that abrasive
property to lift
a fine fine layer of plastic off the top
and any dirt with it including the
pencil marks that were on this case and
some other more stubborn black marks be
especially careful around any details
like the print pause and brake buttons
here as I imagine it we're very
difficult to source replacement decals
this particularly stubborn mark in the
corner came up nicely with the baking
powder also on each step make sure you
cover every single part of the case as
tedious as it may seem the last thing
you want is one yellow patch left at the
end of it so take your time with the
baking powder finished you'll want to
let your plastics dry naturally you may
want to use this time to work on any
other parts you want to refurbish for
example I'm using a brush to clean out
the keyboard here of years of lunches
fingernails and who knows what else
we'll find under there want a stage
three them I've laid out some cling film
on my table here placed the plastic on
top of it and then carefully put the
peroxide cream onto the plastics now
remember this will bleach anything that
it touches there try not to get on your
clothes your hands or your beard that
could be particularly embarrassing a
nice even spread is key dab it into any
nooks and crannies and then also brush
it to get even coverage we don't want
the cream to dry out during this process
so make sure there's a good water of
cream on there when you're happy that
you've applied that the next step is to
wrap it up in the cling film and just
seal it up nice and tight to make sure
none spills out also try to keep the
coverage of the cling film failure even
because you want an even distribution of
UV light to get through it with it all
sealed up it's time for me to do
something very rare which is to leave
the retro man cave and go outside into
the sunlight because sunlight is the
next key ingredient to this process I've
placed our rat up trs-80 in a nice sunny
spot here in the garden deep in the
showers of Britain and here's where it
will remain for several hours in this
case I left it out for three hours
occasionally and just massaging the
peroxide cream around the plastics to
make sure it hadn't dried out and there
is even coverage there is a danger if
you leave out too long that you'll end
up with the blooming effect on the
plastics so be conservative in your
estimate the best thing to do is to just
check regularly because you'll see the
process in action aside from that note
of caution
take a moment to enjoy the sunshine I
recommend wine as part of the process
and you'll also notice from the follicle
challenge that I face that purchasing
blonde hair dye with no small task for
me after three hours I unwrapped it and
wiped it down with some clean cold water
and you can immediately see the
difference here even under the slightly
yellow hue of mine on studio lights
it's an incredible transformation and
the Machine bears no resemblance to the
look it had three hours ago I've
repeated the process on the keyboard
just gently dabbing some onto the white
areas of the keyboard and repeating the
process for an hour and a half before
putting it together here a fine addition
to the collection I think you'll agree
so here are some before and after
pictures and now crisp a Radio Shack
trs-80 logo previously covered in grime
with pen and pencil marks and lots of
Akko yellow plastic
[Music]
another example here highlighting just
how yellow it was before and one more
side-by-side comparison of it all put
back together so this was a very
introductory guide on how to restore the
plastics of your old computers I would
encourage you to read up on further
considerations for example lacquering is
an option to stop the oxygen from
getting to it again and preventing that
yellowing process from starting again
but for now thanks for watching
hopefully that's been useful for you if
it has why not take a moment to LIKE and
subscribe to my channel and come back
soon take care cave-dwellers bye bye
[Music]
you