what's up guys welcome back to my
kitchen today I want to show you a
method I've been utilizing for about two
years now and it makes my milk prep
super simple you just need a rice cooker
a slow cooker and however much food you
want to prep so this is really a set it
and forget it method I can put this
stuff in get our bowen and go do
whatever i need to do go to the gym go
shop and whatever come back 9 hours
later and it's done sitting here I can
sort it out we're good to go so I'm
gonna show you how I do just that guys
and what you need to look out for when
you're buying a crock pot or a rice
cooker is to make sure it has a keep
warm function that's what's going to
make it to where you can set it and
forget it come back later and finish
your prep super easy it's like it's only
like ten dollars more to get that
function and it's I'm telling you that
is some of the best money you'll ever
spend now with my chicken breasts I
bought two big packs at the store that
equates to about nine to ten pounds that
will last me about five to six days on
my meal prep so I've already trimmed the
fat off of it so all I'm gonna do is
place it in the crock-pot you don't have
to some people prefer to cube it up
before they put it in I find that it
shreds just fine y'all gonna do is trim
the outside edges up and get those nasty
fat grizzly pieces off of there and put
it in here
I'm telling you there is not a better
way to make chicken than this
and voila I'm gonna wash my hands real
quick and I'm gonna show you how I
season it I'm going to introduce you to
a woman very near and dear to my heart a
woman that's never let me down
missus - such a wonderful lady she is
but these seasonings are great if you've
never used them before they don't have
any sodium zero calories all natural
ingredients and they taste great I like
to mix a couple together in here you got
to do kind of things you're cooking I
found the chicken so you got to think
that it eats too spread out from the
entire batch and a little bit of black
pepper and voila there we go
as you can see I got my chicken in the
crock-pot it's all seasoned added some
water now the only thing left to do is
put the lid on it
keep in mind you're cooking chicken
breast low for eight hours or high for
four hours in a crock pot and if you
thought the chicken was easy the rice is
even easier the only general rule of
thumb is that how many cups of rice you
prepare you want to put double the
amount of water in your rice cooker so
we are doing four cups of rice today
that will work perfectly with the amount
of chicken on cooking you can add
seasonings in here if you want some
people like to do that I like my wife
and rice pretty please so I don't feel
the need to do that but you can if you
want
I already got eight cups of water
measured out in a bowl here I'm gonna
put this in
and there you have it that's literally
all there is to it
besides closing the lid of course set
and forget it so we got our food cooking
and now we just gotta wait on it but
that's the joy of it you don't really
even have to wait on it there's there's
a whole world out there to explore you
know leave this here and just go enjoy
yourself and that's what we're going to
do and we'll be back soon all right we
were back from all the activities we've
been doing it's time to check on our
food and see where we're at rice is done
and chicken is done as well now we are
going to shred it
I've drained the water from the chicken
and it is now completely shredded as you
can see it looks great
we got our Rice done we also have meal
prep containers we're getting ready to
sort it out I'm going for about five
days of food here so I'm use my food
scale we're gonna weigh everything out
make sure it's working fitting our goals
and that's pretty much it let's get to
it and there you have it guys meal prep
is done we got everything sorted and
weighed out I actually have about five
days where the food here I'm eating
three these a day at the moment you
might ask well where are your vegetables
at let me just show you a little trick
you can buy steam bags of vegetables you
throw this guy in the microwave for like
six seven minutes and it pops out your
veggies are fresh this is Brussels
sprouts you can get a lot of different
styles of veggies pick your poison but
uh steam them microwave them and you can
literally just add them to your meals I
like to do vegetables daily or every
couple days just cuz they don't seem to
hold as long so one of these bags is
gonna be my serving of vegetables for
one day I'm eating three of these in a
day there you have it and all I had to
do is put in the microwave so with that
that wraps up my whole cooking chicken
rice meal prep video if you have any
questions or anything don't relieve me a
question in the comments but I think
it's pretty cut and dried what you
should do so there's no excuse why you
can't meal prep and have the body you've
always wanted so um I'll talk to you
guys later hope you enjoyed this
subscribe like all that good stuff guys
we'll see it