[Music]
making your own sunti is a fun summer
DIY project all you need to get started
is a glass mason jar I'm just going to
make a single serving but if you want to
make a bigger amount feel free to just
use a bigger jar you do want to use the
lid that's going to keep ants and bugs
away and then your favorite tea that
you'd like to brew I'm using hibiscus
tea today so all I'm going to do is take
a tea bag for a single
serving drop it into my jar put the lid
on and now we'll go put it in the sun
and we'll let it sit in the Sun for a
full
[Music]
day our sun tea is finished brewing and
it's ready to go we're going to make it
really pretty by adding some fresh
fruits so let's pour the sun tea over
some
ice I'm going to add a little bit of
fresh orange juice
[Music]
just a little
squeeze and then some fresh
fruits if you like your tea a little
sweetened you can add a little maple
syrup some
[Music]
raspberries and just for a little
something fun and tasty we're going to
add a little
cinnamon and just a pinch of cloves
this really goes well with the orange
flavor and there you've got a refreshing
summer beverage you can just pop a lid
on it and take it along with you to the
gym or wherever you're headed maybe the
beach and sip
[Music]
away enjoy
[Music]