we're here to help get your end ground
fence up and running so your pet can
have the freedom to enjoy his yard the
wire break locator is designed to find
complete breaks in the boundary wire in
addition to the wire break locator kit
you will also need two triple A
batteries wire breaks are commonly found
at the wire exit point of the house
where the twisted pair of wires enters
the ground from the house where the
wires cross driveways or sidewalks
around landscaping due to digging or
were working up the soil unplug the AC
power adapter from the transmitter
disconnect the boundary wires from the
transmitter connect the two boundary
wires to the two red loop wire
connectors on the wire break locator
transmitter for proper operation of the
transmitter to separate grounding wires
must be connected to the black ground
terminals of the wire break locator
transmitter strip 3/8 of an inch of the
insulation off the wire on one end of
the spool insert the stripped end of the
spool into one of the ground terminals
on the wire break locator transmitter
each ground connection on the
transmitter must be connected to a
separate grounding stake cut the wire
and strip two inches of the insulation
off the wire to connect to the grounding
stake place the wire through the small
hole in the grounding stake and twist
the wires tightly make sure the copper
is making good connection with the metal
on the grounding stake repeat these
steps on the second grounding stake for
proper electrical grounding the earth
must be wet several gallons of water may
need to be poured around the grounding
stakes to moisten dry earth insert the
grounding stakes into the ground about
eight inches deep with about 2 inches
remaining from the end verify that the
loop and ground wire connections at the
wire brake locator transmitter are
securely installed the wire brake
transmitter is powered using a radio
systems corporation 12 volt AC adapter
plug in the power adapter the green
light will flash quickly indicating
power is supplied install two Triple A
alkaline batteries in the receiver set
the am/fm selector to a.m. turn the
receiver on and adjust the tuning dial
to the lower end of the tuning band
below six twenty kilohertz when possible
attach the receiver to the mounting
fixture on the expandable handle using
the two cable ties the receiver speakers
should be located at the back side of
the fixture do not over tighten the
cable ties wrap the silver receiver neck
loop around the pole
the transmitter outputs a separate
unique signal on each of the boundary
wires connected to the wire break
locator transmitter a continuous low
frequency tone is transmitted on one of
the boundary wires an intermittent
higher tone is transmitted on the other
boundary wire the receiver is used to
pick up these tones be sure to separate
the wires by several feet to prevent
both signals from being picked up
together adjust the receiver volume so
the signals are loud enough to easily
hear the tones over normal outdoor noise
while trying to locate the brake swing
the unit from side to side and continue
in the direction with the greatest sound
volume as you near a break or pass over
a brake the volume will decrease and or
it will change from one tone to the
other this will depend upon whether
there are multiple brakes for a single
brake the tone will change from one to
another
intermittent to continuous or continuous
to intermittent there will be a decrease
in sound volume over the break if there
are multiple breaks the sound volume
will decrease and disappear at the brake
you
using the receiver the two transmitted
signals mix over the twisted pair going
from the transmitter to the boundary
loop you will hear both the
low-frequency continuous tone and the
higher frequency intermittent tone
together
if both wires are damaged in the twisted
pair the signal from the receiver will
decrease as you near the break and quit
after you have passed the break when you
get to the end of the twisted pair at
the boundary loop the signals will
separate again and you will hear one
signal as you follow the boundary wire
in one direction and you will hear the
other signal as you follow the boundary
wire in the other direction
choose a boundary direction and continue
walking along the boundary wire when you
come to a break in the boundary wire
there will be either no signal or the
signal will cross over from intermittent
to continuous or continuous to
intermittent once you've identified the
general location of the wire break move
the receiver two to three feet from the
break turn the volume down on the
receiver until you only hear the sound
when you are directly over the wire move
the receiver towards the wire break when
the sound disappears you have located
the break the break should be directly
below the receiver when you have found
the location of the wire break you will
need to dig the wire ends out of the
ground to make the repairs be careful
not to damage the wire by digging four
to five inches to the side of the wire
strip approximately three eighths of an
inch of insulation off the ends of the
boundary wires to be spliced make sure
the copper boundary wire is not corroded
insert the stripped ends into the wire
nut and twist the wire nut around the
wires ensure that there is no copper
exposed beyond the end of the wire nut
tie a knot three to four inches from the
wire nut ensure that the wire nut is
secured on the wire splice once you have
securely spliced the wires together open
the lid of the gel-filled capsule and
insert the wire nut as deeply as
possible into the waterproof gel inside
the capsule snap the lid of the capsule
shut if your splice pulls loose the
entire system will fail so make sure
your splice is secure make sure to have
enough wire to repair the break you will
need a length of wire at least two feet
longer than the distance between the two
ends of exposed clean copper wire after
you have repaired the wire break take
the receiver and continue walking around
the boundary to verify there are no more
wire breaks if there are no more wire
breaks you will hear intermittent and
continuous tones all the way around the
boundary connect your fence transmitter
to the boundary wire and check that the
loop light is lit
if the loop light is not lit there may
be another break in a wire for solutions
not shown in a video
please consult the operating guide or
visit pet safe net
we invite you to visit WWF Lex pets calm
call us today at 877 nine zero two eight
one three two or email us at info at
Flex pets calm and experience the Flex
pets difference