beautiful card twist hi and welcome to a
video on how to make some carrot twist
this is what I call a carrot twist here
it's a nice little garnish for food
presentation how do I do that
you take your car out you peel it and
then you make thin slice out of it using
a peter put it flat run the peter down
this way okay try to make a long piece
that goes then you put it in over here
that ball is at 350 degree I'm sorry
that already is at 325 degree you don't
want it higher than that then you take
it out when you see they cooked dry it
right away on a paper tower I'm using a
steel here and I just twist it around
the steel very quickly I'm holding it
for 5 second tenser can't eat it cool
down on it and then I put it up this way
and here you have a beautiful card twist
okay I'm going to make another one
don't put too many other time here if
you put too many at a time you're not
going to be able to work fast enough
with all of them and you're just going
to waste some so what you do you put one
wait 20 seconds and then add another one
like this you have a time to share this
one while this one is finishing cooking
if you enjoyed the video please let me
know press the like button if you didn't
subscribe to my channel yet please
subscribe I want to thank all my
subscriber for the support I really
appreciate that they're growing every
day and you really please me a lot a
little bit go even not cooked enough
after you twist them they're just not
going to keep the shape and so it's very
important but they cook right you're
going to need to practice on some of
them before you get it right maybe I
just be persistent
okay take it hub twisted there's cooler
take it off beautiful cow twist
good
make sure you cool down before you
remove it from this to beautiful card
twist now this one going goes to here
what's your important it's a little salt
of course the salt is here for flavor
and also it is a little bit moisture
left and to that camera it's going to
absorb it and allow you to keep them
crisp for a longer time
take it out dry it quickly feed if it's
nice and dry then roll it fast let it
cool down
and remove it beautiful car twist thank
you I think okay bye-bye