welcome to date night cook recipe
tonight blueberry and Brie puffs or as I
like to call them blue Brie Puffs all
you need for this
recipe Pho pastry this is in the freezer
section in your grocery store you will
find it there just give it a couple
hours to defrost at room temperature
three cheese you might want to stick
this in the freezer for an hour or so
before using it it'll be a little bit
easier to cut into and work and
blueberry pie filling now if you really
foodie you can make this yourself and
make it from scratch this is store
bought stuff trust me works really well
and to make this recipe a little more
interesting and put a little spin on
it I have some for shudo what we're
going to do with this is we're going to
stick it in the oven get it nice and
crispy and have it kind of like a bacon
bed on top you'll see really neat one
other thing you want to pick up at the
store while you're there is one of these
it's the reusable muffin tin this was
three bucks and you don't have to have
it for this recipe
you can just fold over the P tree but
trust me this is going to save you a lot
of mess and headache so the first thing
you want to do preheat your oven to
375Â° now first we're going to prepare
the Bri and what you want to do is just
take it and you want to cut all of this
rind off I love Brie it's delicious but
this rind just doesn't work the easiest
way to do this take your Brie cut it in
half like we have
here after it's been frozen just flip it
down like so
take your knife and just slice these big
edges right
up then from there you can just go all
the way
around and cut off the rest of this
r
try to work relatively quickly the Bree
will start becoming warm again and it
will start getting melty and sticky on
you so once you have
this most of the r is off you just need
nice little neat pieces of Breeze that
you'll be able to put inside the
pastry and as you can see it's already
getting sticky on
me
for the size of the pastry I'm going to
make this is about the size I want you
can go bigger you can go smaller all
depends on the size of the bite you want
to get for the
pastry when you get it out of the
wrapper you want to just gently unroll
it when you cutting board like
so
carefully transfer it over to your
cutting
surface and what we're looking to do
here is cut little squares of it that
would fit nly inside her
10 so as you can see here just about
nine pieces will
do
if you have a pizza slicer you can pull
it out
here place it right in the middle of the
of the
mold and try to keep it as centered as
possible you want to create a little
pocket which you're going to fill with
your uh cheese and
stuffing now as you notice here I tried
to create nice even ridges all the way
around to capture all the filling that
is going to be inside there and see it
doesn't need to look perfect it just
needs to hold the pocket once this
starts getting Golden Brown from the
baking it's going to look beautiful no
matter how rough the edges look super
simple from here on out that was the
hardest part simply take your Bree and
pop one piece in the middle of each
one the bre is in and you want about
half a tablespoon to a full
spoon of your blueberry very fie filling
right on
top and now these things are ready to go
into the oven did I forget the Pudo no
that's going to go in the oven
separately we want to get it nice and
crispy and that's going to give us a
nice little salty addition to this bite
all you got to do here just place it
right on a baking sheet you have thin
foil great use it if you don't don't
worry about it it's not going to stick
I'm just making the clean up a little
bit easier for
myself
when you have it laid out just like
so pop it in the
oven leave it just to the side because
we do need room for the Puffs now Puda
only needs to be in there for about 5 to
7 minutes that's about half of the
cooking time for the Puffs the Puffs
need to be there for about 12 to
14 but we'll pop them in right
now that way we have a little bit of
time in between to uh take the Puda out
get it nice and crispy into little bits
and go from there 5 minutes later PUD
should be nice and
crispy pull it
out and this is what it's going to look
like now leave your Puffs in odds are
there nowhere near being done yet but
this is a good time to take your Pudo
and get it all cooled off and ready to
be crumbled to do this simply transfer
it to a paper
towel looks bendy for now but as soon as
it cools it's going to start snapping
into
pieces good pter should be nice and thin
so it will cool quickly as if you can
see here starts getting nice and firm
and just snaps right into pieces this is
perfect you want this and now we wait 5
more minutes and we're almost done after
about 12 14 minutes the pops are ready
to come out pull them out and this is
exactly what you want to see bobbling
melted cheese your blueberries and nice
golden edges of the off pastry plating
super easy once they're cool enough to
touch just get them
out put them on your plate once you got
three of them nicely lined up like that
on your plate for shoter time and just
crumple those pieces right on
top make sure to get good amount into
those little cups you want to get that
in the bite it gives you a little bit of
crispiness little Crunch and little salt
just Mak it a a perfect bite and feel
free to sprinkle some around on a plate
as well just with a dramatic effect I
find that red color and the White Blade
just looks so
good blue Bri Puffs your date will love
this blue Bree Puffs oh looks really
good please like and share this video
check us out on social media and check
out dat night cook.com for even more
good stuff
is like really really
good should take more of
that