but if you close hey everyone it's me
Madeleine and today we are going to be
baking cookies in my car I had already
gone to the store and everything I don't
know if I did this intro or not so
that's why I'm doing it afterwards so
just make sure you watch the whole video
to see if it worked or not so don't
forget to give the video a like and
subscribe down below and let's get into
the video so I'm in the car right now
because I'm about to go to the store and
get cookies I'm just going to get
pre-made ones I was going to make a
cookie dough batter that was a Gliss
because obviously you're not supposed to
eat raw cookie dough and whatever but
personally I still do it I don't care
and I'm not ready yet I just woke up as
you can probably tell from my voice I
haven't talked yet toast really low you
want to get the cookies in the car at
the hottest time of the day and you want
to give it plenty of time to cook well
I'm going to have to hurry and you'll
get cookies and get them in here by at
least 12:30 because that's about the
hottest time of the day and it just gets
hotter and hotter and hotter and then
starts going down obviously for
nighttime I had originally planned today
because it was supposed to get up to 102
well I just looked at the weather and
it's only 93 I don't think that cookies
are going to cook very well or it's
going to take a longer amount of time it
will do it today and see but it's kind
of cloudy out so I don't think it's
going to work very well so we're going
to do two tests if it doesn't work today
then I will do it another day on a
hotter day they say you want the weather
to be about 95 and it's only 93 so
all right so I am back I just got this
type of cookie dough I don't know
Pillsbury I got this so I could happen
I'm probably not going to make all of it
today just in case it doesn't work I
don't want to waste an entire thing of
cookie dough I'm going to go home and
get ready and charge my camera a little
bit because I've been vlogging on it so
it's kind of dying all right
let's just go home hurry up and get
these cookies out in my car and
hopefully it works I am looking a little
bit more presentable I only put
eyelashes on and some eyeliner and
filled in my eyebrows a little bit other
than that did it put anything on because
I'm too lazy and I need to hurry and get
these cookies out there because it is
already 12 o'clock so they said do not
line the pan with like parchment paper
or anything I'm not going to be lining
it also I do not have any butter or
anything to make them not stick I know
you're probably asking how the heck do
you know how butter I don't know ask my
parents and I forgot that we didn't have
butter I literally just went to the
store and got this I could have easily
got butter anyway so we are going to be
taking a cookie dough and I guess cut it
in half just in case it doesn't work it
so hop cookie dough left over they said
you want them to be relatively thin
because obviously it's not going to cook
all the way through if it's not so I
think we're just going to do about that
size there is the six cookies let's go
take these outside hey Charlie look
there's me fluffy kitties are you too
cool for me hi yeah stretchy hi baby
thank you for being here for the camera
so my cat voice is so annoying
hi Vivi oh wait I'm supposed to cover it
hang on going back inside you're
supposed to cover with plastic wrap I
guess to kind of be more hygienic just
cooking them in your cars
kind of girl we got the saran wrap on
and I ended up taking it down so that it
was not touching the cookies or else it
was like laying down so I taped it tight
as you can see like food plastic wrap
isn't touching the cookies now let's
head outside so just like all my videos
I am just winging it
right now I kinda read about it but not
a lot so my car has been preheating you
guys want to see a car tour or more
about my car the video will be linked
down below I cleaned it and talked about
it so yeah so there are the cookies on
the dashboard feel like the chocolate
chips are already melting I don't know
but I'm going to go inside and see what
time it is I know it's about 12:30 and
we will come back out here about every
hour and check on the cookies
I'm so excited why am I so forgive
excited for this there's the Sun right
above us so it is about 12:20 right now
so we will go back out at 1:30 and then
2:30 3:30 4:30 I'm going to set an alarm
so I remember and let's see what the
weather is outside so currently it is 94
and it's not supposed to get very hot
today but as you can see down here to
see 101 101 102 so if it does not work
today I will be retrying this but I
guess we will see also I just want to
add just in here I know a lot of people
are going to be like why would you wait
three hours when you can just put them
in the oven for 20 minutes it's fun and
I'm just seeing if it works because I
always hear about how it's still hot
outside you could bake cookies in your
car or you can fry an egg if it works
and that's freaking awesome
I don't know obviously I'm not going to
bake cookies in my car ever again just
to enjoy them like it's just something
fun to do and an experiment and for
those who don't live in a climate like
Texas or Arizona
all of y'all were fighting about the
Haunted state I know in Texas is not the
hot escape we are known for our weather
and I had to say I was from Texas okay
you so please don't yell at me anyway
when I say like for those who live in
colder climate to credit for you guys to
see how Hanukkah where we live and if
actually can bake cookies in our car
like I don't know are three good sister
spoon they're joke on a rainy GTA
so ah it's a Sun enjoy the video please
y'all be negative in the comments down
below I know that's the world we live in
nowadays where you always have to fight
it off something I can say my favorite
color is yellow and somebody will find
something to argue about that you know
like that's what we live in today but
whatever
I know stretches
Honus again if you hadn't watched them
how to fry an egg video go read the
comments on the video it is very comical
everybody fighting about how hot it is
in there today and how because we the
only thing kisses guitar Lala I
notations and dollar huh alright I know
the difference I will see you guys in
about an hour my alarm is now going off
so we are going for our first check-in
and I'm actually really scared I don't
know why I'm so nervous I feel like
something went wrong I don't know why
alright they started to flatten out
though I think the reason why they look
gross is because of the plastic wrap but
they flied down I think right they look
like they're kind of baking oh I'm so
excited
all right so this is check-in number 1
1:30 so we will be back I'm so sad that
I have to get up because my cat Lionel
had just started snuggling with me baby
I'll be right back I hope you stay ok
anyway so my alarm for 2:30 just went
off and we are going to go check on the
cookie Lionel I'll be right back Michael
I'll be back
oh my gosh aww I think it's freaking
working no I was so excited what the
heck okay they have definitely flattened
out more they're no longer touching the
top oh my gosh y'all it is freaking
working I am happy to say that my car is
baking my cookies I am so excited that
it's actually working
oh my gosh alright I'm going to check
back in and an hour it is now 3:30 so
the cookies have been baking for about
three hours and Alice is our third
check-in I think this actually worked
I'm going to leave it in there for one
more check-in and then I'll probably
take it out I might not even have to do
this a second time I am so excited right
now you have no idea I'm so hyped I'm in
my brother's car right now because I am
going to go to chick-fil-a you're not
supposed to open up your car doors at
all because you're going to let some of
the heat out so I'm taking my brother's
car I'm probably to put some gas in
there for
because he's almost low so I'm going to
check fly Stephens working right now so
I want to go see my baby and we'll check
out my cookies when I get back I just
got back from chick-fil-a it is now 4:30
so I'm going to check on the cookies I
know you're not supposed to open up your
doors or anything but my car was no
longer in the Sun because it was in the
shade so my mom moved it for me the
first time I'm getting in and I'm going
to check on the cookies and see if
they're ready to take out of the oven
alright so they're like firm but also
squishy at the same time which I love
those type of cookies I might leave them
in here for another hour just because
I'm not in any rush but the Sun it's
kind of away it's behind this entire
cloud hopefully it'll come back out and
within the next hour I will take them
out it is now 4:30 and this is the grand
reveal we're going to see if they cooked
all the way or not alwah I can't even
grab that let me see I think I have
gloves back here
I can't even grabbed the forget pan I
didn't think about that
alright we got my little oven mitt
forgot to grab one y'all I think it
actually like worked decently to be on
it are you ready mom this is what they
look like right now so we're going to
remove film try and scoop one up hand I
can't remove it they smell so good dude
that's crazy
no it actually works yo that is crazy oh
my gosh and I love soft cookie so these
are going to be like legit the best
things ever I did my cars I'm literally
so excited right now my gosh and it
wasn't even freakin hot they're the
freakin cookies are it actually words
that are you excited
they really do my car smells good too
they're very fragile and chewy cement is
like a cookie not like a weird like
taste Oh under with the prospect like
the top oh you hear the crunch I think
there's so much plastic bees which is
probably bad because I like touch the
plastic but the cookie did bake bro that
would be easy to not burn cookies all
right crunchy yeah some more I am in my
room now and it's time to say goodbye so
in conclusion you can bake cookies in
your car and it was only about 94 out
and cloudy and it still worked so
imagine if I would have done it on like
a day that was 102 or 104 the weather
changed and it turned into a cloudy day
but I wanted to test it out and see if
it worked and it did so I don't have to
redo it I just feel like it would cook
faster if I did and probably would get
crispier because it could give her in
there for about four hours and they did
cook y'all I'm literally still hyped
right now because he didn't watch my egg
video and you didn't watch the ending
just watch the very very ending if you
haven't seen it yet so this time it
actually worked
I didn't mess with anything I let it do
its own thing and I have cookies er I'm
literally so frickin shocked and I'm so
hyped if you guys are still watching
please do not forget to give the video a
like and don't forget to subscribe down
below all of my social media will be
down below they're all ax mammal in my
snapchat which I will put a snap code
right here my Instagram my Twitter my
you now everything is ax Madeline so
make sure to turn on notifications so
you get notified and can keep up with my
life do not forget to click the bell
down there so you get notified when I do
post a video again this video is just
for fun I know I can put cookies in the
oven and bake it for 20 minutes and have
cookies like that but this is a fun
little experiment and I wanted to try it
so I hope you guys enjoyed the video and
I hope to see you guys in my next video
bye guys
[Music]