hey what's up everybody says you keep
chef Rob today we are flambe
some shrimp and we're making a tequila
lime shrimp let's jump right into it let
me show you how to make some tequila
lime shrimp let's do this
we need to get a really nice tequila and
that's gonna be kind of key for this
recipe also key for this recipe is a
good quality shrimp I devised to get the
deveined and shell ones because these
things were kind of a pain in the butt
to do but I got about a pound of that
and I'm also using some zoodles as our
base a spiralizer attachment for your
blender is super helpful here links in
the description to the one that I use
otherwise you're gonna be doing this by
hand and that kind of sucks
now our trip is gonna marinate just for
like ten minutes in like a tequila lime
ceviche and it's gonna be the juice of
about one lime
[Music]
one ounce of tequila goes in here and
then we're gonna put one ounce of
tequila in the shrimp we're gonna let
that sit off to the side now this whole
time this pan has been heating up and we
want to get this thing super hot and for
the zucchini noodles we're just gonna
add a bunch of salt and some olive oil
and that's that we're gonna eat these
raw actually we're not gonna cook it
[Music]
I got a nice serrano pepper here and
we're gonna mince that up and we're
gonna add it to our zoodles and we're
cutting here with a nice Damascus steel
night
[Music]
Michaelangelo company was nice enough to
give me a knife and I'm gonna give it
away to you guys so make sure you hit
the bell icon so you can know next week
when I'm giving this knife away you'll
get a notification if you hit that Bell
icon now this pan has been just heating
up and heating up it's super hot and
we're gonna flambe this shrimp by
lighting it tequila on fire we're only
gonna be cooking these shrimp for just a
second so we're gonna need an oil that
can stand up to it I'm gonna use
macadamia nut oil because it's smoked
point is super high and it tastes
amazing
[Music]
and we're gonna take some cumin and
we're going to toss it right into the
fire and that's going to add a nice
smoky Mexican flavor to this dish
[Music]
and for a little crunch into up a fat
we're gonna add some bacon in here but
now obviously you can make this in bulk
and make it for a party it's an awesome
party trick flam banging shrimp and let
me tell you heat or not people are gonna
be impressed with this now make sure you
share the video with someone you know
that would love to see this video as
always keep Aikido stay healthy peace
[Music]