hi my name is John and this is the igloo
and Sherpa from best friends by Sheree
now the igloo is one cool innovative bed
it provides 360-degree coverage that
helps your pet feel safe and secure when
they're on the inside now if you have a
little dog that has a tendency to burrow
under things under your furniture this
type of bed would be ideal for them they
are able to get that shelter in security
and have a better night's sleep as a
result of it the igloo is made with a
durable and flexible foam construction
that can hold its shape and also has
this cool handle right here that makes
it easy to maneuver around from place to
place one of the key features of this
particular igloo is this super soft
Sherpa fabric that is absolutely
irresistible to the touch the inside of
this bed features a removable and
reversible insert featuring cozy Sherpa
fabric on the top end and on the back
end
it's a cooling tricot fabric the bottom
of this bed features a tough nylon
fabric that resists both dirt and water
and also fashionably matches the color
theme of the bed and that is the igloo
and Sherpa from best friends by Cheri