[Music]
maybe it's a southern thing but I grew
up on soda cakes adding soda pop to a
dessert not only makes it super moist
and fluffy but it's fun now if you've
never had Dr Pepper cupcakes brace
yourselves because while these have this
rich chocy flavor with a hint of cherry
they are just as unique as the 23
flavors DP is known for to start we're
just going to add our flour granulated
sugar brown sugar baking soda and salt
into our large bowl and mix together
then just set this aside next we're
going to heat a saucepan over medium
high heat and add your Dr Pepper butter
and cocoa powder and cook for a few
minutes until the bubbles start to form
remove this from the Heat and then mix
it into your flour
[Music]
mixture now in a separate Bowl we're
just going to add our eggs buttermilk
and vanilla extract and mix together
pour this into the batter and continue
mixing until fully combined
now we're just going to line our cupcake
tin with wrappers and fill 3/4 of the
way full with your cupcake
batter bake at 350Â° for 20 to 25 minutes
for the icing we're just going to cream
together our butter until it's nice and
whipped and then add in our powdered
sugar and keep
mixing then slowly bead in your cream
cheese add your Dr Pepper and the cherry
[Music]
juice now we're just going to frost our
cupcakes and garnish them with a cherry
Dr Pepper gummy and a red
[Music]
straw these are the cutest cupcakes I
have ever seen in the entire world oh my
God they're so
cute all right where do I begin I got to
get a little bit of the cake and a
little bit of the
frosting Okay first of all the cake for
one is super moist it's almost gooey and
I love that Dr Pepper flavor and then
the frosting with that little bit of
cherry oh and I can't wait for the gummy
okay these cupcakes are so fun and I
love that they feature my favorite soft
drink I cannot wait for you guys to make
them hey and if you do be sure to post
your photo on Instagram use the # eat
the trend tagme at Brandy Malloy and
share this video with all your soft
drink loving friends and don't forget to
subscribe to pop sugar food I'm Brandy
and I'll see you next time bye by
[Music]