hello there everyone it's be and welcome
to my first video in
2K15 um excuse me where is my hoverboard
so because it's a new year new year All
That Jazz I know that a lot of us have
probably made the cruel and often
unrealistic resolution of eating healthy
and staying healthy and working out and
all that stuff so today because I know
that you guys have been really liking my
past videos to do with food cuz that's
all of our favorite topic obviously I
decided that a fun way to keep your
resolution alive and to also eat
something tasty is to show you a recipe
that I got from one of my best friends
Jane on how to make these vegan pancakes
and they have no eggs in them no Dairy
no nothing and they're really healthy
and so incredibly delicious you're going
to die dead it's just wow and if you do
like the recipe and end ofus in then
please send it to me on Twitter @
shanans I'm about 1 and 1/2 year late
but I finally got Snapchat you can add
me on it's at and elegance just like
everything and I just think it's a
really fun platform where have I been
seriously so without further Ado let's
get into it you're going to need any
sort of plant milk peanut butter
buckwheat flour sugar or any sweetener
and bananas so for one person you're
going to need 5 tablespoons of flour and
I use buckweed but you can use anything
you
[Music]
like you're also going to need one
banana and just mush it into the
[Music]
mixture next you'll need a half a cup of
milk and I love using coconut milk cuz
it gives a really creamy texture but you
can use almond or maybe hazelnut
whatever you like add 1 teaspoon of
peanut butter or you can add more cuz
peanut butter is
amazing and because I was not making
this for one person I had to add
multiple quantities of the ingredients
and basically just put as much in as you
need and if you like for it to be more
creamy then put more peanut butter or
more bananas or
[Music]
something and the hardest and the
messiest part of it all is definitely
the mixing and you have to make sure
that it's somewhat an even texture and
if it's too solid then you can add more
milk and basically mix it until it's all
smooth and I definitely recommend using
a hand blender cuz otherwise you will
not get it as liquid as you need for it
to be and now your mixture is
done and now the fun bit add some olive
oil into your pan or I actually
recommend coconut oil but I didn't have
it with me and start baking the pancakes
yum P you know you have to flip them
over when there's some bubbles on the
surface and I know my flipping gim here
is strong and basically continue until
your bowl is
[Music]
[Music]
empty and once all of them are done and
beautiful and golden I feel like the
best way to serve them is with some
marmalade or jam and I totally got
inspired by Paddington and got some
orange marmalade the movie was amazing
and I hope you guys enjoy the pancakes
cuz they turned out so
good thank you so much for watching if
you did enjoy this video then thumbs it
up with your thumbs like
that yeah let's expect some amazing
things from this new year and see you in
my next video goodbye
[Music]
here we go