I'm here to describe how to replant iris
after digging them up since they've
grown too thick Esther there's this pile
which shows that there's a lot of stuff
that's built on top of other and the
other ones are starting to get old and
rotten and so they need to be brought up
and then obviously the weave needs to be
taken out so we're going to just dig
this clump up and then we're going to
show you how you separate it and prepare
it for replanting I have to go down
really too deeply to be able to get it
dug out
Oh
so for example these roots are mostly
things that go along superficially now
part of the superficial mess is because
this ground has a lot of mulch in it and
these roots will go very superficially
along that they really need to have some
good dirt to be able to get them down
and read it downwards but if we look at
this bench and pull it apart brute force
see this one doesn't have many roots
growing near it a little more on this
side but this essentially is kind of
dead now it has grown upon itself but
essentially isn't really going to grow
any more it isn't going to do much
similar to this it's kind of not there
is one little piece there that that
could grow into another thing but there
are going to be more beneficial ones
such as this one which has got some nice
good roots along it we do take off the
old dead pieces because those really
aren't going to be growing any more but
you can see there's a little bit of
growth there and growth there and before
we replant that
we cut that off because that just would
take the strength of the plant to build
to keep those leaves going whereas now
the strength can go into regrowing more
risk to be able to put this in so that
one's ready for us to replant similar to
this see it was growing on top of that
one but it's got some nice beautiful
roots there we also can shave the roots
a little because these roots now are
going to be used just to anchor the
rhizome when we put it back in the
ground and there will be new roots being
generated
so that'll be another great book
let's see this is just best maybe to
wait until fall when the winter weight
rains are going to be there to help okay
you can see that one's filled up on one
down here one beside it
this one's struggling to do something in
there so it was obvious these needed to
be taken out and then you take the old
piece off see that they're not as many
roots on that old part
so we preserve the good
I do use the trouble to put them back in
okay
they they like the Sun definitely they
like to be in a sunny spot there's I
don't think that there are many plants
that it would have trouble being near
but what you do want to avoid is a lot
of bark dust or things like that because
stuff on the surface of the ground will
encourage them to grow very
superficially and they won't really get
deep-rooted so they'd like to be in good
soil so this is going to be okay now
there's a trick to planting you take the
rhizome which you're going to want to
have keep that portion above the soil
and you're going to take the roots and
kind of separate them and you want kind
of a almost like a little hillock thing
to put it on
and then I take the soil lift it up and
put it on the roots and those ruts again
now are just going to be holding that
rhizome in place so it just sits there
right on top and the roots keep it
stable
I'm gonna take a few years now for them
to start growing tor they start putting
in having it full up again