I used an 8 inch square and an 8 inch
round cake layer to make this heart
shape and all you do is you place the
square cake on your cake board so that
it's like a diamond shape and then you
just cut your round layer in half as
evenly as possible and then you're going
to take a semicircle and put it on one
side of the top of the diamond shape and
then take the other half of the round
cake layer and put it on the other now
you want them to match up as best as
possible so you may need to do a little
bit of fine-tuning and a little bit of
trimming so that they fit together nice
and flush and I don't expect you to
watch me trim this cake in real time so
I have sped it up but you're basically
going to want it to rest up against the
edge of the cake is evenly as possible
so that there's not a big gap there at
the top so you'll need to do the same
thing for the other side and you may
also need to trim these bottom edges of
the square cake to make them even then
you're just going to use some icing to
attach the 3 cake pieces together
now I'm just gonna use some icing to put
a crumb coat on the cake this is going
to be what allows the chocolate fondant
to stick to the cake it doesn't have to
be pretty but I do want to make sure
that the whole cake is covered this cake
is being really easy to ice because it's
still partially frozen I really do
prefer working with a cold cake it's a
lot easier to handle and especially if
you're dealing with chocolate cake and
you're worried about crumbs definitely
work with a cold or a partially frozen
cake it will be much easier and I just
want to get enough icing spread across
the top here so the the whole surface is
covered and that way the fondant will
stick I'm gonna need to know how big of
a piece of fondant to roll out so I'm
gonna measure the height of the cake and
then how wide it is at its widest points
and roll out a huge piece of fondant and
I'm going to use the fondant mat to lift
it since it's such a big piece of
fondant and I'm going to try and get it
to where it is pretty well centered over
the cake so that it'll cover it
I like the fondant mat for covering
bigger cakes because then you don't have
to worry about lifting the fondant up
and it's stretching you can just flip it
over on top of the cake and then peel
the mat away and I'm just gonna real
quick trim away all this excess so that
it doesn't dry out and it's not in my
way and then I'm just going to smooth
the fondant down around the sides of the
cake this is some dark chocolate satin
ice that I'm mixed with some white satin
ice so it's not quite as dark as it was
when it came out of the tub I also find
that the chocolate satin ice is sort of
a stiffer firmer consistency so adding a
little bit of the white satin ice not
only lightens the color but it also
lightens the feel a little bit and now
that I have the side smooth I'm just
gonna trim away any leftover excess so
that it's flush with the cake board I'm
not gonna worry about that little tail
by the corner of the heart I'll cover
that up somehow but before I do anything
else I want to crimp the top edge of
this cake I have two different
heart-shaped crimper tools and I'm not
really sure which one I want to use on
the top of the cake so I'm going to see
what they look like here on just this
piece of fondant that I rolled out my
first crimper tool is a serrated heart
and it has a little band on it so you
can pinch a lot of fondant or you can
pinch just a small amount of fondant and
depending on how wide you have the
pincers open that determines you know
how the end result looks and I also have
just a regular straight heart crimper
here it doesn't have any serait ssin and
I think of the two of them I like that
one better you want to start crimping of
the edge of the cake as soon as you
cover it with the fondant because if the
fondant starts to dry then it could
crack when you go to crimp it and the
trick is to just make each crimp as even
as possible and I'm just going to do a
row of little hearts all along the top
edge of this cake