hi guys today I'm going to be doing a
review on the lodge cast iron grill and
griddle now I wanted to do a review on
this because I have been eyeing it for
about four or five months and I figured
maybe some other people are too and I
read some written reviews online it was
a lot of complaints about it now I've
used this at other people's houses
before and I liked it and I enjoyed it
but I did understand some of the
complaints where people probably didn't
know how to work with the cookware so
I'm going to share that with you and
then you can decide whether you want to
be bothered with it or not first off the
pros we're going to start with the pros
you can grill burgers you can grow your
vegetables everything you can grill
inside you don't have to necessarily
worry about going outside now this is
equal I would say to the George Foreman
or the Cuisinart nen√® maker because
those panini makers open all the way up
and you can have the same grilling
effects now you know cast-iron is a good
conductor of heat so you're going to get
even I think a better result if you use
cast iron as opposed to some of the
other equipment just you know something
to think about but the other equipment
is lighter okay this grill / griddle
weighs about fourteen pounds if you have
carpet journal where your wrists or
elbows or fingers are not strong if that
if you're dealing with that this may not
be a piece of equipment for you if you
can't pick it up and move it back and
forth from the stove to the sink to wash
it and back and forth so you might want
to think about that it is a 14 pound
piece of equipment cast iron is heavy as
we all know another Pro to the cast iron
griddle side is that you can also do
burgers on this side you can do eggs
bacon pancakes that sort of thing it's
really good for that as you can see this
is from I put this side down on the eyes
of the stove so that I can grill but
it's no problem
you just take some vegetable shortening
and rub it down
really good you're going to take the
same care of this cast-iron grill and
griddle as you would your cast-iron pans
your fryers any grill pans that you have
you're going to take care of it the same
way and I have a video on that and I'll
provide that link also below one of the
complaints that I read about online
which was kind of funny to me because at
that point it wasn't the equipment it
was the user there was a complaint that
somebody had and it was that it doesn't
give off even heat this is not a good
conductor of heat it's not even so
immediately I already knew what was
wrong and I'll show you by showing you
my stove on my stove I have a back
burner that is a simmer I where it's
very small in diameter and it's used to
simmer things for long periods of time
it's not going to get so high to where
things will actually come to a full boil
so if you want to cook some beans or
maybe some greens or chili that's really
slow cook for hours and hours that's the
I I put it on that's not going to give
off a lot of heat whereas the eye in
front of it is going to give me that
full blast from low to medium low medium
to high so if you put this grill or
griddle over that side of your stove
you're only going to have a hot heat
let's say it's facing this way okay this
is 14 pounds lord have mercy okay so if
the eye here is the regular eye that I
can get high medium high whatever kind
of heat here this eye is over the
simmering eye of course this side is not
going to get as hot as the front it's
just not so - that person who lodges
that complaint I said it will give you
even heat as long as you give it even
heat you have to give it the same amount
of heat so that you can have the even
heat on the cookware so remember that
you can put that on that side of the
stove and I do that when I want to have
the back side cooler so if I'm doing
vegetables back here meat up here so
that's just my choice and that's also
your choice but now if I want to do
burgers all the way the
of the griddle or the grill then I'm
going to put it on the other side of my
stove where I get even heat no problem
so I'm at that point I knew it was the
user not the cookware now let's talk
about some of the other things that we
may need to consider before we make our
purchase here is the grates to one side
of my stove now as you can see the
grates on my stove are flat which makes
for a great surface for this piece of
cookware if you have raised grapes on
your stove you need to think about that
because that means that your grill is
probably going to teeter-totter it's
probably going to you'll be able to hear
to go click click click click click back
and forth because you have raised grapes
that could be a problem so look at your
stove first and think about that the
next thing you want to consider is the
length of these grapes take your
measuring tape and measure from here to
here see how long it is the specs the
lodge has two of these grill griddles
they have two the specs are all there
they tell you the length they tell you
the width if your grapes are shorter
than the length of the grill and griddle
you should be fine if you're great so
longer there could be a problem
and I'm going to tell you why right in
here you see this dip right here that's
where probably most of our standard
household stoves and ovens or should say
that the eyes of our standard stoves are
going to hit about here if it's out here
that means you have a larger oven and
maybe even a custom or a commercial type
oven if it's longer but most of our
grates will hit right about here so
you're going to have that lip this lip
right here hitting the edge of your
grapes now I have that so I have to
position it I got to decide I want to
move it a tad bit forward or a tad bit
back the equipment is so heavy that it
doesn't really do this not on mine
because my grapes are flat so I don't
get this tick tick tick tick tick I
don't have that get your measuring tape
out and just to let you know the
measurement
between this lip and then the lip here
is 16 and a half inches all right so
that's just something to think about you
don't want to get a piece of equipment
that it's not going to fit but if you do
purchase it take it out of the box and
just don't use it you know don't turn on
the heat under it just go ahead and fit
it over your stove and see if you like
the fit if you don't like the fit
just return it now another thing to
think about remember in the last or one
of the previous videos I did on cookware
and I'll put that link below I talked
about cleaning your cast iron with just
water no soap just hot water and a
scrubby pad with no soap in it okay make
sure you do that to clean it now it's
best to clean cast iron cookware when
it's hot so I didn't I forgot about that
when I first used it I was so excited
and I was cooking with it finished up
and I was ready to clean I'm like oh my
goodness how am I gonna pick this thing
up because the whole thing heats up the
entire thing including the handles and
I'm like oh how am I gonna pick this up
after thinking about it I grabbed my
silicone oven mitts now I got this at a
Food Show a food and restaurant show a
couple of years ago just because I
thought it was so cool that the guy that
was selling them these are made to go
under extreme heat conditions and he was
reaching in a boiling pot of a boiling
pot of water to get corn out so these
are made to withstand extreme amounts of
heat check the label before you go
sticking your hand in a boiling pot of
water hello
so I pulled this out and I was able to
touch the cast iron cookware okay so no
matter how hot it was it didn't matter
long as I'm touching it with this
silicone oven mitt I'm okay all right
and I just take it over to the sink run
hot water over it and I use my little
green pad and I scrub the grates and
then what I'm doing right now because
the equipment is still new I am taking
um vegetable oil and I'm rubbing it back
into the grate so next time I use it
it's ready to go
even when I did the fish on one of the
previous videos I cook the salmon I
still sprayed the grates with a little
bit of olive oil just on my fish wooden
stick and then I had a little oil on the
fish also one of the last things you
need to think about is storage are you
going to be one of those people who
chooses to leave it on the stove and
just let it hang out and you use it more
you probably will if you leave it there
are you going to use it more if you
leave it there or are you only going to
use it when you want to and you're going
to be moving it on and off like I said
earlier if you're one of those people
who has problem with your fingers hands
wrists or elbows then you probably
either want to leave it on the stove or
you might not even want to purchase this
particular one there is a smaller one
that is available on the website and
take a look at it like I said look below
the links and you can choose which size
would be best for you
lastly let's talk about the price the
price of this particular item range is
anywhere from about 39.99 to 49.99
depending on where you purchase it if
you purchase it online please be aware
that shipping and handling will be
applied for a 14-pound item it's heavy
so you're going to pay a little more
than probably what you would pay if you
just went and bought it at the kitchen
supply store or Walmart or someplace
like that but it's good to shop around
and just like I said look at the specs
and see if it's something you want to
invest in what I hope you guys found
this review on the lodge cast iron grill
and griddle helpful I mean we'll be
seeing me using this quite often I've
been wanting it for a long time so I
went on and I purchased it and I'm just
going to keep on using it both sides so
I'm going to have some fun with it in
just like I said do your research and
see if you want to make this purchase -
until the next video I'll see you guys
next time
the cast-iron grill is has the same
benefits but it's not a nonstick surface
you will have to work with this cast
iron and season it and take care of it
just like you do all your other cast
iron
and cookware oh okay
lost more finds my spot okay
bonus contact discharged or if you want
to you can go ahead and shop around a
little bit more see where you can buy it
at your nearby kitchen supply stores or
like I said go to Walmart if you are
Walmart shopper shopper hey everybody
today I'm going to be making not making
not making that you don't review food
you