hi today we're making chicken vegetable
egg rolls these chicken egg rolls are
mind-blowing delicious they're crispy
wonderful and everyone in your family
will love them so what you'll need is
ground chicken minced garlic and don't
skimp on the garlic add more if you like
add green onions and this is where the
vegetable part comes in just add
whatever you like here's some carrots
some chopped cabbage but whatever
vegetable you do decide to add make sure
they're cut up small so they don't poke
through and tear the wrappers add soy
sauce or fresh stuff but fish sauce
totally tastes better try it and don't
be afraid of the fish sauce add an egg
and lots of fresh cracked black pepper
now mix it all together
but you must get everything combined
really really well so here's some
supersonic hand mixing actions see how
I'm folding in all the edges making sure
that all the yummy ingredients are
combined well cover the mixture chill it
and let it marinate for about 20 minutes
now the fun rolling part start with your
egg roll skins or wrappers add with
about 2 tablespoons of filling but
please don't overfill because you want
to make sure that all the raw chicken
gets cooked inside add the filling to
the top 1/3 of the wrapper closest to
you
roll about 1/3 forward and gently fold
in the edges keeping the side straight
then continue rolling to the end leaving
a little space left to seal add a bit of
egg wash and then finish off the roll
[Music]
fry the egg rolls and hot oil but don't
overcrowd them make sure you leave space
in between each roll so they don't stick
don't click the egg rolls on too high of
heat because they'll burn on the outside
but the inside won't be cooked on the
way I cook with raw chicken filling
because when the juices are released to
stay within the egg roll giving a very
flavorful and moist filling but if you
feel more comfortable pre cooking the
chicken then please go right ahead once
each side is crispy Brown turn over and
cook on the other side after the egg
rolls are cooked place them on a paper
towel to drain the excess oil look at
this amazing chicken egg roll it's super
tasty full of chicken and vegetables I
guarantee you'll eat at least two three
or six or seven get the full recipe at
chicken recipe box com back slash
chicken April and for peanut chip recipe
go to chicken recipe box com backslash
hi-c and peanut dips subscribe to our
youtube channel and follow us online
thanks for watching