hello this is Clint with autod Detail
Doctor Columbus Ohio today we're going
to show you how we go about steam
cleaning and extracting and upholstery
seat in this 2008 Jeep Cheroke key now
you can see this seat here it's pretty
rough it got a lot of spills and stains
in there not exactly sure what it is but
we if we had to guess probably maybe
coffee or something I know take a ton of
coffee but for that but not really sure
what it is there was a lot of coffee
stains in the cup holders of the Jeep
But but so we're just guessing anyway
the seat's really nasty and gross so
we're going to show you how we go about
cleaning it first we're going to spray
our our shampoo on here it's highly
concentrated high pH low foaming and
it's really strong uh we don't use very
much cleaner the steam does 90% of the
work in in in the hot water extra
raction first we're going to show you
our heated carpet extractor and show you
that it's uh empty of the the black
water the dirt and grime and stuff once
we're finished we're going to show you
uh the dirt and grime that comes out of
the seat um into a bucket so we'll show
you here real
[Music]
quick and you can tell it's empty so
we'll go ahead and close that and we'll
get to
[Music]
work our next step is to use this our
steamer it has a brush head on it this
is simply used to agitate the seat the
dirt and grime bring as much of the dirt
and grime to the top of the surface as
possible for our heated carpet extractor
to suck up all the uh dirt and stains
this is simply loosening the dirt
bringing it to the top of the surface
making it easier to clean in the next
step
now the carpets in this Jeep they're you
know they're all trashed and we'll we'll
do them uh here in a minute once we're
finished but we just wanted to show you
this video here the seat
[Music]
this is the upholstery tool for our
heated carpet extractor this is what we
use to suck up all the dirt and grime
out of there
[Music]
[Music]
power
[Music]
f
a
that's it that's how we go about
cleaning the seats the top of the seat
here obviously we'll get here in a
minute we just wanted to show you this
in this this demonst rtion so the the
seat is a little bit damp right now we
always Supply uh the customer with a
plastic seat cover takes just a few
minutes to dry depending on the
conditions summertime just a few minutes
winter time a little bit longer so uh
but that's it and now we'll show you the
uh black water out of the extractor what
come out of the seat
[Music]
that's dirt and grime and uh that come
out of the seat there and uh makes a big
difference thanks for watching