hi it's John here I'm going to be
talking about collecting seeds from cap
GB now you can get these cake Whisperers
these came from Tesco actually got quite
a lot in that bag for a pound um just
trying to work out how how to pronounce
the name I think it's filis be a bit
careful on that one um I tend to I mean
some of these have just gone slightly
off so I've been collecting seeds from
the ones that have gone slightly off and
uh they're they're very tasty little
plant um I I won't do that cuz that
one's edible we're still eating them uh
I no this one always one look at this
one he's on
slightly on slightly moldy so first of
all I take the husk
off and then I I saw this on the
internet I didn't bring this up myself
the camera comes in
slightly quite a lot probably you uh
squeeze
the um squeeze the old Cape gbury see
all them seeds coming out and the seeds
come out with the juice and you want to
get them spread across the tissue oh
that's a big blob that's not quite so
good there I've got some on my finger
they go on the
tissue and uh oh look at all those on
there so that's got them off there nice
and spread
about I think that may be close enough
don't go any closer than that because uh
it's not close up camera and look
there's plenty there still I don't know
quite what I do with those but anyway um
I've got more than enough which is crazy
because when you buy a packet of um cap
goodsy
seeds there's very few in there and I
don't think these are F1 hybrids
so um I don't know why they're so mean
with the seeds because there's
about at least 500 in that well at least
200 in that
one
um one Cape gbury now here's some I did
earlier and the person on the internet
he suggested you took a felt pen and
wrote on there day of collection and
what the seeds were because they're sort
of stuck on there but I don't know how
well they stuck on there but um they've
dried out now quite
well now these cake gbri are the ones
from this packet and they've uh they've
grown reasonably well they took about
two weeks to to they've just germinated
now they take a lot longer than most
seeds to germinate for some reason well
the ones that are dry
do but these this one here which I've
only planted about um 4 days
ago and there's one coming up there
there's some coming up here these have
germinated
from fresh seed in about 4 days so I
wasn't sure whether these seeds would be
any good but they are good and and
they've germinated very quickly where
these bits of mold are is where
I've plunked a whole fruit in like that
and buried it probably not a good idea
probably better to um just plant
individual seeds without any flesh in
the ground and there there's quite a lot
of activity I think there's going to be
masses of seeds here so um that's
exciting
now I do highly recommend that you watch
my other video on Cape gbri if you're
growing them in the UK because what I
found two years ago was that our summers
aren't long enough to get fruit so you
have to be able to have somewhere like a
conservatory to overwinter the cake Cris
and then they they come more in the
second year that's what I found anyway
and the plants that we've over winded
this year are doing very well now and um
it looks like they
may well throw up more suckers from the
bottom and uh keep growing all through
the season so um it is quite possible to
to grow cake GB in the UK but don't
expect to do it in one summer okay bye
for
now