greetings again my friend I'm actually
on my way back home from South I stopped
by our window to get weather is juicy no
that's not gonna vendor to get a roof
scorned I tell you I was driving and I'm
at the corner the same time and can I
tell it was delicious I decided you know
what I'm going to go and I'm going
to get another one and I'm going to make
a small video for you so there is a
roast roast Carmela element butter with
a motorcar 150 150 150 stories right
I'll jump you can try to do it but the
clip I want for your welcome and life
i'ma come up another one here's what am
I missing one we were still be another
one I think I'm oil mix to make on your
video run knife 101 ready ready no ma'am
you know what I want you are I would
know one definite open that one for me I
want to show my readers exactly what I
look like so that is the rooster
neurosis antibody what it is coal fire
axe came and it is illegitimate and
staff the rotating the clock of the
particular see okay all right sound
exiting all right fix my own fix nobody
can I wanted empty that's it but
all right so while he's making channel
idioms Australia that's the cool and the
bottom and Amy Ruth is the corners like
this one here and there when it's truth
that it looks like that one over here
and then they take of this trash and
they look like this one here alright
I'll just accept that one from her
brother this one I cannot make you miss
one all right
and I wanted that put it is keep it in
the keep utility level how much is it
again 100 Taurus price I look upward
when I appreciate a lot of a processing
115 I'm I'm not giving a 150 and I
pressure me
Joe because they're cool George in the
change respect you
alright so we eat it with what we
defeated so you know all right we have
the latest no it's not nothing
all right guys no - I am si si alright
so I'm going to bite it right into it
coconut soccer nice - lovely lovely
chocolate oh no language at 800
okay alright alright the buses are all
right it's using a little bit later than
interment oh wow alright cool cool
open up alright was it prototype is how
I will nice weather this is my near make
it fun warm in the meantime this is it
not Charlotte everything naturally
wearable okapi RF arabasadi love well oh
cool cool thank you ladies and gentleman
Rosco Jamaican style blessed the