fixing rusty nail problems with Mad Dogs
zero prime is as easy as one-two-three
start by scraping and sanding is needed
to prepare the surfaces make sure the
nail heads are at or just below the
surface if not cut the nail like this
next applied Europe rhyme with rust and
tannin protection bureau prime forms an
adhesive seal over the nail head this
locks out the rust in one step
when dura Prime dries just apply your
favorite paint say goodbye to rusty nail
heads this project was completed by a
family seven years ago if they used a
traditional oil primer 200 nails might
bleed through within a few years that's
a lot of nails because the family chose
dura prime only a dozen nails have bled
through in seven years that's quite a
difference today the project needs a
little touch-up instead of a complete
and costly paint job want long-term
results upgrade Tudor upon