hi guess what I'm making today yep green
papaya salad sometimes I'm so however
you want to call it I just call it green
papaya salad okay so you will need a
green papaya obviously make sure that
the papaya is still hard and firm to the
touch okay avoid those um soft and Limp
you want those those are no good from
making papaya salad so make sure the
papaya is still hard and firm okay and
then these are shredding tools that we
are used for shredding the papaya it's
this is a by a Kiwi brand okay Kiwi
shredder and this is mostly popular and
used for fresh reading papaya this one
is also by TV brand but this one you
would have to turn on chop it first and
then shred it okay with this but I just
like to use the knife use a knife to
chop shred and this is also a Kiwi brand
knife it's really cheap at a shoe store
about $4 I love it
and always also another thing I like to
you to use a knife to shred my papayas
because I like my papaya and the texture
to be crunchy so I find that when you
shred it yourself using a knife it works
really great okay so if you like your
papaya country user shred it by knife
okay and then you also need one of these
this is a smashing tool that you're
going to need it's a motor and pestle
tool so any one of these all right okay
let's begin this here is all the main
ingredients that you will need to make a
papaya salad okay as far as the
seasoning goes it's really up to your
personal preference so if you don't like
or use any of that stuff I have shown
here you don't have to use them but this
this is what I use to make a papaya
salad okay this here is a shrimp paste
it's the twin chicken brand this is my
favorite brand of all the shrimp paste
out there I find that that aroma this is
nicer smelling than the other ones and
better to as well so this pram twin band
shrimp paste okay
this here is my homemade butter sauce
fermented
fermented fish sauce this if you don't
have this I guess you could substitute
it for just regular fish sauce or any
other brands of fermented fish sauce out
there that that you like I can't
recommend any because I don't know of
any I always use my homemade one if
you're interested in knowing how to make
this but egg sauce I do have a link that
I will put in the description box so be
sure to check that out okay so this is
my homemade patek sauce and this here is
a prep pace it's this brand the only
brand that I also like to use as well
crab paste
okay so crab paste and then this is the
concentrated tamarind sauce there's many
brands out there as well but I'm using
this one today
okay so tournament tamarind sauce this
is optional industries optional sugar
okay and here this is a dried shrimp dry
baby shrimp optional as well okay and
roasted peanuts tie a can okay tie a
pants like it up like this okay tie your
pants some string beans string beans
chopped cut and here I have some
Tomatoes typically cherry tomatoes mix
the best papaya salad but I don't have
any today so I'm just using them some
good tomatoes okay so good tomatoes and
some green tomatoes I have as well line
garlic and chili okay so this is all the
main ingredients that you will need to
make the papaya salad I'm almost done
shredding but I just wanted to show you
guys hope and I shred the papaya just
using a knife okay so basically we will
just chop chop chop
like this
the papaya and then just shred
and if you like you papaya to be crunchy
this is the best way to do it just by
using a knife instead of those own
applier shredders okay this is basically
that's what you do
and these Kiwi brand knives they are
really great for shredding papaya like
this and they're really cute so to find
them should grab some because there's
only like three to four dollars very
very cheap flat they're excellent and
shredded and they're very sharp too as
you can see okay basically this is how I
shred a papaya okay all right now we are
ready to make the papaya I'm going to
put three cloves of garlic okay three
cloves and pepper is up to you however
spicy you can handle I'm only going to
use four because these are pretty spicy
so four and we're going to add one
teaspoon msg and 2 teaspoon of sugar
okay
and half a teaspoon of shrimp crap I'm
sorry paste half a teaspoon of crab
paste okay
and half a tablespoon of the shrimp
paste
okay and you want to go ahead and smash
these up smash it up till the paper is
all smashed up okay you see that then
we're going to add the string beans this
is about 4 ounces of string beans okay
so four ounces of string beans and also
I'm the eight clamp also for emphasis
you don't want to over smash the
eggplant by the string beans seasoning
gets in okay then we're going to add the
tamarind sauce the concentrated tamarind
I'm only going to add one tablespoon
well actually they start with two
tablespoons okay
2 tablespoon the tamarind and this is
optional the fermented fish sauce of the
back it's optional if you don't have it
and use fish sauce okay so I'm going to
use one tablespoon for that and then
we're gonna mix it up
and at the mag juice this is about two
tablespoons of lime juice okay two
tablespoon and this is four ounces of
tomatoes four ounces go ahead and smash
everything together and taste it now is
the time to add any additional seasoning
that you Phillips using can add my fish
sauce lime juice sugar MST mine I'm just
going to add a little bit more of the
tamarind so one more tablespoon of
tamarind concentrate camera that's a
three tablespoons and now we're going to
add a play after shredded papaya this is
about half a pound
the papaya have a pound of shredded
papaya and you want to smash all this in
and taste again
perfect
I don't like my papaya too sweet sour so
is that measurement
works for me perfect and then lastly we
want to add our dried shrimp and peanuts
this is about half a pound half a pound
total up the dried shrimp and penis okay
then just mix it all together
pretty much how I make my pie a salad
see houses play look and wallah papaya
salad
so thump thump song
doesn't it look yummy are you drooling
yet mmm I wish you were here with me to
enjoy this because like they say
everything just tastes so much better
when you're eating with a bunch of
friends right anyways thanks for
watching this video I hope you will give
this recipe a try and don't forget to
share and subscribe we'll see you back
here again next time okay thank you