[Music]
there's plastic line ponds and there are
naturally lined ponds this is a plastic
line Pond the one we're looking at here
now the reason why you would need to
line a pond with plastic all has to do
with the soil type in the landscape or
place that you want to install a pond
also it has to do with the size of the
pond that you want to install so if you
want to have a very small pond because
you don't have a lot of room then you'll
have to do it with a plastic liner and
not a natural liner and the reason for
that is because natural liners require a
at least a 2: one slope on the in slope
of the pond so what that means is in
order to even get a twoot depth you need
approximately a 6t
width now 2T depth is is the minimum
depth more or less you want if you will
if you want to have fish in your pond so
smaller ponds generally always have to
be plastic lined and what the benefit of
that is that you can dig vertical sides
to a plastic line Pond meaning you can
dig a hole straight down to a twot 3ft
4ft depth whatever it is that you want
and a plastic liner will be able to
stabilize on that kind of a of a your
face the other reason like I mentioned
about having a plastic line Pond is has
to do with soil type so here we are in
spel California known for its Sandy LOM
we have a a high concentration of Sandy
LOM here and a very low concentration of
clay to have a successful naturally
lined Pond requires a high level of clay
or at least a moderate level of clay in
the soil which we have none of here in
this ecosystem and in this soil type so
it was absolutely necessary for us to
use a plastic
[Music]
liner