hey guys it's Shannon and excuse my
voice I have a cold going on but I
wanted to bring you along during this
DIY that I'm getting ready to do it's a
brand new one I've never tried it before
so let's see how it turns out
[Music]
okay so I'm gonna be attempting to do a
mercury glass finish on my lamps I
actually redid these lamps before if you
remember in my video these were actually
I spray-painted them a turquoise chalky
finish and they were really pretty but I
just kind of want to give it a different
updated look so I have gone ahead and
spray painted these black I'm not sure
how they're gonna turn out since usually
you do mercury glass on glass but I
really like the look of the finish this
guy wants to do something - you're gonna
do a project okay I'll get I'll get your
project going in just a minute
um so you usually do these on glass but
I'm gonna try it and see how it turns
out so what I have done is I have mixed
water and vinegar into a spray bottle
equal parts so half water half vinegar
then I have paper towels I have this
looking glass
krylon spray paint that I got from Hobby
Lobby and then I'm actually just gonna
throw a glove on because I just have a
feeling this is gonna get messy so I'm
gonna get that project going and I'm
gonna get his project going let's see
how goes okay so what you're supposed to
do is you are supposed to take your
vinegar and water mixture spray it onto
your surface and then before you don't
quickly you don't want to let that dry
you want to spray this on top and you're
gonna do quick little sprays and then
you want to come back with your glove on
and your paper towel and you want to
blot off some of that paint and it's
is underneath and supposed to give it a
really cool
[Music]
my hamster turned it out pretty cool but
it's not really giving me that mercury
glass look that I was looking for but
I'm gonna keep working on those but I
really wanted to try the mercury glass
so I went to grabbed one of my chippy
dollar tree vases that I had in my stash
and I'm just gonna try it on this and
see what happens
[Music]
where I am right now this is my vase I'm
just kind of hard to see but I love this
it was a little bit too see-through for
me so I threw some gold spray paint just
a little tiny bit just a couple sprays
in there hmm and that just kind of gave
it a background and I absolutely love
the way this turned out it looks very
aged but I'm just really not happy with
these loops so let me show you here
here's kind of when I'm at where I don't
know it just looks kind of textured and
you can kind of start to see the
turquoise coming through which I don't
like so I just went over it with just a
single coat lookingglass spray and I
still really just don't like it so I
tried doing just kind of a layer with
gold spray paint I use this wrist oleum
old spray paint looks like this and then
went back over it again with the looking
glass and I don't like that either but
the best thing about paint is you can
just paint over if you don't like it so
I'm going to use my trusty oil rubbed
bronze
[Music]
here's my new Liam's
they're definitely not what I was hoping
for but actually I'm pretty pleased
that's just fine with me it's kind of a
neutral background it works with my
decor it's gonna work with all the
different holidays so even though this
was kind of a DIY fail it all turns out
in the end that's the good thing you can
paint over things you can rework things
and you can make them work if you'd like
to see the before video of what these
lamps looks like I will link them in the
end of us in its like here so you can go
see that video thanks so much for
watching I'll see you my next video
[Music]