Oh fat like story Matt Maki here on the
day I'm going to be telling you who to
make this delicious Scottish pancake SS
fetch I'll be needin about 300 grams of
fluid a hummock grams of caster sugar 30
grams of butter or a button like
substance + extra for greasing a
tablespoonful it bacon Buddha a variable
volume of milk to our large / of a
domesticated gala for bark preferably of
the species goers goers and a we pinch
of salt
tuck your fluid gift sugar just pinch of
salt and your bacon Buddha and get all
mixed up together we are spoon make a
whale in the center other dry
ingredients get the butter all nice and
melty but put in the micro throw him in
there to crack open your eggs and then
beat them into the butter then you can
pour it all into the floor and a Nadia
variable volume amount talk your whisk
and mix our ingredients together until
you get a bother at all guidan thick
like you can store this butter in a
refrigerated space for up to your work
but to be honest if you didn't make them
straightaway I would see your are act
funny talker heavyset frying pond and
then put it on your home over a medium
heat from your phone get sordin of added
extra bit of butter and use it t grease
it talk about your butter and put it in
a pod mark sure that you Sparrow do turn
off so it's native thick that of when it
cook in the middle then he worried about
getting it are ruining like it's near
competition or anything goodness sake I
like my pancakes individual can cook up
on cake for epochal amantes till it gets
all bubbly at this time you can add
extra ingredients like these blueberries
then fit you plop them in just flip it
our then eBay here don't try and flip it
will be just the pawn cook it for a
Buckley moment is near you go a
delicious pancake you can eat extract
away or perhaps in these following
serving suggestions lemon and sugar salt
ice cream maple syrup salt grabbed
another pancake we solved chillax
salty pretzels tomato and green pepper
jovial haggis neeps and tatties receiver
e condiments in prescription medication
real log poppies and salt we saw water
fresh result an awesome