hey what's going on guys Ryan here at
detail king.com so today we're going to
be showing you guys how to properly
clean your rubber and plastic Floor
Liners now these Floor Liners are great
to protect your vehicle's carpet however
they show a lot of the dirt and grime
that comes off your shoes from getting
in and out of your car here you can see
just how much dirt these liners have on
them so to properly clean these mats
we're going to use the following
products first we have our pink power
interior cleaner this product features
non-caustic cleaners with optical
brighteners to enhance the vinyl color
while easily removing and breaking down
any dirt or grime we are teaming up our
pink power with our 85 611 interior
utility scrub brush this is an excellent
all-purpose but gentle and very
effective brush when scrubbing this
brush can effortlessly remove dirt and
grime from rubber mats vinyl tawny
covers cloth convertibles interior door
panels and even velour seats so now that
we have all of our supplies we're going
to start by pushing the big pieces of
dirt away with our hands we are now
going to use our pump sprayer to miss
down the mat
next we will evenly spray the mat with
our pink power cleaner we let pink power
set up for five to ten seconds and then
begin the scrub it is important to scrub
in multiple directions to ensure that
you're reaching all parts of the floor
liner now we will use our pump sprayer
to wash away the dirt and begin to dry
the mat off with a Terk towel so mats
like these can start to dull and look
old over time to resolve this problem
we're going to be using our non silicone
spray
now since this spray is non silicon it
will not create a slippery surface this
means it is safe to use on the drivers
mat as well we will simply spray a few
myths of the product onto our dressing
applicator we will then evenly spread
the product over the liner
okay so now we're going to do the same
process with the rest of our mats
[Music]
okay guys so for any more information on
these products or any other auto
detailing products visit us right here
at detail king.com where we have
everything you need to keep your car
clean like a detail King see you guys
next time
[Music]