my name is Allison Olsen I'm a
professional flute player in Utah we're
here at Summer Hayes music center in
Murray Utah we're going to be helping
you develop some tips and tricks uh to
become a better flute player now we're
going to talk about how to get a better
flute tone so to develop a good flute
tone let's start from the basics so take
your head joint off of your flute and
just try and master getting a good sound
on just your head joint um the way I
like to get a good tone is by spitting
rice so what you'll do is get a little
kernel of rice and just stick it on the
tip of your tongue and then you'll spit
it between your lips so it'll be
like so you'll get more air going and
that will be better than trying to just
blow air with no tongue um it will get a
very distinct clear start to the sound
so it'll sound like
this it has a very clear beginning and a
very clear end um and then you can play
around with a good position of the head
joint on your face everybody's Ure is
different so where is best for me will
be not what's best for you necessarily
cuz we're all different so what I like
to do is I call finding the sweet spot
so you'll roll in and out with your head
joint side to side until you find the
very best spot for you so like this
[Music]
so that's my sweet spot so then you have
to practice finding The Sweet Spot in
the same spot every time so you'll
practice putting your head joint down
and head joint up and finding The Sweet
Spot I found it that time and then
you'll try and play in the higher octave
there's two octaves on the head joint so
the higher octave you'll spit faster
[Music]
air and find the sweet spot at the same
time so once you've mastered playing on
the head joint then you can put the
whole flute
together and try and get the same great
tone in The Sweet Spot um with the whole
flute put
[Music]
together so you can play around with it
watch in the mirror and see where your
amuser is naturally it might be a little
bit off to the side it might be uh a
little off to the right you never know
so if you watch in the mirror then
you'll know exactly where your ambusher
is another great thing I love to do when
developing a flute tone is to practice
harmonics so uh I'll start with playing
a low E and I'll overblow that note to
get to a b and I'll go between the real
fingering of e and the harmonic
fingering of B so you uh focuses your
ambusher and helps you find that higher
note so it'll be like this
so playing harmonics is a great way to
develop your aisher and it helps you get
a really great tone I'm Allison Olsen
here at Sumer Hayes music and we've just
talked about how to develop your flute
tone