hi welcome to learn how to garden top
comment today's film are going to tell
you how to care for the Communists plant
that we are given for Christmas and
that's euphorbias if you're not already
subscribed to me out learn how to garden
there's a link appearing above me right
now by clicking that link you get access
to the written post that why right you
get access to much longer more technical
films that appear here on the video
aggregators you get access to a monthly
newsletter that's full of pertinent and
great advice you can get to see what
courses we've run at learn how to garden
and what our gardening club is all about
this is a point set e'er it is the
flower that most people most associated
with Christmas and that's because it's
always had a place in Christmas
celebrations either peers in churches
over Christmas and that's because the
missionary is in Mexico where it
originally comes from used to use these
branches of representation as the blood
of Christ in their services and what
you're actually looking at here isn't a
flower this is a colored bracht or
colored leaves and it's the leaves that
people have the most problem with the
leaves drop off point set is quite
easily and they drop off for one of
three really simple reasons the first is
that before the poinsettia came to you
it may have been kept outside it may
have been kept slightly too cold and
that will cause the actual plant itself
to drop its leaves the second reason is
that the compost it's kept in is too wet
poinsettias detest really hate wet
compost they need to be nearly dry but
just very very damp so you need to water
it minimally about every three or four
days but never ever allow it to stand in
water having said that it detests to dry
atmosphere it likes a moist atmosphere
it likes moisture in the atmosphere so
probably for most of us the best place
for a poinsettia would be in our
bathroom but most of us don't do that
most of us keep it where we can see it
most of the time so in the dining room
or in the land
and the problem with that is that the
central heating which we have on at
Christmas time is drying the air out too
much so you need to spray the Poinsettia
with will miss the points that here I
should say with lukewarm water about
once a day or sit it just in a tray with
some pebbles on so that the actual
atmosphere around your plant is slightly
more moist they're not hard to grow in
fact I've seen them two or three times
this size and then they can look really
spectacular but to grow them that big
and to get them to recolor which is the
real trick it's a bit more explanation
and that's one of the things that's the
investments gardening cannot learn how
to garden