this is the coin roll it's one of the
most popular coin flourishes and it's
great it looks good it's fun to do and
I'm going to show you how to do
[Music]
it okay so to do this you're going to
hold the card or not the card the coin
in your hand and um the size of the coin
you know it's going to vary from from
person to person I typically use a
quarter um but if your hand is bigger or
smaller you might want to choose a
different size for me nickels work good
quarters work good uh once you learn
this you can do it with a variety of
different sizes so you're not really
restricted by the size all that much but
pick a coin that works for you for now
uh quarter is going to work pretty well
for most of you you're going to have lay
it in your hand and uh here's what
you're going to do so you're going to
contact the coin with your thumb you're
G to turn your hand Palm down as you
slide that coin all the way up to this
position okay next what you're going to
do is you're going to continue to slide
that coin up and you're going to let it
fall flat on the top of your first
finger okay now notice that my middle
finger is raised slightly above my first
finger and it acts kind of as a break
okay so even if I slant my hand
downwards like this that coin isn't
going to move because the the middle
finger is blocking
it okay next step is I'm going to lower
my middle finger and at the same time
I'm kind of raising my first finger just
a little bit and that's going to cause
that coin to Pivot up and then if I
continue that motion the coin is going
to fall flat on my middle finger and
again now I have my ring finger raised
slightly above my middle finger to act
as a break so that coin won't move even
if my hand is slanted and I just do the
same thing again with the next finger
this time I'm lowering my ring finger
I'm raising my middle finger that causes
the coin to Pivot up and then it's going
to fall flat on the next finger finger
all right now this takes practice you
know you're not going to be able to do
it the first time you you kind of just
have to play around with it until you
get it and the next step is going to be
the same thing this time I'm lowering my
pinky raising my ring finger and now
this is actually the hardest part okay I
don't have another finger to roll to so
instead I'm going to let that coin fall
through the crack in between my middle
or excuse me in between my ring finger
and Pinky and I'm going to be catching
it on the other side of my hand with my
thumb okay so I usually get to something
like this position right here and then
here's what happens this is going to
this is going to be difficult um for
some of you because your thumb isn't
going to want to stretch all the way
over there you need to get your thumb on
the left side of that coin so on the
side of the coin that's facing your
pinky okay so this this might be a
difficult stretch for some of you
especially if this is your first time
trying this but as you practice this
will become easier your your fingers
will learn to move and flex in different
ways and then you won't really have to
uh struggle with this anymore okay so
once you get that dexterity you're going
to be able to bring your thumb to the
left side of that coin you're going to
push
up until it's flat in your palm and then
you're just going to start the whole
cycle all over again you slide it up to
this
position and you're ready to go
again so that's what that looks like
just pay attention to how I'm doing the
slide boom okay and once I get to this
position you'll notice that I'm kind of
um turning my hand slightly Palm up to
help slide and then I turn my hand Palm
down for the
roll all right all right one final note
is that some people I've seen they like
to do the coin roll in the opposite
direction so they actually start at
their pinky and then they move towards
their first finger I haven't really
practiced this but you can do it that
way um and then of course when you do
the slide you're just going to be
sliding in the opposite direction ction
the reason I the reason I recommend the
the first way I taught you is because
it's it it feels more comfortable this
way uh your hand is oriented in a more
comfortable position and you can really
use gravity to your advantage when you
do it in this direction the gravity will
really help that coin flip over and fall
flat onto the next finger whereas if you
do it in the opposite direction your
hand has to be kind of positioned
upwards like this and it just doesn't
feel comfortable but eventually you
might want to learn it both ways and
then you can make the coins flip back
and forth if that's something you want
but start out with uh the normal
Direction just like this and do the coin
do the coin roll slowly don't worry
about speed just practice getting the
coin to properly flip over onto the next
finger the next finger and then practice
that slide up to the
beginning all right that's the coin roll
I hope that helps uh if you have any
questions regarding this move feel free
to uh leave a comment in the comment box
below and I'll try the answer and let me
know what you think of that okay take
[Music]
care