hey you guys it's Lindsay here and I
wanted to talk a little bit about like
rain jackets and like water repellent
type of stuff here in Charleston we
definitely have two rainy seasons every
year one in the spring and one in the
fall and it's like one second it's
bright and sunny and perfect and then
the next second it's like a complete
downpour anyway so it's always really
handy to have a rain jacket on hand but
it's so hot here and really muggy
especially after it rains or when
there's that moisture in the air that
you can't wear like a traditional rain
jacket you really have to find something
that's water repellent but breathable so
last year was it last year whenever
Silla holic came out with their
Vancouver collection there were actually
two rain coats in there one is the
cyprus cape and the other is the seymour
jacket instantly Abby and I both
purchased both the whole collection we
were just so in love with the whole
thing and I jumped right into both of
those projects so I really wanted to
have some cute lightweight jackets to
wear recently I've talked about this
already before the McCall's 7 3 3 3
pattern this is another really great one
that would call for some kind of like
water repellant type of fabric but you
know what where do you even start in
trying to find that fabric I had heard
of sup Lex before and so I just did a
general search for sup Lex and landed on
this website called rocky woods fabric
and dere fabric selection is truly for
anything related to outdoors I mean they
don't sell your traditional fashion
fabrics at all they sell stuff to make
sleeping bags and dents and you know
things like that like really outdoorsy
type of stuff I probably never would
normally have find myself on their site
if it weren't for the supp legs but in
addition to the SUP Lex they also sell
something called tasks land so I didn't
know the difference between the two from
what I understand
sup Lex is the name brand and TAS land
is the generic version of the name brand
now they do have different weights and
different types of tasks land but sup
Lex is pretty universal there's only the
one weight and the one kind I think
either way so I went on their website I
was completely overwhelmed there were so
many colors I did so many beautiful
color didn't know what to choose from so
I just went with an olive green you can
see this is my seymour jacket back here
on Juby but Abbi she thought she was
getting like a really light baby pink
and what showed up is like bubblegum
like bubblegum pink it's still her stash
she has no idea what she's going to do
with it
um so whenever I got the McCall's
pattern I said I don't want to make that
mistake like I want to make something
really fun and springy and not a neutral
like I'm normally drawn to so I went
back to rocky woods was kind of like
looking around trying to find something
that I thought would be okay when I
realized they will actually sell you a
sample every single one of their sup
like sand task land fabrics for like 20
bucks or something and I thought that is
so worth it so that I don't end up with
a fabric that I don't love and it just
stays in my stash and I have to know I
can't do anything with it so I ordered
that and here it is I tied them all
together with a string they came kind of
all loose but this is all of them there
are seriously so many I hadn't counted
them all there must be more than 30 of
them in here so what I wanted to do is
kind of at the very end of this I'm
going to go through each one that's in
here so if you're interested in seeing
their entire inventory and kind of like
my visual description of it as compared
to what it's reading like in the camera
and then also comparing that there's
several Navy ish type of colors and kind
of comparing those and there's also some
true dupes like the sup Lex color and
the task line color are exactly the same
so save yourself the money and buy the
generic version right but in this
portion of the video
I wanted to kind of go through some that
I think would be really good for this
it's so hard for me because I am drawn
to the navies and the olives and even
like those steely Gray's but I'm gonna
try really hard to not get one of those
for this and do something a little bit
more fun and unexpected so the first one
that I was immediately drawn to is what
is called coral rose and this is a suppl
xcolor coral rose it's really pretty and
bright these colors always favor my skin
tone every time I wear colors like this
people compliment me and in a way it's
kind of neutral wait time it sounds so
silly it's definitely not a neutral but
think about all the things that this
matches it's going to go with your
whites your blacks your like tans also
with Navy also with green so it does go
with a lot I feel like these these
Coralie colors do this one's more pink
than orange so not a true coral but
maybe that's what coral rose means more
of a rose than a coral I think in terms
of the name next up is what they're
calling ocean depths and this is a
really pretty teal color teal is a great
cool color for people with darker skin
tones it's one of those really rich
vibrant colors that I really love so
this is the ocean depths and this is a
selects fabric next and this is more for
like a true springtime line but I like
the lavender alive this is sup lexis
lavender it's a really pretty lavender
not too bright but not too dull either
also Purple's my favorite color so maybe
that's why I'm drawn to lavender um what
else there is this one called butterfly
bicep Lex I love butterflies this is
kind of like a light lime green which
might seem odd but if you think about it
with like jeans or something like that I
think it could play off of that Navy
color of Jean
really well I don't know this might be a
bit of a risky choice because it is I
don't know how it would be so much of it
you know what I mean like it's pretty in
this one little square but like a whole
jacket might be a little bit much
here are the Blues and all this that I
love and skip right over those um let's
see
colony blue is really pretty it's like a
cross between a blue and a lavender in a
way it's like a purple bus like yeah
like a purpley blue I almost like it
better than like of the sky-blue that's
in here that's called colony blue and
then there's this Persian red so it's
kind of like a burgundy but redder than
that Pinker than not in a way so this is
Persian red and this is the SUP Lex
Persian red so this would I think be
really good in the fall if you are going
to make one just for each season but it
could definitely work in spring too
because of those pinky colors in there
there's like the sea like yeah like
seafoam bluish color you can see all the
colors every single one of them at the
end of this video these are just like my
favorites I think so now we're getting
into the taps lands up and here is sefa
okay so this is 100% nylon two-ply
tassel and DWR nylon fabric I don't even
know what after that means but what I do
know from looking at it is that it's
sheer it's more sheer than the other
fabrics that I've shown you if you can
see my hand kind of through there and I
do think that this pattern is lined let
me see you loose letting loose fitting
unwind huh outside casing inside casing
2-piece please please soon so maybe not
I don't know what this outside casing
inside casing means yeah but the UM is
that what even line it is lined in parts
so I don't know if this sheer seafoam
would work for that I mean would you
want to see your clothes underneath your
rain jacket maybe you'd have to like I
don't know oh it's such a pretty color
though but it is first
sure like see-through I mean when you
put it yeah it's legit seether if you
were a print you would totally be able
to see it so more navies more greys oh I
love the navies in Gray's let's see
anything else in here this one's really
pretty this one's called
five ounces per square yard multiply
tassel on nylon in blue shadow so you
can see there it's definitely more
heavyweight so it's going to be more
structured than the other ones but that
color is really pretty for sure what
else white gray and then okay yeah so
those are my favorite one my favorite
like non neutral ones
um but yeah so there will be a link to
oddly fit patterns I'll link McCall's
pattern seven three three three I'll
link so holics jacket patterns and then
also give you a link to rocky woods
website where you can search for sup Lex
and TAS land and and buy your fabrics
there I want to say they're pretty
affordable
so the sup let's is $7.99 a yard and the
tast land is $5.99 a yard so I mean I
think they're really great quality tons
of colors to choose from if you're
looking into making a rain jacket
hopefully you'll check out rocky woods
and these fabrics that I am showing you
today and you can find the perfect color
that you had in mind and not end up with
bubblegum pink sorry Abby
a bright yellow this is heliotrope and
it's looking blue on the camera I gotta
be honest but it's more of like a great
it's really great but it's a great this
is for rose it's like a muted coral not
so much orange more people this is Vegas
gold it's like a goldish taupe this is
ocean depth and it's like just looking a
little blue but it's actually more green
in real life
it's more like teal or like peacock blue
if you can imagine that this is dazzling
blue it's not this blue in real life
it's more like a royal blue definitely
has more purple to it than what's
showing up on camera this is a lavender
light purple lovely this is black this
is cobalt again these blues are just not
showing up cobalt is not that different
between it's like a combo between
dazzling blue and heliotrope so if you
combine this and this you would have
this so this is definitely a purpley
blue and this is great and this is um
like a bluer blue like a royal blue so
that was cobalt this is butterfly it's
like a really light springy green this
is Patriot blue very dark navy this is
green maybe OD green
but it's like an olive it looks really
good on camera port royal burgundy
another black this is olive so if you
want to see the difference between olive
and green you can tell green is much
darker and olive is well all of the year
what else
marigold marigold is like I don't know
sports team yellow it's like orange
yellow this is dandelion and that's
marigold
it is gold for sure
here is colony blue it looks okay on
camera it is a light blue this one
definitely has some more lavender
undertones and what's showing up on
camera really really pretty
parfait pink it's a little bit more
bubblegummy it look it's looking like
nice and light here but it's definitely
got some bubblegum tones to it this is
red it is a very very bright in your
face red this is Persian red Persian red
has some pink to it so let's compare it
to the burgundy you can see those
differences there and even this coral
you can see those differences there how
the corals more pink and this is more
red this is almost like a magenta if you
want to think about like a sort of like
a muted magenta in a way this is called
Gulf Stream and it's like a really
pretty sky-blue this is wrought iron and
it's like a grey what a gray how
definitely it looks this looking a
little stealin here definitely has some
beige in it though in real life this is
Java chocolate brown like dark chocolate
brown
little boy blue is more of like I don't
a baby blue whereas this is sky-blue
that's like a baby blue
here is Cyprus Green and Cyprus green
actually it's like a very very dark
green not quite forest green it almost
has some blue in it and if that makes
any sense here is the olive next to it
yeah it's a very dark muddy green this
is seedling green almost like that
yellowy bright yellow a green
here's another this is woven olive this
is little boy blue just in the ripstop
not in the what was the other one
sup flex here is true red let's see what
true red looks like against red red that
we saw earlier so those differences so
here's the selects red on top and this
is the tassel and red on bottom and
really I mean there indiscernible you
cannot tell one from the other in terms
of color tropical green is this straight
neon green bright bright neon create
this would be really great as piping I
think this is another black multiply
black this is Safari tan and it is that
like khaki that khaki tan color here is
seafoam and you can tell seafoam is
greener than Gulf Stream seafoam really
is that seafoam green even feel sheer it
is too here is police blue I don't know
if I can find the other just that
Patriot blue versus police or can y'all
see a difference there yeah that one's
more Navy police blue is definitely go
through see what else another chocolate
here's the first one so that this is sup
Lex chocolate on top for Java I'm sorry
this is Java
and then on the bottom its TAS lands
chocolate so Java here and chocolate
here alright another Navy it looks likes
it's called ink and ink compared to
police blue you can see those
differences there and ink compared to
Patriot blue this is getting harder is
right like that not much of a difference
at all in fact yeah I would say these
are dupes for each other so the sub Lex
Patriot blue is a dupe for TAS Land Inc
I would say those are very comparable in
terms of color this is silver silver
definitely has like a steely gray to it
where was the other 2 cent wrought iron
yeah so sup Lex test land and this might
even be yeah this is a multi ply TAS
land so that's why it's Shearer then the
regular stuff likes but you can see the
colors there and then foliage foliage
there which also has like a grayish
beige taupe enos to it that's true to
what it looks like on camera is what it
really looks like
here's another navy there are so many
options G's for navies but you can tell
like the differences are so subtle so
that is ink
this is police blue let's see those are
pretty close police blue is darker but
not by as much as showing in real life
they're closer in real life so these are
all the navies here Patriot blue police
blue navy and ink Patriot ink Navy
police so you can see how these two are
more similar and these two are more
similar darker
dark navy and this is like a true Navy
what you would expect whenever you think
of Navy this is almost like a black Navy
both of them all right here is happy
blue happy blue isn't quite as happy in
real life as it is here it's more subtle
in real life really pretty blue color
here's white here is another all of this
one's called rifle green where are my
other olives so it's nothing like that
dark green where's the olive
so you can get an idea the difference is
there so this is a more like leafy green
called rifle green this is nomads very
true to the color in the camera is
really what I'm seeing here it's like
it's like a great little neutral I
actually really like that that could be
weird with some people's skin tones
though so I would be leery of that for
that reason then we have another
chocolate brown this is blue shadow blue
shadow is really pretty actually would
be like a really great wall color is
that weird to say um it's definitely
like a grey blue it's reading a little
bit more just reading lighter in real
life and it is
I'm sorry lighter in the camera than it
is in real life but it's definitely a
really pretty muted blue really pretty
this is steel gray steel grey and these
are all sort of their mid weight
versions so blue stone here's blue stone
next to what did they call it blue
shadow so blue stone versus blue shadow
blue shadows not in that baby blue it is
lighter than this obviously but it's
reading really baby blue next to it it's
definitely a gray blue but not as light
as baby blue here's white here's Frost
grey that's really pretty
here is pewter pewter is nice it's like
a dark grey not black that's nice
marigold now when we have two oh this is
the coded version so it's the same color
as before
it has a coating on it and then this is
dark navy which I'm looking at our other
navies that I pulled out it's almost
more gray than the other ones
it's not really Navy to me it's gray in
real life and in the camera and that is
all of them thank you guys so much for
watching if you enjoyed this video
please subscribe and give us that thumbs
up every time you thumbs up a video it
shares it with others so that they can
find our channel to be sure to follow us
on Instagram Twitter and Facebook we are
inside the hem everywhere also on
Pinterest and so yeah until next time
I'll see you guys around thanks so much
for watching bye