hey guys so today we are making a
Jurassic world cake I'm excited about
this cuz I'm really excited about this
movie we're making a baby dinosaur a
baby Raptor baby blue I love the
buttercream on this cake I like the gray
the blue the yellow it all looks so nice
so let's get started let's create this
cake the first thing I did was hot glue
gun a PVC pipe into the middle of my
cake board once it hardened I added my
first layer of cake which was a 6-inch
round vanilla cake
I added some fresh blueberries into my
vanilla cake if I were to go back and do
this again I would probably add dry
blueberries fresh blueberries always
like sink to the bottom whereas dried
blueberries stay where you mix them in
now added a layer of vanilla buttercream
into the middle and then I added a six
inch dome cake or half dome cake now
this needed a support so I'm using a
pipe coupler and just hammering it down
into place with my knife this ghetto
looks kind of ghetto but whatever I
place a very small round piece of
cardboard support my next cake then I
added my next layer of cake which was an
egg-shaped cake that I created with my
egg pan now I added another coupler and
some more cardboard so that it would
support this bottom layer of cake
eventually I'm going to create a
separate video that's very detailed and
shows you how to create this like PVC
pipe cake stand and so you can build the
same kind of cakes that I'm creating but
I'm still trying to lock everything down
because I'm doing some things that I'm
improving them in future cakes and I
want to make sure that the system is
good to go a lot of the stuff I'm using
comes from Home Depot I never knew that
comb Depot was a place for like Baker's
but it is yeah I added my second egg
shape to complete my Raptor head and
then I took my serrated knife and
started to carve away at my Raptors body
now the first thing I did was start to
shave away the sides to create my
Raptors neck
and then I rounded out the bottom of his
body and then I defined his back legs on
both sides of him so while I was
creating this I was creating a green
dragon and I was creating a black dragon
for Halloween and I realized that the
Raptor body would probably be easier to
carve if I used adult cake pan as
opposed to the six inch round cake and
then the dumb cake on top I think that
would be a lot less cake scraps because
it comes to a point one this is just a
theory though I haven't tested it out in
the next cake I will test that out I
want to like improve on this basic shape
as much as possible because you can
totally turn this into like a whole
bunch of different animals I'm like
imagining this as like a unicorn as a
giraffe there's like so many animals
that I'm going to turn this basic shape
into and I'm excited now after I was
finished my Raptors body I moved on to
his head I just took my serrated knife
and just start to strain out the slope
on the top and I wanted his snout to be
narrower than the back of his head so I
was shaving away some cake on the sides
the whole time I was doing this I was
just thinking to myself this needs to
look less like an egg and more like a
dinosaur
now for my Raptor tail I added some
buttercream to the back of my Raptor and
then just placed on some cake scraps you
know this tails like really stubby so I
didn't need that much cake back there
after that I gave this baby a crumb coat
and it was really funny because I was at
a party two days ago and I was talking
to another Baker and telling her how
much like I just loved the crumb coat
it's like the cleanup you clean up all
the crumbs they get stuck on this layer
of frosting and then it looks bomb
afterwards I think this is the most
soothing part of the cake process after
I gave this baby a crumb coat I placed
it into the fridge to chill for a little
bit and I was reading Entertainment
Weekly I purchased this latest issue of
Entertainment Weekly because they were
talking about Aquaman and it just looks
fantastic there aren't that many
pictures but they show you what Atlantis
looks like and they show you all the
creatures that the land teens are gonna
be riding instead of seahorses they're
gonna be riding sea dragons the riding
great white sharks and the riding
crocodiles with armor the creature
design is absolutely incredible
in my head I'm already like I could turn
this and do a cake I want to turn this
and do it cake just go check it out it
looks so cool
I took my cake out of the fridge and I
gave it a final layer of buttercream I'm
covering my entire cake in a light gray
buttercream just worked my way all over
his head and body you can definitely
cover this cake with gray fondant but I
love buttercream so I'm trying to use it
as much as possible especially on 3d
cakes
after I covered my entire cake I placed
it back into the fridge for about 30
minutes just so that the butter could
solidify then I took it out and started
to refine all of my buttercream edges
now because I am creating a buttercream
cake I'm not trying to get the surface
of the buttercream completely flat I'm
just making sure that you can see all
the detail that I carved away
earlier I just love the texture I think
he looks so cool just working my way all
the way around the cake making sure that
you can see the definition of the legs
that I created that I kept the neck sort
of very trim and thin and then I carved
away the tail so that it looks cleaner
now once I was finished I placed my
Raptor back into the fridge and I
started to work on more of his details
and I rolled out some very bright orange
and I let it sit out for about two hours
now and I cut out a circle using one of
my cookie cutters Ned I added some
detail using some yellow and white food
coloring I didn't want it to just be
orange so I added like this like
firework shaped into the middle I
diluted some black food coloring with
some vodka and added that to the edges
of the eye and then I gave my Raptor to
catch lights with white fondant a big
one and then a tiny one to give it a
little bit more of sparkle I set that
aside and starts work on my Raptors
extremities his limbs his arms his feets
I created some light gray fondant that's
the same color as my dinosaur for his
feet I rolled it into like a soft
triangle that's what I'm going with
I don't know and then I just separated
three toes for his feet
[Music]
for his hands I rolled my gray fondant
into this like long tube and using my
fingers I just separated at the wrists
so that you can see definition between
his hands and the rest of his arm and I
separated three fingers from that using
some sculpting tools and then to create
my Raptor claws I just used some
charcoal fondant I rolled it into
different size spikes and then curved
them to create the claws I'm gonna
attach these to my feets and my hands
with some magic sauce and for the larger
claw I use a toothpick to hold it into
place now when I was growing up
dinosaurs were like my jam dude I liked
the Triceratops and the brontosaurus
because I fell in love with them with um
a land for time and then when Jurassic
Park 2 came out I fell in love with the
Tri no no no the Stegosaurus that was
the one that was like what the scene
were like that mama Stegosaurus is
trying to protect her like baby I was
like this is bomb let me know in the
comments what your favorite dinosaur was
and what dinosaur you'd like to see me
create on this channel I set all of my
pieces aside and he started to work on
my Raptor again Blue has two stripes on
like both sides that started his eyes
and they like go all the way down to his
tail so I used some sculpting tools and
I just marked where I wanted those
stripes to be I wanted them to kind of
be bigger because his head is huge and
then I just made each stripe a little
thinner as it got closer to her tail
it's a girl bright blues of girl not a
boy is my boyfriend's alpha and she's a
beta right I got it I got it you're
using the piping bag I piped out some
white buttercream and just pipe them
along the lines I created using offset
spatula I just started to spackle on the
white covering the lines that I carved
and just working my way all the way down
says tail the texture of the buttercream
looks really cool it looks like an art
project
now using the white buttercream as a
guide I piped out a layer of blue
buttercream and using my offset spatula
I'm just backing it down making sure I
covered the inside of my stripe these
stripes look different on each eye I
just wanted them to have very different
very natural-looking sheets now he
spouts 'cold all in a little bit of
yellow detail into the blue I thought it
would look really nice with the orange
eye and then I covered his tummy with
some yellow buttercream as well now I
added on all of my Raptors limbs his
hands and both of his feet then I placed
on both eyes and then using a black rope
of fondant that I created with this why
does this plague shooter fondant
extruder yeah something like that I just
added it on to creat his mouth and then
I finished it with some coconut shavings
that I colored to look like hay and
voila
my baby Raptor baby blue was come clean
he look so oh my gosh this I'm excited
this looks really good I love the 3d
shape I was able to tree I love the
subtleness of the gray and how it makes
the blue the orange and the yellow pop I
am over the moon for this movie I'm so
excited I heard a lot of really good
things and I just like super scary and I
heard that marketing kind of dropped the
ball when it came to promoting this
movie because they said that the
trailers and the TV spots don't do the
movie justice which makes me really
happy because I'm glad they didn't give
that much away then furious are you
gonna watch Jurassic world opening
weekend i am i bought thursday night
tickets and I bought Friday night
tickets because I wanted to make sure
that if I couldn't go to one showing I
had like a back-up plan you know I hope
you guys enjoyed this I love you I will
see you very soon please