hey guys Master kid back with some
Borderlands 2 for you today of course
and this is a bit of a requested video a
lot of people have been commenting and
sending messages lately uh asking to see
my build that I use but I don't use one
build when I play uh if you if you fight
a lot of bosses and do a lot of
different things you'll probably like me
and you constantly change your build so
I thought I'd show you a couple of
different ones uh in the video I'm not
going to really go over them I'm just
going to show them on the screen screen
you can pause it have a look compare it
to your own if you use a siren and see
how you go but the first one here we've
got is Terramorphous and that's the
build I use incidentally the build I use
for Terramorphous par acostic Pete and
the bunker is exactly the same I don't
change the build for those uh particular
fights the only thing I do change uh is
usually relics so in this particular
fight I found that using a fire damage
Relic uh which is the one right there
the elemental iic which gives me 28%
fire damage really really hurts
Terramorphous especially when I use the
fire sandw coupled with a be Shield
really really good how do you like my
new fancy titles it took so long to
render this video because there's one of
those titles on every single boss uh it
takes a lot of lot of uh computing power
to render that flame effect out but I
like it I think it looks cool I always
like to try and make the videos look as
professional as possible but yeah uh
with Terramorphous I mean b basically
you can hide behind the rock over to the
left there if you want but if you're a
spec like this you have a fire Sant to
be the fire Relic if you have the skills
in the right places you can pretty much
well beat him without having to get
behind the rock you may need to step
back if he does get close to you so you
may have to dodge a certain attack but
in most cases you'll pop up twice and
then the third time is when he'll get
close to
you when I actually have ruin on you see
when I hit him with a phase lock he
turns pink when he gets slag so he
actually takes double the damage from
the sandul sandul with the B already
does huge damage to him but when he slag
like that but the thing is Terramorphous
has an effect where see he slagged and
then he pretty much all instantly washes
it off so a tip with the sandhog is try
and shoot a few bursts out and wait
until their burster Airborne then slag
him so as he gets slagged the sand
bullets will hit him and it'll do much
more damage but he he was just about
dead there like hit him with a North
leet just to be
stylish it's all about being
stylish No Loot unfortunately so we'll
move on to the next enemy and uh the
next enemy is pyrotic Pete so you'll see
the build is exactly the same the only
thing I Chang in this fight is the sand
HW I changed to an electrical one
instead of a fire one and I use that
Allegiance Relic there it gives me the
plus 61% magazine size and almost plus
50% burst delay um what that means is I
should say minus 50% burst delay what
that means is when you use a sandle you
probably notice that when you shoot the
button uh shoot the button push the the
trigger to actually shoot the sand when
it zoomed in it bursts and then when you
go to push it again there's a there's a
delay between the time you can actually
push the button and have another burst
come out what that Relic does is it
halves the time that it takes to
actually get another burst out which
means you can put pretty much well 50%
more bullets on your target uh in 50% of
the time which is really really handy so
you can see how quickly I can actually
shoot this sandw in this fight now I can
absolutely pour bullets out we were
testing it the other night in the Stream
and it made a huge difference uh the the
damage you do is pretty much exactly the
same it doesn't increase your damage but
it decreases the time it takes to do
that
damage and the fight is pretty much well
over already uh I mean with a a sad H
with element and a good be shield and
ability to slag him you can just tear
him up and uh there we go he's one of my
favorite bosses to farm at the moment
and he's been dropping good legendaries
lately too good fun now we're on to the
bunker I thought I'd include the bunker
purely because a lot of people uh have
been farming him lately after seeing a
lot more about the Sham with the Logan's
Gun and everybody's trying to get a good
sham uh I've farmed him lots and lots
and lots of times and I've never got a
legendary drop from him unfortunately so
uh but yeah I thought I'd include it in
here just to show that the the build I
use for Pete and Terramorphous also work
on the bunker and uh yeah this is an
identical build to what you just saw in
Pete so nothing changed whatsoever the
builds the same the relics the same the
weapons are the same uh so I'd say
that's probably my most commonly used
build the one I use with uh P acoustic
Pete but like I said at the start of the
video a lot of people wanted to see my
build as in what build I used but uh
there's not really a single build you
can use especially when you want to do
different things take on different raid
bosses you you constantly have to
change so the bunker is a bit of a
pushover with this particular setup if
you can get those Critical Hits uh the
only thing that can slow it down is if
you get bots downstairs here they
sometimes spawn they'll uh do a bit of
damage to you and drop your Shield so
you won't be able to get the amp damage
but uh otherwise a few bullets into his
critical points in his ice there and
he's absolutely a a pushover again I
didn't get any loot from him so I think
I just flick flick a shot at him make
sure he dies and then I cut the video so
uh but yeah unfortunately no loot you
see I just got bunker Buster I just
reset all my challenges the other day I
might talk about that later and here we
are back at a very familiar place this
is hyperious so the hyperious setup is
slightly different to the other ones but
um the main thing that changes is I put
a little bit of points uh in I think
it's restoration so that gives me a
little bit more max health and that
allows me to survive two Nova blasts
consecutively a lot of people spec
differently in this fight and uh there's
no wrong or right way to spec but that
particular way I can be hit by two Nova
blasts and then I can start healing a
lot of people spec so they can sort of
uh either heal or do more damage but
they still have to use the Ruby directly
after the first blast there so see I can
survive two now I can heal uh that's why
I like to build like that in the live
stream the other day I noticed I think I
had about six or seven skill points left
over and looking at the skill trees I
said to people in the Stream I said I
bet you I could just go in and beat him
without even spending those extra points
and I did I walked in and beat him
because most of the other points for the
siren uh only help with phase lock and
things like that uh so yeah I think I
had I had about six or seven extra
points and I didn't even need to spend
them to beat by period This is a
slightly different technique here I'm
using the fire sandw and uh I I actually
more enjoy the fight when I use the Sham
shield and the north Leets because it
just I think it's a lot cooler way to
beat him but this is a much faster way
uh and I think in a lot of cases this
would probably be more accessible to
people to get themselves a half decent V
Shield of fire sandw I use a nor Fleet
to kill the Bots or to drop the the
bot's connection to hyperious but you
can use any rocket launcher if you have
a batter boom or something like that a
couple of shots down at their feet will
drop their connection to hyperious Once
their connections drop that's when
hyperious takes damage and uh once you
drop his connection like that he only
does a shield breaker NOA he doesn't do
a double NOA so uh just keep that in
mind if you drop the shield uh with a
hit to those Bots he'll only ever do a
single NOA to actually attack your
Shield that's something to keep in mind
the only reason you'll do a double NOA
is um when he gets the this stage when
he goes aggro or when he reconnects to
the Bots that's another time he'll
actually do a double
NOA there was something weird there he
actually did a triple NOA and I have no
idea how I survived it I had nowhere
near enough Health uh I think something
must have bugged out there it was just
weird you can see with the storm front
out using the Ruby I can just heal so
quickly I can just pretty much on negate
all of the damage that hyperious is
doing to me I actually really enjoy this
fight now I don't mind coming here and
and fighting hyperious at all I just
wish his drop rate was a bit better so
here I'm a bit worried cuz I had barely
any health so I walk up I've got more
than enough ammo in the north fet and
because I've still got points in imilate
it means I get a good damage bonus uh
with Fire Element when I'm put down and
it uh means I can take out hyperious
quite
comfortably anyway the last fight that I
decided to feature uh is the veritus one
again the the build is similar to the
hyperious one but the biggest change as
I changed the class mod to use uh the
Banshee class mod that gives me plus six
in emulate so a lot of people have
probably already seen this and a lot of
this stuff I've already covered in other
videos but I thought it'd be nice to put
it all together show the skill trees and
then go and do the fight after I show
the trees just to show that it is
possible and they are the trees I am
using but yeah having the uh plus six
class mod and plus five points spent in
emulate means that once I'm put in the
fight for my life I get a 110% % uh
damage bonus from uh fire weapons as a
flame element so that means when I get
put down and I'm holding that fire nor
fet I'm basically Unstoppable I like to
start this fight with the B now I put
one on the chief and then I switch to
the Sham uh and what that means I can do
is I can get put down now quite
comfortably and I can just unload on
veritus with the North Fleet and you'll
see that damage there I mean that's
three shots and he's just over halfway I
get another one on him then I flick
put one on the chief and now something
that's important you want to try and
take these midgets out quickly before
you get put down because if you get put
down and you're trying to shoot veritus
you will get revives from those midgets
and what will happen is you'll go down
too many times and your bleedout time
won't reset and you'll end up dying but
there we go verd is done uh quite
comfortably anyway guys uh that was the
first video I've uploaded since I'm a
partner with a TGs Network now and with
the game station so thanks for all the
support on the channel I hope you
enjoyed the video if you have any
questions about anything you feel free
to follow me on Twitter I generally am
fairly active on there I'll answer
questions that's where where I also
announce all of the live streams it's
hard for me to upload videos that say
I'm doing a live stream here go if I can
just announce it on Twitter it's much
easier anyway guys I hope you enjoyed
that one until the next video we'll see
you later