okay I've got the weekend warrior
questions and question number one is
what is the difference between using
acetone and isopropyl alcohol when
cleaning metal for welding well here's
here's the answer first of all there are
all kinds of cleaning uh methods and and
solvents and things like that the reason
that I mention these two in particular
because they're good allpurpose
especially when you get into Aerospace
type welding uh you may be wiping down
stainless steel and then in the
afternoon you may be doing titanium well
both of these acetone and isopropyl
alcohol are very good they don't leave a
residue on your material when they uh
they'll dry up after you wipe them wipe
them off and there's no residue uh also
if you get into some materials like
uh titanium you never want to get a uh a
cleaning solvent that has chlorine or
chloride base in it neither of these
have chlorine in them so uh they're six
and one half it does in the other both
of them are are flamable both of them
are very clean so uh take your choice uh
they're both cleaning
solvents so thanks for the question