what's up guys hope you're doing well
today we're working on part two of how
to build a shed on a budget okay guys so
the first thing we're going to do is
we're going to take some spray paint and
Mark out our four corners since my shed
is going to be eight by twelve we're
going to obviously make mark out an
eight by twelve rectangle and then try
to square it up a bit and then we'll go
ahead and put our Center blocks and
level and stuff like that so let's get
to it
[Music]
all right so real quickly I wanted to
mention the fact that uh you do have a
softer dirt in your yard you're probably
going to want to leave about two inches
underneath it Center block for gravel or
three inches something like that to
basically hold it in place but since I'm
basically digging into what is
completely rock based I mean this is 80%
rock so I'm not gonna worry about that
but if you have a really soft dirt
wherever you're building your shed I
would recommend probably putting some
gravel underneath but for me it's not
really necessary since I'm digging in a
straight Rock anyways so moving on from
the concrete blocks the next step would
be to go ahead and start marking out
your boards these eight foot boards have
to be cut down three inches because that
way when we put them in in between our
12 foot boards the overall length is
going to be 8 foot so that way when we
put our plywood on we don't have an inch
and a half on either side that isn't
covered so I'm going to do that and I'm
also going to show you guys how to mark
the layout on the 12 foot boards so to
mark your board out starting from one
end we're going to take our tape and
since this is going to be our first one
right here
we're gonna go 16 inches and put a mark
right there and then you're gonna need a
framing square as well and you're gonna
want to go ahead and square that up and
since the end of the 2 by 8 is gonna be
sitting right here the end of this 2 by
8 is gonna be right here so it's gonna
be on this side of the line so I'll go
ahead and put an X on that line to let
us know that that's where the two bite
sticks is going to be going so don't be
tempted to go like this and try to
measure out 16 inches from each line go
ahead and hook your end
so that way you get a more precise
measurement and then we're just going to
be adding 30 there are 16 so the next
mark would be at 32 and then go ahead
and square that and do your X like I
showed you and then do the same thing on
the other 2 by 6 starting
at the same end and working down
[Music]
so real quick I want to show you all
something on these eight-foot boards I
said we were going to take three inches
off of them so that way we get a total
of eight feet on our crane but you can
see these are actually eight and a
quarter instead of eight foot which is
not uncommon at all so instead of taking
off three inches I'll be taking off
three and a quarter so that way we'll
get exactly eight feet or you can just
go to eight feet and then count back
three inches to 93 and then I'll put a
mark there and I'm actually just going
to cut this one and then I'll just use
it as a template to mark all the other
ones to make sure they're as consistent
as possible all right guys the last
thing we're gonna bark before we start
cutting is we're gonna mark the crown on
each one of these eight foot boards as
well as the 12 foot board and basically
what that means is you're gonna want to
look down on the board and if there's a
boat either up or down to your mark it
now luckily these eight foot boards are
fairly short so they're not gonna have
much of a crown but we're just going to
go through each one of these and you put
that crown facing up so that way as the
board starts to sag it strains out
rather than drooping down more
[Music]
alright guys so we're gonna go ahead and
start nailing in the 8 foot boards to do
this I would definitely recommend
getting a nice here if your got a hand
dryer the nails like I am ideally you
would have a nail gun for this with some
16 gauge nails and you can go through
really quickly and nail it off but I'm
going to be using some old hand drives
because these were completely free and
that is kind of the idea of this whole
build is to do it for as little money as
possible but in order to do that I'll be
using a big hammer this is a 22 ounce
decking hammer so it's going to be
really really a lot better than a a
smaller 12 ounce hammer or something
like that and then I'll just be using
three-inch simple hand drives so let's
get to it
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
see we went ahead and put on all the
supports and so at this point you're
really almost completely done you cook
with the plywood on and be finished with
the base but I'm not gonna do that I'm
gonna go ahead and put on some hangers
as well as to box for all of these the
two by fours and the hangers are just
leftovers from either construction site
to a past project so I don't have
hangers to do all of them I have I've
actually four short so I'm going to
leave off hangers in the last two look
even mind this is free so that's why
we're doing it and because we're working
with budget materials at any time that
we can beep it up and want to be able to
so that way we're not compromising price
or compromising quality for low price
[Music]
[Music]
now that we have our ply went on I went
ahead and put down our cinder blocks on
our 12-foot sides and now we're going to
be going ahead and screwing these down
now ideally you would have an 18 gauge
nailer or something to go through and
nail them very quickly but I happen to
have these one and 5/8 inch decking
screws are gonna be using those because
they are free and we're gonna be singing
them about an eighth of an inch into our
plywood so we should have about an inch
into the actual frame when it's all said
and done so we're gonna be doing that
we're gonna spay something about every
12 18 inches for the supports and for
obviously the outside so let's go ahead
and get to it
[Music]
[Music]
hi guys and there you have it
we now so sexually finished the bottom
of the shed so we have our base and our
cinder blocks in place so we looking
forward to part three in the next few
weeks to come if you guys aren't already
subscribed make sure you subscribe to
that if you guys have any comments
questions or concerns let me know in the
comment section below thanks I'll see
you on the next
[Music]