[Music]
hey guys welcome back to my channel so
this video I'm gonna be showing you how
to make a macrame ball hanging a couple
things you're gonna need so you're gonna
need something to hang it on I just have
a wooden dowel rod here and this is like
the think it's one that they've got at
Walmart I think it was like 50 cents or
a dollar or something like that and then
I just stained it with a stain you can
do whatever you want with it you can use
some driftwood a curtain rod anything
that you want to hang it on go get
you're also gonna need some sort of
string this is just to attach to the
down rod and hang up on the wall so that
you can like do your work and everything
and not have to worry about you know
holding it and trying to do I don't know
put some sizzles I'm not sure which pair
is the good pair so I got em both next
you need some kind of rope you can even
use yarn but it's gonna be a little bit
softer and you won't be able to see the
knots as well so I recommend some kind
of a rope now this stuff right here is
like three or four bucks at Walmart they
have got these cons right here and
they've also got this kind right here
and I use both of these these are a
cotton and polyester blend whereas this
one is a polyester and polypro : pro
propylene I don't know how you say that
boolean you can see the color difference
this one's got more of a natural look
and this one is just solid what that is
the difference in cotton and the
polyester one or you can go and get you
some of this stuff right here
this is Bonnie's craft cord you can get
it at Hobby Lobby I think maybe Michaels
I know hobby lobby's got it for like 8
bucks and there is a hundred yards in
this compared to these is only a hundred
feet so I have to use quite a lot of
these I think I've got eight right here
and same for the longer one but these I
usually only have to use about one maybe
one and a half for one project here we
go
okay so we've got the end of the doll
right here and all we're just gonna do
you literally just tie a little knot on
the corner of it you don't have to make
it anything to France just something
like that and go to the other side and
tie another knot okay so now when it
comes to these little guys right here
you're really just gonna measure it off
now obviously you're going to beat I'm
not into a bunch of ropes so the Rope is
gonna shrink as you go so you want to
make it a little bit or actually a lot a
bit longer than what you would think the
length would be pretty much double your
length I would say I don't really know
what I'm making today I'm just gonna
make
so get it how long you want it to be and
then fold it in half and that's how long
it's gonna be so for example say you
once you wrote to me this long
okay well now you gotta just do this
right here and right here is where you
gonna cut because we need to have a loop
that's how we're gonna attach it to the
wooden dowels so you does that make
sense let's fold it over and make it
double for me for a typical project when
I use a hundred foot ropes I like to be
able to cut about ten ten feet this is
pretty much how I do it I don't know if
it's right this is just how I do it so
you're gonna start like this right here
with these are the ropes that I've
already cut and this is like the working
rope so you're just gonna attach it
there and I just like to feed it through
just like this and then when you get to
the end you just cut it obviously if you
want to be all serious and whatnot you
can use a tape measure but last little
too short for me to go measuring out
things one by one if it's just going on
the wall you know what I mean all right
here we go
so once you get an appropriate sized
amount of rope that you can just fit
your whole head into wow this kind of
looks cool it's like I got skinny
noodles on my head or something
Oh Betty spaghetti do y'all remember her
do in sections maybe like 10 apiece put
it on your dowel rod or whatever you're
hanging it on and just to make sure that
you're not cutting too much rope because
you you want to save a little bit of
rope for some extra decoration we'll get
into that just we're not done cutting
rope yet just know that just know that
also if you know that you want your
macaroni project to maybe go down in a V
if you want the middle portion to be
longer than the rest of it I suggest
cutting some extra long pieces for the
center of it maybe like 10 or so in the
middle be a good chunk longer just
because the middle portion is probably
what you're going to be working a lot
more so that ropes gonna shrink up a lot
higher than the int okay so once you've
got it hanging on the wall wherever you
want it to go for your workspace mine's
just chilling right there and you're
gonna take your rope and what you're
gonna do like I said earlier is you're
gonna dump fold it in half toward the
ends of that rope are like that right
there
and the top of it is like that right
there and you're just going to take this
I think this was called like a larks
head nod or something like that so okay
so it's gonna look like this and you're
just gonna fold it over this right here
so grab it and then pull it through and
that's gonna attach it to the rod and
you're just gonna do this for every
single or on the rope okay so I've got
about 30 ropes hanging up here so I've
left the ends off like if you can see
I've lived a good fit on the ends
because I'm gonna make another little
rope come down look into that we'll get
to that but for now I just got about 30
right here you need an even number
amount of ropes because you're gonna be
working in groups of four so for
instance I'm taking these two ropes
right here and this is what I'm gonna
use to start creating my first nuts with
and this first knot is called a square
knot you cross over take this one go
under pull through and pull to the top
and then take this one go over under
pull through and you have completed your
first knot and you're gonna do this all
the way across the top so your first row
will look something like this now what
we're going to do is we're going to
alternate these square knot to make
little triangle shapes like this right
here throughout and to do that what
you're gonna do is you're gonna leave
these last two out they pretend they
don't exist and you're gonna take the
left side of that one knot these two
ropes and in the right side of the knot
next to it and you're gonna combine
these and do the same thing and have the
square knot being right here and that's
gonna create an alternate square knot or
alternating so just like this
just like that right there and you're
gonna do that a couple of times over
depending on how big you want your
triangle to be so what I've done is I've
split mine up into five so I've started
using these first five not turn here
because I've got 15 actual knots so
split it up into three so I'm gonna have
three different triangles and you just
work that row - no you've got four and
now you do the same thing you get rid of
the first knots like rock section use
the left section of that and then the
right section of the not next to it and
you'll have a knot right underneath and
you've got your patent just keep going
here is the first two uncomplete and I'm
just gonna do two more of those and
we'll be finished with this part so if
you've completed all three of them they
should look something like this right
here what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
start making these little double
half-hitch stitches I think is with a
call essentially you're just gonna be
creating this diagonal line and it looks
like twisted rope and so what we'll do
is we'll start with this one on the very
ant you're gonna take the Rope fits
underneath it like this and you're gonna
flip it over it and pull through and go
up to the top with it and that's going
to create like a little loop and you're
gonna do that one more time with the
same rope
now it's connected it's latched on and
you you will see as I go what kind of
shape this is going to start to take
[Music]
okay so once you make it to the bottom
you're gonna just split this bottom knot
into two pieces so you're gonna use the
two strands on this side to finish this
side and you're gonna put the two
strands on the right side to do this
side you're gonna do the same thing and
you're just gonna pick up this rope
right here pick up the next rope beside
it flip it over it through it and pull
it up just like that and you just repeat
that on all three of these triangles
okay now once you reach the bottom
portion of this triangle you've still
got these two working ropes from either
side and you're just going to want to
connect the two you can either go this
way or this way it doesn't matter I'm
just gonna go this way and you're just
gonna use those two ropes to connect it
by doing the same exact knot and it will
look something like that
so now it's gonna be looking something
like that once you're done and this does
take a lot of time so try to just be
patient with it we're gonna be taking
four ropes again as usual so you're
gonna have four right here for right
here four right here and so on and we're
gonna be making the little twisty ropes
I'm not really sure what they're called
but it's like the twist where they they
twist together and to do that it's super
super simple you're gonna start out just
like you would with a square knot and
you know fold it over fold it under fold
it up but now that we are here instead
of alternating to the left side and
flipping it under this way we're gonna
keep doing it with this rock side so
just keep
keep doing it to the right side and
eventually the Rope will start to curve
and we're going to do that on both of
these sides but I'm gonna make this one
just a little bit longer than the rest
so we're gonna stop short at a diagonal
with these just like this right here so
we can go in with another row of these
right here does that make sense
I don't know you'll be able to see just
wait for the next frame so I've kind of
stopped just short of the other one now
that we're on the left side of this
little work space instead of see how
these are all twisting in the same
direction we're gonna make these twists
the other way and to do that instead of
starting on the right side you're just
going to start on the left side and just
from keep repeating that left knot and
the ropes will start spinning to the
other direction
[Music]
okay so there you go you've got these
ropes going this way and these ropes
going that way just gives it a little
bit of a twist and you just repeat that
on the other two all right now let's
look in something like this right here
and now these little rows like this that
we've made we're gonna do the same exact
thing here but we're also gonna do we're
also going to double it so it's gonna be
a row of this and then a row of it so
it's gonna be two rubber and we're gonna
get going right now
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
and now you just repeat what you just
did there on the other tooth okay so now
it's time for one of my favorite parts
what we're going to be doing is if you
have any left over rope from when you
were cutting these go ahead and give it
right now what you're gonna do is you're
just going to attach it up here to this
top portion and you can attach it
anywhere on your that you would lock I
think what I'm gonna do first is I'm
gonna attach it somewhere somewhere in
this area
right and it'll just it'll be just like
this now we're going to attach rope to
this portion and have it like flowy
hangy downy and it's gonna be really
really cute alright so now for this part
of the project you're gonna want to make
some coat of sort of French I don't look
a little different it's like day two
doing this project so hello and I just
got the shower I'm all kinds of
squeaky-clean alright so you're gonna
want to make some fringe to go and
dangle from this area so to do that you
just take your rope and do the same
thing that you've been doing it fold it
in half cutting in that sort of thing
bring the tip of your finger to a little
bit past your elbow go ahead and snip
that and what you're gonna do is you're
just gonna start doing the same little
larks head nuts that we've done
previously and just attaching it to this
rope and you'll start having these
little dangles across the way and it'll
start looking really really cute
alright so I changed my mind just a
little bit instead of having this
connect up here I connect it right here
and it's gonna like kind of swoop down
like this okay so I'm gonna hit and cut
ten more ropes that I'm just gonna fill
in five right here and then five on this
side just because I feel like it's
really empty and I don't know what else
to do so she's gonna fill it in and see
what happens
[Music]
[Music]
okay so slimming and added a robe right
here just to make it a little bit more
balanced in cute and pretty so yeah this
is pretty much the finished look except
for and then we got to cut the bottom
half off I'll go ahead and show you that
you can see where we had some excess
rope left over and I'm just going to
trim it up to where it kind of you know
follows this little loopy - Boop alright
so that's pretty much the into the video
if you liked it give me a big old thumbs
up in sould scrub and I hope you all
have a great day and God bless