another week another episode and this
time around I get to show you how to
make lamb chops miss Mandie Throwdown
style welcome to yet another episode of
miss Mandie Throwdown so we're going to
start things off by of course washing
our lamb chops out so the first thing we
did we did not use vinegar this time
around it was just plain water and then
we're gonna take the lamb chops and lay
them out on our chopping board in order
to of course season them we're gonna go
with about four cloves well diced if you
don't have fresh garlic garlic powder
works just fine we are going to start
with coarse sea salt don't go too crazy
with coarse sea salt is actually much
more saltier than table salt just season
one side and take our fireball if you do
not have fireball you can always just
use black pepper it's a great substitute
I'm going to use a little bit of black
pepper sprinkle it around and then we're
going to move on to our herbs now these
herbs are sage rosemary thyme marjoram
and you can use mixed herbs I got this
as a gift we're gonna take our garlic
put it on top you can of course like I
said use garlic powder if you're trying
to marinate this quickly in order to
cook it we're just gonna marinate ours
and of course put it in the fridge for
about an hour or so take your fresh
thyme if you don't have fresh thyme you
can actually just use crushed time stuff
same thing
so we're going to take all our lamb
chops and basically throw them in there
in order to marinate them really well
and then of course get our hands dirty
I'm going to add more herbs keep
dropping them in so since I'm a love of
garlic I actually want to add more
garlic powder and then we're going to
let it rest and put it in the fridge
we're going to set it into the fridge
for about an hour take it out and then
time to fry now you're gonna love the
fact that we live in Africa right they
cut off your power anytime they feel
like they want to and that's what
happened to me I ended up marinating my
lamb chops for longer than an hour it's
been three hours now but I'm quite
excited about the flavors and how all
the spices combined so let's get ready
to throw down
so before we rub in the spices one more
time we're just going to sprinkle a
little bit more of crazy salt make sure
the spices are well inside and then we
are going to shake off all the excess
herbs because we do not want them to
burn when we're frying it on to my
favorite part is time to grill up these
lamb chops I'm gonna be using my
descending grill pan that I got from
room foods one of my favorite buys from
2015 it is double sided and we're going
to be using the grill side so why don't
we just get this party started so we're
going to start things off by heating up
the grill pan we're going to pour in a
little bit of cooking oil now a goal is
to get the oil really hot
[Music]
so now we're going to flip them over
after two minutes now one of the major
reasons why I love this pan you can
literally just go ahead and cover it in
order for them to cook and become tender
we're going to be adding some fresh
lemon juice after pouring the lemon
we're going to close it and let it cook
for a bit more so these bad boys took
about 12 minutes to cook we're just
going to sprinkle a little bit more salt
on to them this is of course optional so
we're just going to drizzle a little bit
more lemon juice fresh lemon juice onto
them now we're going to be using fresh
rosemary as a garnish and those who like
fresh pepper you can of course just
grind up some more for the garnish
honestly I just want to say I love the
fact that this descended grill pan was
one of my favorite buy from 2015 the
lamb chops look phenomenal it's time for
me to dig in but before I do that like
subscribe comment and don't forget to
let a lamb chop lover know that they
need to throw this down
[Music]