picking its plant and today we're gonna
revisit my most popular video is
something called simplest way to make
boobs and that's really was the intent
of it if you haven't seen the video I'll
throw a link in somewhere up here for
you to catch and if you have then you
know we're going to review what we did I
took a half gallon of 100% grape juice
poured a little bit out through a cup of
sugar in there and then threw some red
yeast in there and we let that ferment
for about seven days and then we had
alcoholic beverage we had basically
something called you know prison wine or
but we had an alcoholic beverage that we
can drink we made alcohol the quickly
review one actually happens in the
process is these this yeast in here is
actually living organism right now it's
dormant when we throw it in there it
rehydrates and it comes back alive
why didn't wants to do is it wants to
eat sugar thing there's like a little
Pacman just eating sugar and in the
process it pees out alcohol and it farts
out co2 that's basic fermentation and
that's what we did basically we had a
basic fermentation experiment and we
created alcoholic beverage so now I want
to kind of go over questions comments
concerns
I got about about because I got hundreds
of comments on the video people asking
different things so I'm gonna kind of go
over some of the major points first and
foremost I know this will funnel I call
it a strainer video it's a funnel man
mistake uh second people question me hey
this is not booze its wine booze is hard
alcohol if you look under the Webster's
dictionary if booze is kind of an
all-encompassing term for alcoholic
beverages beer wine would normally
choose some hard spirits like five kids
you and stuff like that yes books we're
making this I usually turn their that
through people off I used I said
we were gonna do that you could decant
this what that means is if you did the
experiment on the very bottom we had a
lot of dead yeast sales well you don't
want to drink for that so if you
carefully pour off the liquid and make
sure to pour in a way that you leave the
yeast on bottom it's called the candy
they do this sometimes in fancy
restaurants that have old balls of wine
that have had some settlement settle
they'll go ahead open it and decant it
for you at the table and let you drink
it say not worried about drinking
sediment and that's a what I meant by
decanting yeast wise I was slightly
confusing in the video I want to review
yeast in the notes on video I said some
about using one pack you don't want to
use a whole pack of this yeast that's a
little too much in the video I think I
said they use half to a third of a
package that's still too much a quarter
of fifth will get this time we're only
doing about two quarts half gallon so
you don't need that much east but it got
the job done if you put too much yeast
it's just too many yeast cells competing
for a few sugar cells that kind of
affects the yeast so use a little less
yeast if you try this another thing I
have people I see a lot of times well I
have can't blow off for them bottles get
tied or this that the other um what I
did in the video was after I put the
yeast and the sugar everything I put the
cap back on but I didn't tighten it I
left it loose enough where air could
come out remember where the yeast is
producing co2 and that co2 needs to
escape or again you'd have this ball
blow up I just left the cap on just
loose enough and you kind of squeeze the
ball no the dirt if air could come out
or not if you don't want to do it don't
trust that or whatever you can use a
balloon so we will use condoms and you
put it on either poking a hole on the
end of it that allows air out or you
come by one side here so kind of open up
that balloon lift the air out and then
let that balloon re-inflate that's up to
you if you know homebrewer
happen to be homebrew
shop where you can't get one of these
airlocks you'll fill it with a little
bit water what it does is make sure that
co2 comes out but nothing gets in you
don't leave this open and the fly in
there or some kind of dust or atmosphere
something like that hurt the yeast to
the micro organisms whatever so that's
why we do that
another point some people brought out
was they're like hey you don't need to
use yeast use raisins in the fields
grapes or have wild yeast coated autumn
and classic way to make grape grape so
so they would pick them will lay them
out the Sun will and shrivel up what had
in modern agriculture with the spring of
certain chemicals and certain treatments
and this that and the other I I'm not
gonna gamble
I'm realities I got a grocery store near
me or however I've got access to bread
you will use that but if you want to try
the great thing the raisin thing feel
free and there's some theory out there
that the raisins also provide each
nutrient reward or so you know feel free
that is an option uh one of probably
most popular question was a be how much
booze them is when I did this experiment
I did not take an AP degree however I've
used the bread yeast and several other
experiments and I generally got a six to
eight percent alcohol by volume range in
those experiments so that's probably
about what you would get on something
like this not guaranteed but that's
about the range and one last thing
people commented on was hey I tried
Hawaiian fruit punch or I tried a juice
juice light drink or you know whatever
fruit punch kind of thing and it didn't
work if you don't use a hundred percent
fruit juice if you use one of these
fruit juice drinks over a lot of times
they have a lot of preservatives and the
yeast don't like those services are not
gonna work well so if you want to do
this experiment please use a hundred
percent juice these juice drinks just
most of the time won't work some may may
not again it depends on the ratio of
juice and this an hour but just to be
safe
stick to 100% juice so now I want to go
over how can we make this better that's
that's question is well how can you more
alcohol can taste better we'll do a
couple simple things the easiest thing
really is the yeast instead of like sit
bread yeast works but it's not designed
for this so if you know a homebrewer
water you can use a beer yeast you're
not going to get much higher ABV cuz
most most beers are under 10% and the
yeast to produce more kind of design for
that but you might get some of the
cleaner fermentation you might get less
of that kind of off taste of the brig
East produces naturally we're producing
basically a poor man's wine use a wine
east or a champagne east and those make
a lot of sense a because again they're
kind of created for this purpose and B
they can hit higher alcohols you know if
you look at a bottle of wine you get in
the low teens a lot of times when
alcohol by vine and so they're designed
to have a little higher hit a little
higher alcohol and last but not least
you can try something I found a batch of
this that I had from an old experiment
however it's something called turbo East
this is something your spirits producer
people that make bourbon scotch and rum
knowledge stuff you use this yeast is
designed to get as high as possible
alcohol by volume in their permanent
product because that helps me get a
higher yield out of the still not
necessarily this one necessarily make
the best wine but it would hit higher
ABV so if you somehow you want to go
online and again you had access to this
this is something you could try and you
could hit some really high ad these
almost close to 20% alcohol by volume
using something like this another thing
I got asking something you could do if
you wanted to tweak the a B a little bit
is we can increase the sugar actually
great juices you get it stored has a lot
less sugar than wine grapes and the
juice that's produced at a vineyard is a
lot higher in sugar
this and the video we have a little bit
of just regular cane sugar
we added a cup if you want to add just a
little bit more you don't go over the
top because the yeast can't handle too
much sugar kind of like we eat too much
it's not good for us same thing with the
yeast you can also if you want to add
like use like a cup of regular sugar
they maybe throw in some honey or an
agave nectar or a liquid fructose on top
of that you can do that too and you know
just you know if you have the right
yeast if you're using the wine of
champagne nice or this turbo juice feel
free to add them a little bit more sugar
and you can push your ABV a little bit
more last but not least my suggestions
on how to prove this is we're gonna let
firm it longer in our experiment we did
seven days and again we got an alcoholic
beverage won the best tasting but it did
if we let this Fuhrman out a little bit
longer we let the yeast little little
bit more hopefully finish eating all the
sugar they can we can also do what's
called a secondary fermentation this has
done a lot of home brewing where we
would let this go for seven days and
those seven days that's where the bulk
of the timbi and you get a lot of
bubbling armor and around seven phases
start to simmer down but what we do is
after that happens we would decant it
off that old did yeast because we don't
want that sitting around cuz it'll
affect the taste and then we'll put it
in a new fermenter one of these
fermenter one gallons fermenters and
we'll let it go for a couple more weeks
and we'll let those still active yeast
cells will still come over in that new
batch and we'll let them finish out
completely maybe produce a little bit
more alcohol and more importantly kind
of limit mellow out and complete the
fermentation a lot of times of beers
they'll do a primary fermentation for a
week but then in the secondary they may
let go to three weeks month plus and
they the that they they seen where then
proves the flavor so that's something
you might do on this in fact we are
going to do this we're gonna do a little
experiment now what we're gonna do is
I'm going to be one batch regular like
we did but this summer we're doing
alcohol reading so we could figure
finally get an official answer on that
first video and then we're going to a
second batch where I use from these one
gallons for members and I'm going to use
a wine yeast and landlord sugar we're
gonna do a secondary fermentation we're
gonna let this Foreman out and so we're
gonna test the alcohol on both and then
we're gonna do a taste test and see how
that works out so let's get started or
experiment okay gang so our little
experiment is we're going to do two
different batches the one on the right
is kind of like the original one I did
we just poured out a little of the juice
in a 2-2 core or 1/2 gallon juice
container I threw in a cup of sugar and
I used the bread yeast this time I only
use even less than a quarter of a pack
of the bread yeast also this time I did
a what's called a gravity reading that
will help us determine how much alcohol
is in there that gravity reading came in
at one point
Oh 95 and on the left here we have we're
doing a gallon batch this time though
I'm using wine east we're going to let
it ferment a little longer remember the
original one we did about seven days and
that's what we're going to do with the
one on the right one on the left that
we're going to do a primary fermentation
for seven days then we're gonna siphon
it off leave the old yeast in the bottom
and let it do a secondary formation in
another container for another two weeks
we also added additional sugar on the
right we put one cup for half gallon
here on the Left we had a gallon here
but I put it into putting three cups in
so cup and a half per half gallon so we
got extra sugar we're using Y nice we
let it ferment longer so we're going to
let these go and then I'm gonna come
back when they're both finished
fermenting and then
do or another gravity reading cement how
much alcohol we got and also taste the
difference or see what kind of if we can
make it taste any better about the same
so I will see you guys in about three
weeks
all righty we're gonna wrap up our
simplest way to make booze revisited
video where we kind of go back over this
experiment before we get going I want to
go over at a term I used earlier in the
video it's decanting and the in earlier
in the video that I said that you would
decant to get the wine off the yeast and
that is true but you also if you can't
like a real high-end bottle of old wine
of a nice day castle Arbor you also do
that to open up the wine you expose it
to air let it open up let rest a little
bit for you drink it so that's another
reason why you had to camp wine
as far as our experiment goes we did too
bad just one like we did in the first
video and another one where we used a
little more sugar well we used whiny
system bread yeast and we let ferment
longer
we loud this one to firm it for one week
allow this ferment for three weeks also
I did a gravity reading to see how much
alcohol we got this time um
this batch started off at 1.09 five and
had a final gravity of 1.00 five that
get us to around Lim percent alcohol by
volume which is higher than what I said
the start of the video and I got to
thinking why that is in the earlier in
the video I said that I didn't do a
gravity ring the first time we tried
this experiment and that I just was
basing it off other times I've used
bread yeast well I got thinking I'd use
bread yeast and like making --side or
some other stuff well in those videos I
didn't add additional sugar so that's
probably why we got a little bit higher
a BP I want to say just as a general
guess anytime anybody does this spirit
with the sugar you're probably going to
be around 10% plus just in that 10 range
as far as
second batch where you use the wine east
and that add additional sugar an
additional time our original gravity was
1.15 and her final gravity came out with
one 1.03 and that gave us an ABB a
fifteen point seven five percent so we
can see the extra sugar the yeast and
the extra time works we get a higher
gravity and it's something that it's
very close to wine you'd find a store
which runs 13 to 16 percent for most of
your your wines out there so you can see
that early for it now the other part
experiments we want to see if we could
taste a difference so I've got a example
of both the let's give her a try well
I'm gonna say that's not too well the
first taste I got a little sweetness
started off nice
it's the aftertaste so did you you
definitely taste that bread yeast and it
kind of lingers that being said I could
see where especially is for prison wine
that would do in a pinch
[Music]
let's give this another try but I was
doing a proper wine taste they have a
little bucket maybe some water but we'll
skip that
oh wow no this is different a lot of you
still get a lot of that sweetness a lot
of fruit on there but there's no
aftertaste very drinkable the viscosity
drag yeah yes this makes a difference so
I'm going to say if you want to do this
experiment or if you want some equality
and you have access get a wine east get
lets us ferment out a little bit longer
actually try that again
say not too bad if I say so myself as
far as ramping this experiment up or
what else you can do maybe throw some
fruit in there for it but basically I'm
gonna say it's yeast it's really the big
difference because then because in the
bass experiment it's the yeast after
tasted so kind of tough if you got any
more questions if there's something I
haven't covered as far as this
experiment or if you've got another idea
please feel free to leave in the
comments section or you can always
contact me on the Twitter page and I
hope you like this video so please
subscribe down below well until next
time
bottoms up