this is a Kenmore 80 series washer as
you can see the cycle selection dial has
stopped right as it reaches this little
mark that mark is where the spin cycle
is supposed to start but it won't work
because the lid safety switch is broken
normally this little arm pushes the lid
switch down as the lid closes when the
switch is broken nothing happens and the
washer gets stuck in mid cycle this is
an attempt to give you a view of the lid
switch from below but really all you can
see in this view is that it's really
dirty and kind of hanging funny this is
a brand new lid safety switch we
purchased through Amazon for just under
$20 that twenty bucks gets you the new
switch and wiring harness with a little
stiff tube to hold the wires up safely
away from the spinning basket it really
is just a little simple push switch and
if it breaks your whole washer will be
out of commission to replace the switch
start by locating the two small screws
behind the top corners of the control
panel ours were quarter-inch nut head
screws since we were too lazy to move
the whole washer with all the water in
it and since it was too close to the
wall to get a real nut driver in there
we just used a pair of pliers to remove
these screws make sure the washer is
unplugged from the wall and then pry the
corner caps off starting at the top and
rotating them forward it may take a
little bit of monkeying around and some
of them are a little bit stiffer than
others next locate the two Phillips head
screws at the bottom corners of the
control panel and remove them
you should now be able to rotate the
control panel up and back out of the way
exposing the wiring connector for the
lid switch now unscrew the two Phillips
head screws that hold the actual
connector switch in place
push the basket back for easier access
and slide the old switch out you can see
this old switch was literally falling
apart taking a close look at the wiring
harness plug you can see that there's a
little tab that you need to pull out on
and then you can pull the plug off then
squeeze in the tabs on the sides and
push the other part of the plug down
into the washer now with the wiring plug
and the switch removed reach up inside
and feel along the wire between them for
some little clips that hold that little
stiff tube up tight against the top of
the washer slide that tube up and out of
those clips the only thing left is the
ground wire that is screwed directly
into the washer body this is where it
just takes a lot of patience to slowly
work that screw out pay extra attention
to avoid dropping it into the washer
body after it comes out again this is a
nut head screw but since there is
virtually no clearance in there we
removed it a quarter turn at a time with
pliers this part can be very difficult
because you can't see what you're doing
and you just have to feel it with your
hands so make sure you've done some yoga
or some Zen or something like that
before you get started so that your
minds in the right place
set the old switch and harness aside
grab the new one and install the ground
screw and wire in exactly the reverse of
how it was removed
get the screw started by hand
then tighten it with the pliers
you
now slide the switch and the wiring plug
up inside the washer then push the plug
up through the hole until the clips
engage and plug the harness back
together
now position the lid switch in place
lining up the holes then start the
screws by hand
you
then tighten them up snug feel up inside
the machine to find the clips for the
little stiff tube and work it back
inside those clips this is what it looks
like from below you can see the little
clips and the ground wire screw
hook the control panel on the rear sheet
metal backing and then swing it back
down into place then replace the screws
in the bottom corners
snap the corners back on
replace the two top corner screws and
tighten them up
plug the machine back in and everything
should work I'm testing it here with a
screwdriver you can see it at the top
right just so you can see how it works
but you don't need to do this at home
just close the lid and everything should
be back in order thanks for watching and
I hope we got your washer back up and
running if this was helpful please click
the like button or leave us a comment
below