hey Tom Wiley here and today I've got a
tip about roof sheathing specifically
attaching OSB to a roof so let's get to
it what we have here is my shipping
container shop you can see the first or
the the front half is still waiting for
the trust is over there to be brought up
and put in place it's been raining a lot
so it's this OSB has gotten very very
wet and I wanted to show you what
happens when you do not space the sheets
as they recommend I'll show you up here
there's a sheet of flooring that we put
on upside down so we just left it but on
that the text there it tells you how far
to space the sheets apart I can't quite
well looks like right there it actually
says spacing so there it says sized for
spacing an eighth inch on the ends and
an eighth inch on the sides see it right
there so that's what that is supposed to
be I'm sure that the OSB up here has a
recommendation on that as well but I
don't know what it is we thought that we
would be able to get this stuff covered
before it got wet well we were wrong we
also made another mistake
we had a big workday where a bunch of
people came and helped mainly some of my
family came and helped us get the thing
sheeted which i was so grateful for but
one thing that one of one person did and
he put the sheets up here and just
tacked to them he just like you know
there's so you can see here's a sheet of
four by eight sheet we basically went
like nail
nail nail so he didn't tech you didn't
nail the whole run he just nailed
occasionally well look what happened can
you tell the sheets that he tacked in
that way look at that sheet over there
we'll take a closer look at it but
there's there's another one right here
see how it's lifted the area that was
not nailed down bubbled up so it swelled
up because it got wet and you can see
it's bubbled on the end here it swelled
up and then they just pulled away from
the truss and this one especially I
think we were we're gonna have to like
rip that sheet off and replace it
because I don't think this is really
gonna nail down it's it's pretty firmly
you know eight feet worth of length is
suspended and it's there's no word for
the excess material now to go so a
lesson learned in fully nailing sheets
down but also spacing them had we spaced
it properly an eighth inch around the
end probably is what they want
it would have swelled up and filled in
those little gaps it would have ended up
tight but we wouldn't have this ugly
waviness going on that we now need to
fix so lesson learned here's the
opposite so here's a right here it's
hard to see on the camera probably but
right where my foot is is a bubble right
there is a little sink hole there's and
this is a unique area because there's a
four foot span here where we doubled up
the trusses so and then we have every
two feet coming down this direction we
have a 2x4 running this way like a joist
or another you know kind of feeling
you know what you call those purlins I
guess maybe that's what we have Joy's
finger in there so let's support it but
anyway so we have this waviness going on
metal roofing is going over this so it
won't necessarily be evident or a huge
deal we're obviously gonna have to fix
the worst sheets and I'm gonna finish
nailing everything down now I had been
planning on coming back up here before
putting the tar paper and roofing down
and finishing nailing everything down
because I had seen it was actually my
brother I had seen that my brother was
just tacking
the sheets up here but I figured hey
we're in a hurry it's okay he doesn't
feel like nailing the whole thing okay I
won't push it I'll just come back up
here and finish nailing everything
before we put the tar paper down but
unfortunately that would have worked
that could have worked had it not gotten
wet but it got wet so lesson learned
fully nail down your sheets for one and
number two space your sheets as it says
on the sheet it'll say the spacing oh
let's scroll down and I'll just look at
the underside of these sheets and we'll
see what it says okay so I'm underneath
the trusses or the roof now sorry about
the idling tractor here's an example of
the labeling on the underside of these
sheet
on it and see what it says
here it says Curtis it says
there it says size for spacing and then
here it says recommended pail spacing
1/8 inch ends 1/8 inch at the edges so
it's the same thing as this flooring
apparently the flooring if it wanted the
same where was it over here we wanted
the same eighth inch on the ends and the
edges thankfully this stuff hung in
there we didn't hey this is tongue and
groove 3/4 so it fared better we also
nailed it down very very well plus plus
we used subfloor adhesive so that is
really down well and thankfully it's
hanging in there it's doing okay with
all this exposure and water we'll
hopefully have this dried in by the end
of next week we had a lot of unforeseen
stuff come up that made it so that we
couldn't complete this project as
planned so I hope you can learn
something from this when you're doing
your next sheathing job that's it for
now I'll see you on the next video if
you liked this content if it was
valuable to you please give me a thumbs
up share it with somebody who would also
appreciate it and also subscribe if you
want to see more all right I'll catch
you later
[Music]