this trap is nearly empty all the gross
little monsters are stuck near the
openings but there's nothing in the rest
of it there has to be a smarter way
meanwhile in a laboratory deep in the
heart of the American Northwest our
brilliant young scientists battled to
unlock secrets of a rut net behavior
they harness the power of glue dot
technology and scientific design to
create a better spider trap you did it
the new spider trap really works it's
not that there was too little glue it's
that there was too much glue and too
little surface the spiders couldn't make
it to the middle of the trap they just
kept getting stuck in the openings grab
me the spider trap
by redesigning it with more openings and
arranging the glue in a dot pattern the
rescue spider trap provides spiders more
ways to get in a chance to move further
to the center and with glue dots on both
sides a simple flip puts you back into
the spider catching business once the
first side is billed plus it's made of
sturdy plastic instead of flimsy
cardboard so it can't be crushed it's
attractive yet inconspicuous she's safe
now the rescue spider trap really works
take that you troublesome arachnids I'm
impressed you're like some kind of
spider dropping superhero movie I'm just
a mild-mannered scientist of course