okay so welcome to the spice cabinet in
my kitchen it's right here right next to
the oven kind of for easy access and I'm
going to walk you through how we
organized this section of the cabinets
so the first thing that I'm going to
actually show you guys is over here and
this is seriously probably in the top
three of the best most convenient things
that we've done in our kitchen and yes
you guessed it came from Pinterest I
will put a link in the description of
the blog where this came from so you
guys can actually follow the exact same
steps if you want to create one of these
it costs less than two dollars so um
this is actually I don't know if you
guys can tell zoom in this is a paint
stick you know the ones that you get for
free at like Home Depot and stuff you
just go pick them up like right by the
paint section that's all that is and
then it was just cut down to size to fit
into the cabinet and then it was drilled
into the cabinet and I went through with
my label maker and I labeled one
tablespoon teaspoon 1/2 teaspoon and
quarter teaspoon so I can keep all of my
like measuring supplies here because you
know all these always end up like
jumbled up in a drawer and you can never
find them when you need them that was
totally me and I'm a pretty organized
person I don't know if you guys are like
me but if you have like more than one
set to these I'm not even kidding you
guys I have four sets of these it's
really bad but when like one of these
ends up in the dishwasher then you have
two more that you can easily grab and
access in my opinion these little rings
that those are kept on are the double
whoever goes and puts their little
spoons on the ring after they clean it
because then if you like cleaned or you
use the quarter teaspoon and you go to
put it back on you have to like take
four of them off to even get that one on
or whatever it is these things stink I
hate them so this is like the best and
easiest way to have easy access to those
and then into our spice cabinet I just
have one of those on lose some of these
so y'all can see one of these just like
wooden little stair steppers um that we
purchase I believe from Walmart it was
pretty cheap like a bamboo one
to kind of have the spices on an angle
as they go up and that's pretty common
most people see that but a couple little
tricks that I've learned along the way
um the first one is to kind of stagger
your spices into a zigzag on the rack
you can still see all of the spices that
you have and read them but it allows you
to fit I think it's like at least one
extra spice on each of the steps so I
did that with all of them I put them in
a zigzag pattern because it's just I
don't know it's easier to find things
and Saur Saur more of things so that's
kind of another tip and then we've also
utilized this um space on the side for
toothpicks extra toothpicks pepper a
couple extra spices vanilla some Tabasco
sauce and there's still some extra room
in the background so if we purchase
another spice like a meal I have to cook
or something I can still fit it in there
and sometimes what I'll even do is on
this very back row like I will stack
spices on top of one another so they'll
actually be like another slice on top
and have the bottom part like more well
less frequently used spices so that is
how we organize our spice rack as well
as some of our measuring spoons and I
hope this tip or these tips were helpful
to you guys ok
see you next time bye