[Music]
so I'm here with sada and we are at the
Japanese gardens and I'll tell you what
we're gonna be talking about pathways
because they really play a very
important role in a garden and you are
the garden curator here so I can think
of no one else better to talk about it
so let's talk about some of the design
elements and the ideas and and why you
guys do them the way you do them here in
the garden okay
actually the we're in our tea garden
right now the tea garden is everything
to do with the path so the garden itself
is read a passage to the tea house
beyond haha so but throughout the tea
garden there is a different sort of
formality as you start from back then at
the gate and then it's more formal and
you move a little faster therefore you
need a little smoother surface sure and
wider as you get closer to the tea house
you know do you want to throw down yes
other actually the path
sides and the shapes and you know
response so pathways certainly are
directional meaning you want to lead
people where to go but it's also a way
of controlling that flow of how it goes
as well isn't it that's correct
so again and when it's not oh I need a
guru such as this then you have to pay
attention Yeah right
ultimately the stepping stone this
series of individual stones you have to
really pay them thats the one that
really slows you down right exact
contour in the view what we like to see
show the visitors when you have a large
stone unstable you tend to stand and
just look around yeah it is that's where
that's some object would actually well
you know you there's a place that we're
gonna go here in a minute that's going
to show us some designs and how they're
putting them together so let's walk over
there oh okay sounds good
now Saito we are in what I'm gonna call
your resource center because there's a
lot of different products here of
different types of stone before we get
into the different types though I I see
a little example here I'm assuming that
you have to use concrete because of the
amount of people that go through here
right this is the public garden so
anything to do with
heavy traffic sorts of pedestrians yeah
walk over so that means you have to
strength you have to reinforce that
certainly basically the bottom so this
is we're using the you know small steel
bars and you can use the mesh worker
where they serve certainly yeah and a
little bit of you know moto gives you a
base you know strong and then you said
with a little bit motor as well now I
see a whole lot of different stones here
is there a process that you guys go
through to pick it is there is there
specific things that you look at when
you're looking for the stone it's again
depends on your application when you're
talking about like a nice this slate
this is amount Adams yeah and this is a
mica slate and then it they're thin so
they cannot be sustained you know the
bass guitar wait yeah stepping on so
that's obviously it needs some some
support beneath but when you get into
the cobblestones and little thicker
pieces and this is pretty heavy
yeah and this can actually set in sand
or dirt without water
and speaking of there we are let's walk
over here and look at the way you
actually put the stones together because
there is a specific process and doing
that isn't there so tell me how do you
figure out how to do that well the the
stone pavement is everything to do with
how to run the joint
yeah right whether it's narrow and
shallow or deep and goal but the most
importantly the patterns that joined
creates so that's what you enjoy so in
order to get the right you know sort of
joint patterns you have to be selective
about the materials and here you can see
squares and the triangles that you get a
lot the stone yard so these are the
actually the example that you don't want
oh really so again if if you're going
for that really natural look you don't
raise okay so obviously in in the nature
it's really saying the squares and Rick
you know triangle shape yeah so usually
a wonder for instance a columnar basalt
or ground you know cracks it's a
pentagon so a Hickson yeah I like that
you would when we were talking earlier
you'd said if it late dries out and
that's the thing cracks right you won't
see squares and trying to go see right
there so that's what we're
going after okay the joint and of course
the the proportion of the large
medium-sized and small sites that's
important about the most importantly how
you can we run the joint in in sort of
natural and no your probably if you're
doing it right you're not going to have
you know a ninety degree angle in there
right right
what's happened is once you get the
ninety degree you cannot get it just
before it created a prison of your own
making happy you just can't doing that
well and you also have classes that that
you give on how to do this right yes
actually we do have a couple crosses or
something Oh in on-site here at the
proton Japanese garden or so now from
this year which that have a workshop
outside state Wow so you know if this
interest you and if you think I want to
put in a path but I want to do it the
best I can and get it right you go to
garden time TV we can click you over to
their website and you can find out when
those classes happen and join in and put
a beautiful path in your garden say to
thank you so much thank you okay thank
you
[Music]
you