[Music]
hi I'm Lauren from six sisters stuff and
today I am making our Mexican Street
corn salad I love this recipe because
you can serve it as a side dish with
your favorite dinner or serve it up on
gameday for the perfect appetizer I'm
just gonna start by chopping up one red
onion so you can chop these up as small
as you want or keep them as big as you
want I am NOT a huge fan of onions so
I'm gonna be chopping them pretty small
okay so I'm just gonna chop up half of
the onion and throw that in there and
this will break up a little bit more
when we stir and then I just have half
of a bunch of cilantro then I'm gonna
chop up all right so I'm gonna throw in
all that cilantro and you can add as
much or as little as you like I know not
everyone is big of a fan of cilantro as
we might be and then I'm just gonna take
one jalapeno I'm actually gonna cut the
seeds out of the middle if you like it
spicy feel free to leave the seeds in
there but because we will be serving
this for the whole family I'm gonna cut
out the seeds there in the middle just
get rid of that okay now for the rest of
the ingredients in the salad we're gonna
add some feta cheese next I'm gonna add
three tablespoons of mayonnaise we like
to use light mayonnaise but you can use
regular and we one clove of garlic
chopped up and a half a teaspoon of
chili powder just for that extra little
kick so it makes all of these together
and then we're gonna head over and work
on our corn I have a 16 ounce bag of
frozen corn that I'm gonna heat over the
skillet and about 2 tablespoons of olive
oil you can use fresh corn if you want
but the frozen corn is still delicious
if he's just as good as fresh corn and
it's an awesome shortcut okay now I'm
just gonna pour in our tart corn
[Music]
okay and to top off our salad we're just
gonna squeeze two limes for some fresh
lime juice I'm just gonna roll these out
to make sure we get as much juice out of
these as we okay we're just gonna stir
in that lime juice and then we are ready
to serve like I said this is perfect for
a side dish or if you want to serve it
up with chips through the game that
works great too you can find this recipe
and so many more on our website sick
sister stuff com