listen hey what's up guys I'm Tasha and
for quite a few months now a few of you
guys have been asking to see an update
on the little man in my life and if you
don't know who that is it's this guy
right here this is my little man and
this little guy is rer FL and he is so
cute I love him so much and so he told
me that he thought that he can share his
favorite homemade dog treats with you
guys so he can be featured in a DIY
video so that's what we're going to do
today huh we're going to show them your
favorite homemade dog treats aren't we
so let's hop right into the video all
right so you're going to need a few
wholesome ingredients and I will list
them down in the description box for
your
convenience first you're going to mix
together one cup of pumpkin a/4 of a cup
of peanut butter and two eggs
once the wet ingredients are mixed
together you can slowly add in three
cups of wheat flour and a/2 cup of
old-fashioned oats and if your dog is
allergic to wheat flour you can always
substitute for rice
[Music]
flour at this point your dough should be
dry and not sticky and now we can add in
our veggies so you're going to add in
one shredded zucchini one peeled and
shredded carrot and one cup of chopped
baby spinach now I would suggest
chopping Your Spinach a lot finer than I
did but I was a little bit lazy and the
veggies are going to make your dough
kind of watery again so if you need to
add in a little bit more flour until
it's not
[Music]
sticky now you just need to roll out
your dough until it's about 1/4 of an
inch
thick beer is a small dog so I chose the
small size cookie cutter for him and I'm
just cutting out my cookies and you need
to preheat your your oven to
350Â° F and you're going to bake these on
a cookie sheet for about 13 minutes and
make sure you let them cool completely
before you give them to your dog this
makes about 64 of these Smalls size
cookies so keep that in mind and this
will last about 1 week in your
refrigerator or you can also freeze it
for later
[Music]
on
[Music]
so that is it they are super easy and as
you can see they are puppy approved he
loves them so if you guys want to see
more of root beer just leave a comment
down below and give me ideas maybe his
hair routine because I do groom him at
home or something like that I don't know
so I will see you guys in my next video
he probably wants to take a nap now so
I'm going to go love you guys so much
and he loves you too say goodbye and I
will see you guys later bye guys
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Len