John quilter aka the food busker g'day
g'day mate this is apple crumble and
traditionally you would have made this
before it's got loads of butter brown
sugar more butter and then finish with
cream so I took that recipe and worked
out how we can make it not good for you
but not super bad yeah you must start
with the apples here because this will
take about 20 minutes to cook we'll
start with 6 Pink Ladies and what am i
doing - you're peeling them coring them
and quartering them so we've got a
lovely pot here I'm gonna put a little
bit of vanilla essence into there yeah
tablespoon or two I'm gonna pop some
salt Anna's into there as well a couple
of handfuls will do it okay so you pop
the vanilla Australian to this but
open-armed give it there give it the
chef's finish I love it the chef's enos
the chef's finish it's a it's a
technical term
put it in there put it in there we'll
put a good pinch of nutmeg into there
and a good pinch of ground cinnamon also
you're gonna pop some water in here we
want just enough to kind of cover all
the fruit and everything it's
interesting isn't it because when you
get to a certain age
apparently I wouldn't know but but um
you know it's like you can't be guilt
free sugar chocolate butter because you
like but I think what's exciting today
he's finding those um those sweetness
alternatives and rediscovering letting
the apples come back into the dish which
I think he's probably the most
challenging thing around food is a
resetting of the palate is if you just
know it's artificial the way you like
that every setting of the palate it's
but it's right we'll cook these for
about 20 minutes and then we can get on
with the crumble one thing I'll be
honest I forgot to put orange this obey
but we're gonna put it in now so just
the zest of one orange straight into
there let's talk about making crumble
with no butter okay let's talk about
that we're gonna start with these guys
have used quinoa flakes before never
these are a little bit different to
quinoa we don't need to cook these
first we're just going to make them raw
as they are straight to a crumpled mix
really so can you pop those into there
chef we're gonna put some whole walnuts
they can go in this is where I pass you
things you pop them in and then we've
got some maple syrup that can all go in
all of that yeah let's put it all in
okay then we want to use some of this
beautiful coconut oil okay so we'll get
two tablespoons of this and this is
gonna kind of bind all of this together
as well okay leave goes on we pulse
doing a great job man okay let's have a
look at it let's have a look at it I
like the consistency to be exactly as
you've done it there okay so we've got
whole bits you don't want to take this
and sort of turn it into like someone's
dandruff you know once the eye wants to
out yeah a paste is not good we want
this to have a really rustic for lack of
a better word consistency
okay so let's pop these apples directly
into this tray my god how is it
that's heaven that's good as that and
the comments are sensational yeah
they're awesome clever is that okay
apples going in Oh mate this is looking
gorgeous see it's exciting in it it's
like you know it's like gonna be less
sugar but it still looks yummy as hell
so we've got the oven going now on 180
degrees this will go directly into the
oven the apples are already cooked we're
gonna need to cook this too much so I
just want to put this in the oven until
it kind of Browns off on top we'll see
you guys back when this is brown you
gotta taste this stuff as well can you
smell the orange original is coming
through Oh beautiful and it's got that
crunchy gnarliness you know to me how do
you know it's got crunchy knowledge even
they just say though look at that so
this to me is like real proof that
desserts don't have to be really bad for
me it doesn't have refined sugars in
there it doesn't have butter it's got
some kin wire in there and just were
utilizing the beautiful sweetness from
the apple in there amazing have a go
have a go okay it's just you it's it it
doesn't disappoint on the sweetness or
the crunch sorry oh we still filming
this to be really nice all right
I hope you guys enjoyed me getting dirty
and then clean again
to see John get dirty and clean head
over to his channel right now and people
make sure you subscribe to Toby's
channel see what's what's good buy an
Australian see ya see ya see ya bye