okay hi everyone I thought I would just
do a video on I mentioned in my last
video that I had this new Phillips D
buzzer lint remover type thing so I
thought I'd just show you these are the
ones that I did have this was just like
a cheap one from eBay I think and
this power thing just it never did like
it just charged once and then it
wouldn't charge again and then the
battery things in here broke so that was
just like a cheap rubbish one from eBay
this is some jml one and again it just
wouldn't work properly at all I didn't
have another like home bargains one or
like home bargains or
Poundland something like that and that
just didn't work for me I though that
broke instantly on the first day so I
asked people on Instagram what they were
using and this one was the one that most
people said get this one so I thought I
would just show you how much better it
is so I've got this really like Bob Lee
blanket here
[Music]
so you can see I'm just trying to show
you that hopefully we'll focus this is
the side that I've just done
it's really absolutely love it and then
this is the best and I haven't touched
so yeah I'm really happy with it really
glad I bought that so I popped the link
to that down below
yeah thanks for watching guys I know
it's just a short little video but I
thought it might be helpful and speech
you consume