[Music]
hello everybody I hope you're having a
nice day I'm here today to show you some
extra bonus tips so we're doing a series
of how-to videos um telling you guys the
things that you've asked me what you
would like to hear so um the first thing
I'm going to do is show you how to line
the Tulip skirt and then each week we'll
be releasing another video showing you
how to do something else so today it's
how to line the Tulip skirt so I've got
my tulip skirt
ready and uh to show you the stage that
it's got to I've got the skirt sewn up
like that so I've put in all my pleats
and my darts and I've also sewn the
pockets in so put your pockets in and
then what I've done is I've sewn another
skirt so it's essentially the same skirt
pattern but sewn up again in a lining
fabric now I've used a rayon so you
don't have to use an acetate lining if
you don't want to um just be careful of
fabrics that might stick to tights if
you're going to be wearing it with
tights so this has been sewn exactly the
same point the only thing that hasn't
happened on this is there's no pockets
so the side seams have been just sewn
straight normal side seams and then I've
also got my waistband and facing
attached to my waistband um so that's
ready to go on so the first thing that
we're going to do is we're going to
attach the uh lining to the top of the
skirt
so we're going to line it up wrong sides
together so the wrong side of your
lining is going onto the wrong side of
your skirt and then you've got all these
lovely Dart points to line up with which
act like notches so you can just line up
your dots and your pleat all the way
around and just go around like that
okay so I've just put that last pin in
so now it's completely pinned
guys and um what we're going to do is
we're going to stitch it all the way
along um with a centimet seam allowance
so sitting inside of the seam allowance
when we put the waistband on so our seam
allowance for the top is a centimeter
and a half so as long as what we're
doing now is going to be less than that
then it won't show and you can just use
a machine tack or machine basting stitch
for this the other thing to be aware of
is you need to make sure you don't sew
all the way to the edge because we're
going to need to access the lining to
tuck it under and neaten it after the
zip so what we're going to do is we're
going to sew it up to about an inch away
from either
end okay so that's now stitched and
hopefully you can see um the Stitch line
all the way along so it's basically
attached and it's free at the edges so I
haven't gone all the way across like I
said so what I'm going to do now is I'm
actually going to tuck the lining under
and fold it back on itself like
that okay leaving the cmet and a half
seam ounce just a little bit more than a
centimeter and a half Seam oun for when
I put the zip in just pop a pin in like
that and do the same at the other side
so now we have to put our waistband on
before we can put the zip in in so I'm
going to do
that so placing the
waistband right sides together with the
outside of the skirt and you're going to
follow all the same steps as you would
in the instructions to do this so we're
just going to pretend that the waist
back that the skirt is just one piece of
fabric so do everything like you would
in the instructions um but obviously
this time you will be catching the
lining in as you go okay so I've put my
zip in my waistbands on I'm now going to
close the waistband and this is again
just like the stages in the instructions
but you'll just see when we close it
we're going to then hide the seam
allowance of the lining as well as the
seam allowance of the skirt so just tuck
that in like that and because we've got
our little folded bit there we're going
to be able to just pull that out and
then this will come over
it so tuck that in like that
pop a pin in just to keep that in its
place and then this is going to be
folded over like
that so here is the lining that's a
little bit awkward but you've got to
pull that out just so it comes around
and then cover it with the facing there
and that will be ready to pin um all the
way down there but let's continue with
the waistband so folding that over and
then you can do your slip stitch or if
any of you are going to do your um sink
Stitch top Stitch from the outside you
can do
that right so I've done all my slip
stitching and I've closed off the
waistband and now what we're going to do
is finish the center back so we need to
place um get these nicely aligned and we
need to Mark where the bottom of the zip
comes to so I'm just going to place them
together so that can Mark into both at
the same
time I want to peek through and where
the bottom of the zip comes to which is
about there just check that's right yeah
I'm just going to notch just above
there through both the layers creating a
little snip okay so I know that's what
I've got to sew up and now I'm going to
machine sew that um and leave this part
open which will then hand so closed to
the zip so placing it right sides
together and this is how you would
finish any lining um on any
skirt with a center back
zip so I'm lining my notches
up and lining up the
bottom hem
there and then just a couple of pins to
hold it together together and then I'm
going to sew that with a cm and a half
seam allowance so the same seam
allowance as the center back on the
skirt so I'm going to press that open
and what I'm also going to do when I'm
pressing it open is I'm going to
continue to press the seam allowance
above the seam so where the it's going
to attach the zip opening in the same
way so continuing that 1.5 CM seam
allowance folding that over
so what I'm do now is I'm going to pin
the lining to the back of the zip just
making sure I'm leaving a good distance
so a few millimeters away from the teeth
because you don't want that to
catch
okay I haven't yet stitched the back of
the facing down either so I'm going to
do that in one continuous seam
so now just got to slip stitch all the
way down there and back up there and
then that's your lining
complete okay guys so I've now slip
stitched that so that's lovely and neat
and um just to explain about the pockets
so the pockets are essentially sitting
inside between the lining and the fabric
um so my pocket's still working and if I
peel that back your lining is
essentially just um it's being
sandwiched the pocket sandwiched between
the L lining in the outer Fabric and
that's fine you don't need to worry
about having the pockets fitted into the
lining I think it's better this way
there's more movement um so all that's
left to do is to hem them and I would
recommend Heming them separately so I
always hem my lining and my outer uh
fabric separately just in case your
lining is going to distort and pull on
your um outer fabric which you don't
want the only exclusion to that would be
if you're doing a pencil skirt or
something that's very fittting anyway
and then it's unlikely that the lining
is going to move that much but because
there's quite a lot of volume in The
Chew lip skirt you don't want to do that
so just make sure you when you um hem
your lining you hem it um a bit shorter
than your outer fabric again so it
doesn't peek through so usually about 2
cm shorter um and of course you can
machine your lining and then you might
want to hand hem your outer if you're
using a nice fabric like this just so
you know guys this is our Roma sorry
it's our Rio crepe um which we go in
lots of colors and it's the perfect
fabric for this project um really nice
weight to it um and it's lovely and soft
and very washable and easy to wear and
also very easy to sew with as well and
this is a rayon we'll put links to both
of them in the comments um below so
check them out um but I hope you found
that useful um there will be lots more
how-to videos coming your way so make
sure you subscribe to us if you haven't
already and um do leave your feedback in
the comments below give us a thumbs up
if you liked it and I'll see you next
time bye