this is the Omega Paw en roll this is
the most revolutionary litter box in
history um it's pretty large it comes in
different sizes this size is the large
cuz I have two cats so I figure it's
good for both them um when I first
thought it the clips were like kind of
hard to use to like unlock it but it's
relatively easier now I think it's just
like breaking it in so as you can see it
has the compartment this is a little
shelf here initially you want all your
poopy to go in the little shelf and you
can see like how long the Shelf is see
so there's nothing in it right now so
I'll put that down there but I just
unlocked it so you can see initially how
it looks on the inside now there's poop
in here see so my cats have been using
it and you can see there's like a little
grid right there and that's like where
it filters but the little shelf stays
right here and all the poop and PE is
going to go in here and this is really
going to only work if you use clumping
litter okay so now I'm going to put the
lid back
on and uh you can
see just to lock it back is pretty much
the same thing it's like only a couple
latches here
that's you can kind of tell when it's
locked too that's two
three so four latches it's not coming
off
I always have trouble with that one but
it's fine okay
now the master mind genius to this is
literally you just have to roll it and
it's so cool too it comes with
directions on the top how to roll it so
initially you would never want to turn
your litter box upside down cuz you're
fretful that everything will fall out of
it but that didn't happen at all so I'll
demonstrate really slowly as clear I
need to clean the box right now so
one roll to
floor two roll back then tilt slightly
when you tilt it slightly that's going
to even back out the clean letter so
you're
rolling and I don't know if you can see
the poop and stuff moving inside of it
right now see no debris or nothing is
falling out of the box yet and then
you're literally going to keep rolling
it onto the
top that's all pooping and stuff so I
just like being on the bottom a little
bit to make sure you get
everything then fun part roll it
back I'm just doing this slowly cuz you
always want you never want to be like
better safe than
sorry and now we're now we're back at
the beginning sorry every time you do
that you might want to hold this side
just cuz now this side is super heavy
because all the poopy and stuff so if
you don't you see It'll be off balance
so you do that and then um you just tilt
it back a little bit just to even out
the clean L litter so then you go like
that and you can literally hear it like
filtering okay so now I'm going to pull
the Shelf
okay and that is all of the poop that's
a lot of poop that's really gross but
you see it caught all of it right that's
a lot of but yeah okay so that's
good um what else okay so now you can
just like throw this away or whatever
right when keep move no keep move I'm
going this is really gross I'm just
going to leave that right there for a
second Don't Go Near it
stop okay so now I'm clip it again so
you can see what it looks
like and you see it pretty much got all
of
it there's only a little pieces that are
left in there but that's prob probably
because I'm still getting like familiar
with really the technique on rolling it
but it's pretty cool it's super easy to
assemble and everything honestly there
were directions
but it's like pretty much some
explanatory so my
suggestion everyone loves cats majority
of people anyway
um worst part of owning a cat is just
cleaning the Box this makes it so much
easier to be able to that I have two
cats I used to have four cats I kind of
wish I had this box when I had all four
of them but that's neither here nor
there what is here see I always mess up
on this plant here what is
here
is the Omega Paw
roll
okay CLI that gives me a hard time I
don't really know what I'm not doing on
the side here you can tell when you lock
it right
though I'm telling it's a lot easier
than I'm making it look though but yeah
I'm going to go throw this out now and
that's pretty much it so it's perfect
for anybody who is a um cat owner I
definitely suggest you get it super
affordable it's like 30 bucks um
initially saw it online at Bed Bath and
Beyond they don't carry in the store so
I think you have to order it online but
and I heard they come in different
colors so I heard they have a green one
Green's my favorite color I make get
them a green one next buy the Omega Paw
you'll definitely definitely never
regret it and that's it pretty
much