what's going on
tribe its site I am back and a lot of
you have requested a siren build video
an in-depth siren build video and what
I'm bringing you today is a support
build that I love to use with the siren
I haven't used her too much I will admit
but I do enjoy using her as a support
class really being an integral part of
the team with this particular build and
the very first thing that I tested and
believe me I did a lot of testing with
his ability is flicker three very
important things I learned about
elemental effect chances while fiddling
with this ability flicker and this is
this is unanimous across the board for
all characters this has nothing to do
with just the siren
slag damage will increase the damage of
your elemental effect over time that's
very important always be using slag
whenever you can especially on the
harder mom's critical hit damage does
not affect your damage over time when
you score critical hit so your initial
damage yes will crit but your damage
over time will stay the same as though
you didn't create elemental effect
chances do stack on top of each other
now I don't know because I don't know
the programming specifically how many
stacks you can stack on top of each
other but I do know that you can get it
to a pretty high rate to the point where
you can't even see what numbers or what
when it's spewing out of the mob that
you're attacking as you can see
demonstrated in the very first part of
the video all right now with flicker now
that I've gotten through the basics of
what happens with elemental effect
chances I want to explain the
percentages and how they work it might
seem like a really good idea to max this
out but to be perfectly honest with you
the difference is very minimal depending
on what kind of weapons you use so I'm
going to give you an example I use a
submachine gun that has a 12% base
percentage to activate an element
affect chance now you might be thinking
well if you get the plus 36 from the one
point then why don't you go all the way
up to plus 60% so that you gain a real
crap ton of Elemental effect chance well
this is how it actually works
it's 36% more of 12 so instead of simply
adding 36 on top of 12 making it some
around 40 it's actually only adding 4.3
2% so that will make your base elemental
effect chance 16.3 2% now again the same
is said with a level 10 I believe rank
of this ability making the bonus up to
60% it'll be 60 percent of 12% in this
particular case for a 7.2 percent
increase and an overall base increase of
19.2% so around a 2 more points I
believe roughly speaking without the the
decimal so it's not a huge increase to
add all 5 points into the ability but it
would really benefit against a weapon
like a sniper rifle because 50% is
usually around the general area where a
sniper rifle will be for the base chance
he had 60% of that that's a 30% increase
in total and for your base to go all the
way up to 80% chance so that for that
particular situation is very good but
then there's also the drawback of a
submachine gun shoots a lot faster than
a sniper rifle so there's all those
checks and balances to kind of keep it
in place and keep it very balanced and
the only thing I do not know which would
completely change everything would be
how many stacks this can possibly go up
to without that information I do not
know if it would be more prudent to put
it into Flickr and put 4 points there
and put one point into for site or the
other way around until I have that
information I do not know but this is
the build that I would go for now I go
into foresight and foresight is the main
thing for this is again I'm just making
use of that legendary class mod and I'm
getting to the next tier of abilities
but magazine size and reload speed
reload speed is always I feel one of the
biggest key differences in DPS for any
class so being able to reload faster
being able to switch weapons faster
being able to have a bigger clip size so
you don't have to reload as often all
very key things for maximum DPS in any
class build alright so here we have the
comparison of the two one with the
ability and one without so on the left
hand side we have the without which your
clip size is 13 with this particular
weapon damage per clip is 6.1 million
you end up shooting seven clips over the
span of that one minute period equaling
43 million 225 damage per minute so
that's what the DPM stands for now on
the right hand side here you can see
that the clip size now with this ability
at four stacks has been increased to 17
the damage now per clip is 8 million you
end up with 6 clips over a 1 minute
period which ends up giving you 48
million 450,000 damage per minute so
overall that gives you an increase of 5
million
225,000 damage per minute so if you
think about it every minute that you're
holding that trigger down that's an
extra 5 million damage that you're doing
over that time so it's definitely a
pretty significant increase alright now
that we've finished off our last two
abilities for site and Flickr I'm going
to be showing you Helios Helios is the
ability that you would use to really
buff up your phase lock with 5 points
and it does a ridiculous amount of
damage at level 61 it's not a huge
difference but I mean when you look at
that 345 K for your regular phase lock
versus the amount of fire damage that
comes out of Helios it is a significant
boost now when you have that linked with
converge from the motion tree it does
stupid damage because not only does it
affect the single target that you hit it
affects all the targets around it and
with converge pulling everything in
towards it it's just a [ __ ] of
damage
as you can see here the fire just you
know 5k is not a heck of a lot for a
single target but when you got lots of
it going on it is crazy
now if you're going for a straight DPS
build you will be spamming the crap out
of this ability the second it's off
cooldown but since this is a support
build it's going to be basically used to
revive your friends whenever they get
into trouble and you can stay afar
relatively safe distance away so it's
good to not use it off cooldown
constantly but try and be versatile with
it and use it for offensive as well as
defensive cloud kill is a very
interesting little ability it does it's
basically one point for added elemental
damage and it procs very very often um
as you can see previously when I was
shooting nothing was really happening
aside from my base elemental attacks but
now with this one no matter what you're
using you will get an acid burn damage
for 2,075 damage every time now I
believe that damage is all scaled upon
your level so every time you level it
will go up depending on where you are in
the game but I mean look at how often
it'll go off I mean that's pretty
ridiculous to me I believe it's a
five-second cooldown so basically the
five seconds it takes to go off that is
a signal for you to say okay it'll go
off again once you shoot something else
so unfortunately you can't go around
tagging multiple enemies with it that
kind of sucks but that extra base damage
just for shits and giggles is definitely
worth picking up for one point all right
guys so the next town that I'm working
on is immolate and I only put four so
that again this is it's not like the
most important talent in the world but
it's definitely a good talent for if you
go down because it gives you a serious
damage boost for when you need to kill
something to revive and it allows you to
get to your next ability which is Reaper
but as you can see a change of slow whoa
whoa whoa easy steam easy easy don't
don't be like that as you can see
there's a little bit of a change of
atmosphere because I wanted to show you
disability in action and I could not do
that attacking a target of somebody
punch ass alright give me now give it
out yeah yeah that's it God you bad so
as you can see there's a quite a ton of
you know damage numbers coming up off
him probably be best for me you slag to
kill him there we go
cuz that you know until you tell I was
almost dead just from that alone but
there's some serious damage like as you
can see I'm not doing a heck of a lot of
damage with this gun like that once I go
into a fight for your life mode I do a
crap-ton of damage so it's definitely a
very useful ability to use for when you
really really need to get yourself a
revival and you don't have another siren
around who can revive you from across
the map so let's head on to the next
talent alright so our next talent is
Reaper and it's pretty straightforward
you deal increased gun damage to any
enemy who has more than 50% of their
health so I'll give you a good example
right now I'm doing four 75k damage with
this explosive pistol and of course are
a little lasting cloud gotta love our
asset Club I'm trippin man I'm trippin
so let's see putting five points
obviously so we can get into our next
tier which will be the blight Phoenix
but let's see what it does for increased
damage so that's a pretty significant
increase going from 475 to 570 Kay
damage so that's that's huge but it does
kind of suck that once the person gets
down to below 50% health you should be
doing a lot less damage so you'll be
going back to 475 so my suggestion in a
team atmosphere is you be the first one
who attack a target and once you see
it's hitting around 50% if there's
multiple targets move on to the next one
and let like the command or the gun zerk
or work on those so that way you're
doing the most to your possible
potential alright so I'm going to show
you the blight Phoenix as it can only be
used on stuff that you can kill so I
can't show you on the target dummy but
basically is a kill skill where whenever
you kill something you gain an aura
around you a fire and corrosive damage
and well let's just put it this way you
look like a frickin badass with fire
wings when you
as well so I mean who wants to turn down
an ability like that let's let's show
you what the word is here so it's 8
there we go so he's dead let's see what
damage it does does 3000 damage a we see
a month I'm not actually doing much I'm
gonna go straight to ruin the action
skill augmentation phase lock now slags
electrocutes and corrodes all nearby
enemies so this is much like the cloud
kill in a way but it's based off your
phase lock and like I said phase lock
being up so quickly you can do a fair
amount of damage with it
I might forgot to put the point into it
so right now you only see about this
much damage the the fire damage from
which ability wasn't here believe it was
Helios so you get the fire damage from
Helius but now you're also going to be
getting the all the other damages from
ruin which is you know slag electricity
fire acid so this guy's generally going
to be having a bad day and just like
that is your damage is still going for
the most part and your abilities still
up so you can just boom right again and
you see that's the other cool thing too
if you slagged before you use your phase
lock all of your damage gets increased
not just your dot damage even like the
initial as you can see 100 so it was it
was a million damage basically for your
phase lock damage alone so this
especially in duels if you want to easy
win duels just spam this ability until
you hit them that pretty simple pretty
simple so now that we're into the new
tree we are looking at mind's eye and it
increases your critical hit damage which
is always good to take advantage of now
while it's good to take advantage of I
also say don't put yourself out of place
just to get critical hits when you're in
a boss fight take advantage of them 1
there's an opportunity but try not to
get yourself into a position where
you're going to be taking unnecessary
damage or possibly dying just to get
critical hits always play smart rather
than being lucky it also increases your
melee damage by a set amount I can't
remember exactly where it is once I got
all my points into it but utilising a
little glitch I'm going to show you how
melee actually works before and after
disability and a difference in critical
hit damage before and after so let's do
the before which I as you can see I'm on
the inside of the training arena and
that's the glitch I was talking about
there is a way to get in here and if you
guys really want to see it I will make a
baby tutorial video I mean it's pretty
short but melee doing thirty four
thousand five hundred and eighty damage
and that's before the talents are in it
sorry I'm losing my voice here and now
my critical hit damage is stop dodging
my [ __ ] about a million damage right now
so nine hundred K about 100 K off from
doing a million damage and with that
talent point now being maxed out
buh-buh-buh-buh you will do 50% more
critically damage which will basically
raise you to about a million two hundred
and fifty thousand and then melee damage
increased by 60% which I'm not even sure
how much that will be because I haven't
actually tested that until I've made
this video so melee damage increases to
fifty-five thousand so about 20-ish
or so thousand more and so the critical
hit damage like I said it should be
about a million 250 million 236 I'm
going to move over here a little bit so
I got a little more range slag a mofo
and see what the damage is with slack
and I'm sucking it rolling through my
weapons here
so with slag 1.7 million on the body and
then 3.7 million on all right well as
you can see we've got a little change of
scenery and I'm moving on to the ability
wreck while you have the enemy phase
locked you gain an increased fire rate
and damage with all gun types so it
increases your damage and fire rate as
it says pretty plain and simple now the
problem is this is not a very effective
ability for bosses unless you happen a
phase lock say like ads or something on
the side and you pretty much ignore them
to keep that buff up for as long as
possible
again this is mainly a support thing and
really good on trash any mob that is
immune to phase lock being like actually
physically locked up will make it so
that your cooldown
really starts while it's up so that you
will never technically get this buff so
that's one of those things to just be
aware of while you're using this
particular build that I'm showing you
and a good example was I could not show
you using the target dummy so now I have
to show you kind of like a live action
what's going on and it's kind of
difficult in ultimate vault hunter mode
when I'm using half my talents so I'll
show you the fire rate and the damage
here so remember the damage you were
doing with a slagged enemy was about 1.7
million the critical I believe was 3.6
or 3.7 around there so keep those
numbers in mind when I slag something
and use the phase lock to gain the extra
damage buff and you'll you'll see the
speed difference simply while I'm
shooting and have something phase lock
so as you can see right now that's
that's the increase in damage and speed
and right now you can even see it slowed
right down as soon as that phase lock
ended so that was a good example for
that I'm just waiting for it to come
back up wait for someone to sneak around
the corner try and take these suckers on
one by one
rather than rushing in there you know
death streak like phase lock him and
I'll just attack this guy instead so I
can't see the damage I did 1 million
damage so it seems a little lower than
it was before
but I might have hit him right at the
end of him being slagged I'm not quite
sure oh oh that was sneaky that was
sneaky but even even with this really
crappy pistol you can see I'm doing a
Farrow I got a switch-up better damage
Oh last second kill to survive alright
let's try and get these suckers away
from each other
yes chase me down chase me down alright
stop so again let's show you some of the
damage I did 1.9 million and that was a
non crit so basically one point nine
million nine crits that's about a 200k
increase not huge but again I just
wanted to take that one particular
ability to level up to get the game
changer in the healing tree which is
what makes this my hybrid
because you can instantly revive a
friend using phase lock which really is
such a powerful ability when you're on
raid bosses all right guys just a quick
demonstration of the near limitless
range that you can get on the revival
skill as long as you're in line of sight
if you're not - Ida can't hit you what
should be a lion sight there yeah let me
know when you're ready I'm ready
pre recording I'm recording grades down
blows himself up oh my god I can't find
a button IIIi can't find a button [ __ ]
gotcha okay so what's the special up
this well though what that I can revive
you from super mad long distances away
oh yeah I revive me while it's still
exploding it's okay it's up again now
alright guys we are back in sanctuary as
you can see and the next ability I'm
going to talk about is ward improves
your shield capacity and recharge delay
and as you can see there it's a pretty
hefty delay just from one point with the
legendary class mod and a pretty
significant increase now I will show you
what my shield is doing right now I've
got 61 K basically on this shield and
the only way I can show you the delay I
don't have a weapon that will actually
cause me damage I'll throw the
Roughrider on and as you can see I am at
0 now and then I'll switch back to the B
which has the longest delay on it which
is a 6 point 16 second so we'll put that
on and let's see how long she takes that
there we go so the first thing we will
check out is the difference
in the shield sighs so 91k and that was
what was the increase what was what do
we have here we had an increase of 50%
so basically 30k was added on top of
that 61k or so so that's about how much
that was increased and 80% recharged
delay that's that's crazy so let's see
if it actually statistically tells you
no so it doesn't change the number
statistically that is a pretty
significant boost just for the shield
adjustment alone for the increase in
capacity the delay is just honestly a
huge bonus especially when you're
running with something like the bee that
has a long delay and you need to get
that be up there to have the whole
function of it so we'll go on to the
next ability which heals gun damage and
bullet speed now the bullet speed I
don't really have anything that I can
show you but I'll show you the damage
before I use it let's use this crappy
pistol again so right now I'm sitting at
570 K damage non crit and 1.2 or
1,200,000 crit
so now we'll throw that ability on there
again we'll max this the sexy sexy
ability out for a 30% increase gun
damage and 40% increased speed so
hopefully you'll be able to see the
speed difference a little bit so we did
600 moles at 630 K Oh 603 K so not a
huge increase but you'll probably see a
bigger increase with the crit so about
100k increase on the crit not too bad
not the greatest thing in the world but
guns like this when speed is very much
an issue it's definitely a good thing to
have all right so we're down to the last
few abilities and I'm not going to show
you converge just yet because I have to
actually show you the footage out in the
field actually mangling face so first of
all we've got fleet which basically
increases your movement speed when your
shields are depleted and
I'm going to show you a side-by-side
view of both going on at the same time
and that way you'll see a different
we're gonna run so as you can see normal
speed on the big screen the little
screen someone that's faster alright so
I'm going to show you convergence well I
totally forgot I have to actually put
the point in first that usually helps if
you want to you know have that ability
and as you can see now that a lot unlock
our last ability which I will cover in
the next next part of the video here but
first of all convergence gather up some
stuffs now you see you got all these
little bugs all these little buggers
let's say oh oh easy get up [ __ ] didn't
you do that there you go
see as you can see everything gets
pulled into it with the convergence
which is pretty awesome I love it so it
makes it very good if you want to gather
oh god I've got lots of adults it's very
good if you want to gather everything up
and use a grenade to kill it all right
so our phase log cool down I will have
to go down quickly to the target dummy
and show you the difference but I'll
show you the difference with and without
this cool then as you can see here the
cooldown for the siren is extremely fast
and it's only about a two-second
difference with this talent in it but
two seconds when reviving can be the
difference between life and death I'd
say the best thing about this particular
build and the fact that its support and
it still offers a great deal of damage
is just how you build your character if
you're using the right gear like I was
lucky enough to find this butcher
unfortunately it's a level 59 so I
really want to try and get a level 61
variant of this butcher but a fire
butcher + the fire relic + the B plus
slag + like all the immense damage you
can do like check this stuff
like the amount of numbers that you see
like I'm doing four million five million
three million seven million with this
shotgun this shotgun especially if you
were against a fleshy target like this
you're doing ridiculous damage easily
doing ridiculous damage so I really
although it still supports Peck and you
can easily push out more DPS with this
class I really enjoy building it in a
way where I can support my team so if
you guys want to really be downing raid
bosses this is the spec to pick because
then you're gonna be able to help your
team as well as do a significant amount
of damage even if it's not the maximum
you could possibly do hope you've
enjoyed this build guys don't forget to
subscribe and like the video or dislike
but I'll catch you on the flipside