this is Ed nms welcoming you to another
segment of I love my cars attention to
detail in this segment we're going to
give attention to cleaning our Wheels
tires and white letters or White Walls
these are the results that most of us
strive for cleaning the wheels tires and
the white letters are a chore for most
individuals they can spend a lot of time
on it a lot of energy and effort and not
attain these type professional results
you want your clean bright and shiny
wheel you want your black tire and you
want your white letters now this is the
end result but let me show you what we
started with and how you can achieve the
same professional results in your
driveway we're going to use one product
instead of three in many instances
people have to use a wheel cleaner and
if you go to auto part stores you've
seen that and then they have a white
letter or white wall cleaner and then
they have a tire cleaner I love my cars
Dr wi good attains all three results
with one application what we normally do
is we'll start spraying the product
liberally on the
wheels normally what I will do is I'll
clean I'll spray all four wheels and
tires and then I'll come back to the
first wheel and tire and clean it but
for the sake of demonstration we're just
going to clean this one wheel and
tire now what we're doing is we're going
to spray it liberally again on the wheel
first because that's where most of your
brake dust your Roach film your Grime
accumulates and it's hardest to come off
on your wheel and then we start with the
tire and you'll notice the product
emulsifies uh the dirt and the grime
immediately it runs red off the
tire there are many
products that will damage your Wheel and
Tire if you don't if you leave it on too
long and we don't recommend leaving this
product on more than four or five
minutes by the time you get
back but it has less of a tendency to
damage wheels and tires than your acids
or highly highly highly alcalin
products what we're going to do too
since we see our white letters were very
very dirty we're going to take just a
little a a soft brush and if you notice
this upholster brush is not stiff at all
in many instances there are lug nuts
that you have to get into and you can
use the soft brush the black and white
brush bristle brush to get into those
lug nuts this particular vehicle doesn't
have them but we're going to just
lightly if you notice lightly hit the
white
letters so you notice we lightly uh uh
went over the white letters and in most
instances you'll have more pressure at
your house than I have here at this
particular facility but we're going to
show you how easily the product comes
off many times with no brushing at
all just with this regular low pressure
as you can see
you notice how
white the letters
become
and if all your brake dust doesn't come
off notice how
lightly you use the brush no hard
scrubbing at
all you notice again how the braak dust
emulsifies on contact with a
brush and again I like the soft brush
because you can get into all your nooks
and crannies much easier come back with
your
hose and that's how professionals give
you a high quality uh results with
minimal effort this is Ed nms concluding
another segment of I love my cars ATT
ention to detail cleaning wheels tires
White Walls and white letters