[Music]
welcome welcome back so the first room
that we decided to tackle was this back
room it's gonna be our main kind of
office space it's what we're calling
studio white because it's gonna be our
clean workspace and so we're gearing up
for our first carpet tear out these
beautiful carpet squares that we got to
rip off the floor fortunately they
weren't too difficult to rip up what the
unfortunate part was the black mastic
plus all the glue and then yeah all this
residue left behind so we were gonna
rent some big machines and stuff to
start grinding away and kind of getting
the raw concrete back so first we wanted
to start out with taking off the
baseboards just to get them out of the
way and plus a lot of them were damaged
so we can't even reuse most of it yeah
so I think I've been working on it for a
while I think I'm start to get the hang
of it so this is a diamond bit blade on
this floor polisher remove this down
because this thing was just nails on a
chalkboard and really hard to handle but
I got the hang of it yeah and you have
to work with it wet for the concrete so
that creates quite a bit of a mess but
we're planning on having to decal off
these walls and paint them and all of
that anyway so we weren't really too
concerned about getting it on the wall
even though we will have to clean it all
off which my shoes and pants and
everything else so after several passes
over a certain area like you kind of
knew when you're done because like the
water would just it wouldn't be water
anywhere would just be this thick goop
that we would have to kind of scrape up
into a well we use a shop vac at first
and then after a while we had found a
powder and we kind of got smarter at it
but mainly the shop
got most of it up and here's me scraping
it into a pile and then just slowly
slowly sucking the goop up and then just
dumping it into a bag afterwards
it looks like slip yeah this didn't work
out so well I mean we tried to mop the
floors and it just kind of pushed
everything around so after just
continuous rinsing and washing this is
kind of where we're at with the floors
all right thanks for watching
you