hello again in this video I'll be
running through a real world test on the
desicant dehumidifier scene in the last
video where we ran through the features
and if you haven't seen that and want to
the links are available at the end of
the video and in the description bar
first let's talk about the test
environment I live in a typical mid
1930s period semi detached property like
this one it has a relatively low
occupancy of two adults and one child
and whilst I don't particularly have any
humidity or condensation problems I have
deliberately driven the humidity up in
the house to above 60% for the test
which I will be conducting downstairs
only in my living room to try and get a
controlled test environment for the sake
of consistent results I will close the
lounge doors and run the tests so that
General household activity doesn't
interfere with the end results the
lounge dimensions are 10 4 M or 34t long
3.5 M or 11t 6 in wide which gives us a
floor space of 36.4 square m or 391
Square ft okay there's the test
environment for the first test I'm going
to run the dehumidifier for roughly 1
hour see how much water it can pull out
of the air in that time and how much the
humidity is reduced by running in
standard mode only in test number two I
will run the dehumidifier again until
the target humidity of 55% is reached in
standard mode then I will set it to
turbo mode and time how long it takes it
to reduce the humidity further down to
the lowest setting of 45% humidity okay
here we go test number
one if I just zoom into the humidity
meter you can see that the room
temperature is 20° centigrade and that
the humidity reads 61% just so that you
know the heating is off and the
radiators are totally cool okay let's
start the
dehumidifier if I just zoom in on the
power meter you can see the power
consumption is 331 wats slightly under
the manufacturer stated 360 WS
okay just over 1 hour has passed now
it's time to switch the dehumidifier off
and if we go over to the humidity meter
you can see that the room temperature
has risen 1° to 21° centigrade and the
humidity now reads 56% now I know this
isn't 55% but the dehumidifier has
started to trip in and out automatically
so that's registering 55 % which is near
enough just before we switch off if we
take a look at the power consumption
it's at 338 wats now and the timer here
says 1 hour and 5 minutes let's see what
water we've collected in that
time if we pour this water into a
measuring jug we should get an accurate
reading
now I know it's hard to see because of
the glass and lighting but using the
powers of Photoshop the water level is
just here and that's 200 mL or 8 fluid
ounces not bad for an hour okay on to
test number
two this time if we look at the humidity
meter you can see that the temperature
is 21° Cade and the humidity is at
66% okay let's switch on the
dehumidifier if we take a look at the
power consumption again the meter reads
339 wats which again is marginally under
the 360 W stated in the
manual the first Target humidity of 55%
has now been reached which took roughly
2 and 1/2 hours to achieve and brought
the humidity down from its peak of
66% we're now going to place the
dehumidifier in turbo mode and see how
long it takes to reach the unit's lowest
45% humidity
setting okay we're now at 45% as
indicated by the humidi stat on the
dehumidifier switching it on and off but
as you can see the meter reads
42% but again that's still a close
reading between the two room temperature
on the other hand is now 23° Centigrade
which is a 2° rise from where we started
4 hours ago and if you're curious about
power consumption in turbo mode we can
take a look here and you can see the
power meter reads 650 wats which is just
over the manufacturer stated 620 Watts
but I'm sure there's a little variation
in most
units okay the moment of truth let's
look at what we've managed to pull out
of the air no surprise really but it's a
lot more than before time to go and
measure
it once again thanks to the glass it's
difficult to see so I'll Photoshop the
water line in and the measurement so
that's just over 800 ml or very close to
1 and 1/2 pints of water anyway that
brings this video to an end I hope you
find this useful in some way and you can
find links to this dehumidifier the user
a manual and other dehumidifiers that I
update every year on my website through
the links provided here or in the
description bar thanks for watching