if whatever he asked me about my advice
and whatever I say should become public
only if he decides to make it public he
can say whatever he wants but we uh
here's what I'll say is uh I've been
keeping the first lady waiting for about
half an hour so I'm going to take off uh
I don't want to make her mad please go
you're in good hands and uh and Gibbs
will call last question help thank
you yeah uh go ahead Mr President uh is
there anything else that can be done in
your opinion to loosen up the private
credit markets that have been so tight I
mean if people can't get their hands on
Capital how can they be the
entrepreneurs that they want to be and
this is something that the Republicans
have fought all along what's the next
step well let's first of all let's let
me just run through the numbers again