one of the biggest party days of the
year San Patrick's Day is just around
the corner but before you throw on your
favorite green outfit to go out with
your mates to drink Guinness and car
bombs I've done some research and I've
got the best cures for your hangover
firstly and most importantly is
hydration this means drinking water
before you go out during and the next
day secondly is remember to eat the
greasy are the better so all of that big
burger and fries because it's actually
going to line your stomach and slow the
absorption of alcohol thirdly this may
come as a shock but order vodka studies
have shown that the clear liquor
actually has less toxin so before you
order that bourbon and coke reconsider
for a vodka soda now one of my personal
favorite things to do is to keep a blue
powerade on my bedside table now the
electrolytes will make you feel so much
better in the morning so whether it's
before you go to sleep or the next day
have a sports drink now I have to say it
but the hair of the dog is actually a
myth so when you're going to breakfast
that next day and you think about
ordering a Bloody Mary because you'll
feel better think again because it
doesn't work but most importantly is
sleep and rest so make sure you drink in
moderation you don't mix drinks because
that'll make you feel worse the next day
keep the water up eat something but most
importantly remember to have a fabulous
and patricks day joining me from the
white tavern in the financial district
is my favorite bartender who happens to
be Irish Angela Angela what does some
Patrick's Day mean to you it means oh
look I hear that name it's like hey you
know I do I understand what it's about
it's a national holiday it's the data
sympatric died it's not about going out
and getting drunk really no it's not so
the Americans are getting a rom
completely they go out and get drunk
mean don't get me wrong I wish people
would like to drink oh it's not a day
where you just go out and get
belligerent drunk it's a holiday and you
celebrate the death of st. Patrick and
I guess no it has been 13 years since
you have been back home what is the
biggest difference to celebrating in
your homeland to coming to a place like
New York at home when we were living
there we will go to like your
neighborhood town and to be a parade a
small parade here it's huge Fifth Avenue
prayed I mean it's nice to see but it's
totally different everything's bigger in
the States there is there a traditional
drink or a meal you might have it
symmetric say nope Guinness we drink
Guinness yes 365 days of the year but
not just on that do you know and you are
about enter what do you think people
will be drinking in the States on
Saturday car bombs haha bombs rah and
we're talking largely about the best
hangover cures now we've heard about
water powerade like that sports drink
eating a big meal before what do you
think works best the next day of magners
the bottle of magners the irish cider
with glass vice well we just heard that
the hair of the dog was actually a meth
in it doesn't make you feel better the
next day do you agree no it does make
you feel better if you have like two or
three just to get over your it always
worked for me yes and we also found out
that vodka actually is better for you
because there's less toxins than a
bourbon and coke I don't know about that
people that drink vodka seem more
coherent than people that drink bourbon
no I don't think so and do you think
people that drink water while they're
drinking booze at the bar they kind of
can hold themselves better and perhaps
feel better the next day not really cuz
I've tried that because you're have you
like 200 beers that doesn't help either
but yes it does have to drink water
while you are drinking to dehydrate
yourself for the next morning I mean it
all depends what you drink and how much
you drink and finally how will you be
celebrating sir patrick Cyrus yeah this
year I'm actually going to the Cayman
Islands
no wow so yes cayman islands it is to
celebrate some patties day with Angela
thank you