hello namaste
Salaam walekum sorry Cal welcome back to
another session with your worship at
whare become you know a lot of times we
wonder that when we go and eat these
puffs these pups are light and fluffy
and you always wonder how this puff
pastry dough is made when I was in
college puff pastry is one of the basic
things that we learn in the first year
of college why I'm saying that is for
you to understand that puff pastry is
not difficult so today I'm going to show
you how to make this puff pastry to make
this puff pastry I'm going to use half a
slab of butter which is around 220 grams
so what we are going to do is we are
going to take around 20 percent of this
butter that is around 40 grams and we're
going to melt this butter because we're
going to add this butter in the dough we
are going to make around 220 grams of
flour add pinch of salt you can add a
little bit of lime juice or vinegar this
is used to strengthen the gluten that is
there in the flour just a few drops of
vinegar okay add this butter and water
usually takes around 55% of the flour so
around hundred ml of water in this and
make a soft dough so we're just going to
knead this dough a little bit okay you
see when we knead the dough they're
going to form the gluten now you know
the rest of the butter I put it here now
the important part is how you go in to
handle this dope at any point of the
time you are not going to handle the
dough with your whole hands only with
the fingertips because our hands are
also warm and you don't want this warm
temperature to get into the dough so we
are always going to touch anything only
with the fingertips that way you are
transferring as little heat as possible
into the dough okay take the dink-dink
check and just crush it a little bit I'm
going to add a little bit of flour just
so that it's easy to handle we are going
to make this into a nicer square shape
to make it into a square shape like this
and keep it ready because this is what
is going to go into the dome the door is
also slightly cold one more trick I
always do is here is my tray on which
I'm going to roll this door so that all
the things remain cold and I'm going to
roll on this and whenever I prance for
the sheet into the fridge in between I'm
going to put on the sheet and put this
directly in the fridge add limpid flour
what we need to do is we need to just
spread it on only four sides here I am
using a very cold part ray on which this
sheet is roll so this remains soft and
now you know put this butter in the
center all you do is wrap it up okay
just okay okay on all the sides okay
okay now we're just going to spread it
slowly because if you do it fast the
butter is going to you know pop out it's
just very carefully you're going to roll
this okay just sprinkle little bit flock
do not add too much flour now you see
how I spread it into a thin sheet now
what we're going to be going to fold it
into three just fold it once fold it
twice and then put it on this now you're
going to put this back in the fridge so
that it cools down for our ten minutes
okay and then I'm going to pull it back
and going to roll it again so friends
now let us understand what I am trying
to do here okay I have got the sheet of
dough what I did is I put butter and
again covered it okay now I folded it
and make it into thin layers so now what
happened this butter is in the center of
each sheet as we spread it this is going
to become multiple number of times and
at a point that will be few thousand
layers so we do not want this butter to
pop out of these thin sheets and come
out for that reason we need to
maintain the butter at a very cold
temperature because the butter what we
are using has lot of moisture and you
don't want this flour layer to absorb
the moisture from the butter so you will
never give an opportunity for the butter
to melt that is the reason why you need
to keep this really cold when we fold it
and roll it a couple of times usually we
do around six times by the time there
will be thousands of layers but the
putter will be a thin layer in each
sheet there is another way we do the
same puff pastry in India what they do
in India in small bakeries they do not
use butter they use margarine that is
Dalda they make the Delta into a nice
thin paste and then they roll the thin
sheet of a door they apply a little bit
of margarine fold it again roll it thin
again apply a little bit of margarine
again roll it thin and that is actually
even more difficult this is very simple
right but remember the butter should
never melt in the entire process and you
want this butter to be in thin layers
between many layers of the sheets okay
now look at this this is perfect okay
just sprinkle a little bit of flour and
then roll it now the dough is ready we
are going to fold it one more time and
quickly rush it into the fridge and rest
it another 10 minutes now I am back with
this sheet and a little bit of flour so
just one more time spread it very evenly
beautiful isn't it
so now roll it one more time back like
this okay this is the third time and
we're going to put this back in the
fridge I'm doing it one more time this
is like fourth time okay
now fourth time so turn it fold it one
more time okay and take it back into the
cooler so dear friends what do you think
making this puff pastry it is not the
skill that you need you need the
patience because we're going to fold it
six times and between each fold we are
going to put this dough inside for
around
so that the temperature of the butter is
very cold and it never melts so the
entire process of rolling this and
making this puff pastry takes around one
and half hour because we are making in a
small quantity but when we make a larger
quantity in a five-star hotel it usually
take four to six hours to finish this
puff pastry now I have done this five
times this is six time and the final
time so I'm going to roll it into a thin
sheet so now you can see that this dough
is very evenly you have to roll it even
thickness and this is ready and now we
can convert this into egg puffs or
whatever you want and also if you see
that I'm able to retain a nice shape
square shape now you can cut into any
shape you want you know I'm just going
to cut in the center like this you know
after your final roll make sure that the
dough is very cold because of all these
lights it's got a little bit warmed up
so I put in the fridge and after you put
the stuffings whether you're making egg
or vegetable puffs whatever after you
put the stuffing seal it put it in the
fridge for another 5-10 minutes and then
put in a hot oven around 450 degrees hot
oven for 10 minutes and all of them will
puff up instead of making vegetable puff
and egg puff I'm going to make a puff by
putting you know my sweet mangoes and in
fact dry fruits you can make with any
kind of stuffing I'll just put some dry
fruits just apply a little bit on the
water on the edges and then seal it a
simple puff is ready I am going to put
some mangoes fruit mangoes also seal
them little bit so I'm going to bake
this in the oven at 400 degrees for need
for around 10 minutes okay I'm going to
put rest of this dough in a ziplock bag
and put it in the freezer and I'm going
to use it later so look at this you know
how fluffy this is
become see you can see hundreds of
layers like this okay this is what you
know when you bake it right when you
make this door ride you're going to make
the puff paste which literally melts in
your mouth
Wow look at this inside how beautifully
you can put dry fruits nuts or anything
and you can make your own puffs Wow
so dear friends I hope you have enjoyed
to learn how to make puff pastry once
you learn the art of making puff pastry
you can make any kinds of vegetable
puffs and it will be a great snack for
your party but if you want to go easy
route there are various kinds of puff
pastry that is available in the market
and we will learn how to make vegetable
puff egg puffs and many other kind of
puffs in the future session so dear
friends do not forget whatever is all
about inspiring others to cook so please
post your recipes and cooking tips so
others can benefit from your great
cooking