assalamu alaikum beerus myself silkie
what are these three types reading in
their survey the big site inter-site and
of course poor sight these things are
known shortly by BS IES and a base BAC
present backside is represent inter
sides and APIs is of course poor sight
to understand these three types reading
better let us consider for a moment if a
man is deciding a living machine and one
man is just holding a reading stop it
benchmark remember benchmark is a point
with no innovation when you sit the
instrument we always take the first
reading at the benchmark the specific is
of course known by they excite so the
first reading after sitting the
instrument is called backside this can
be taken at Northpoint which means DM
are poor sight poor sides of course also
unknown find after this may excite we
take inter sites in our ranging area the
number of inter sites may depend our
ranging area this can be up to 1,000 r0
here by 1,000 I mean it can be more and
more so our readings between the excited
and poor side i've known by inter sides
then what is for side for side is just
last reading after sitting the
instrument but how can I understand this
let me just consider if I need inter
sides so far from instrument which means
it is just out of range the stop
readings are not quite feasible to the
surveyor when there is an obstacle in
sideline in this type situation we
decide in extraordinary and because this
guy is poor side because this is just
illustrating update point so this is
known by poor side because this is just
last reading of the last instrument
station after this we ship the
instrument another point and take big
side at poor side remember from the
definition big side can be taken at for
side because poor heart this time is
just an off point then we take
inter-site a dead point which was our
Forge and so on we could take any
inter-site at any point last DVD RM
then of course you can tape or sire a
fixpoint erect nonpoint / future survey
so this is Paul Sartre which is of
course the last reading of this station
so here in this section we learned that
the bus trading after sitting the
instrument will be known as the big site
which is of course taken at Northpoint
like BM our foresight and poor side is
of course this de NOS trading after
sitting the instrument lastly our
readings between may excite and pours
height are known by inter sides and this
is it thank you guys for watching see
you next time and uh Salam