hey everyone my name is April and in
this tutorial I'm going to show you how
to make some super simple pants you can
use this tutorial to make pajama pants
swap pants or any kind of baggy pants
here are the materials you will need the
first thing you want to do is fold your
fabric in half and then you want to fold
it in half again next you want to take a
pair of pants and fold them in half lay
them down so that the straight side of
the pants is on the folded side of the
fabric next you want to trace the pants
and add seam allowance
since the pants I'm using are skinny
jeans I make sure to add extra space
around the sides because we want these
pants to be loose
after the pants are traced cut it out
now you should have two pieces after
it's cut and you want to face the two
pieces right sides together and sew
along the curves after sewing the curves
open up the pants and sew the inner leg
seam together once the pants are made
tried them on next we are going to
create our waistband by folding the top
of the pants down use your elastic to
measure how much needs to be folded then
pin it down and so make sure to leave a
1 to 2 inch opening to insert the
elastic band
to insert the elastic into the waistband
take a safety pin and pin it to one end
of the elastic then slide it through the
opening and work its way all the way
around until it comes out the opening
again
once the elastic is pulled through I
like to pin the two ends together so
they don't slide back in when trying
them on
if everything fits then sew the two ends
of the elastic together using a zig zag
stitch then go back and close up the
hole we left open if you want the
elastic around the bottom of the pant
then repeat the same process as the
waistband but if you just want them like
pajama pants then all you have to do is
hem the bottom of the pants thank you so
much for watching if you want more
tutorials don't forget to like this
video and subscribe also follow me on
Instagram and Facebook to see what I'm
working on next