good morning guys and whoa I almost said
welcome to vlogmas day oh that happens
to me every single freaking year oh my
god well welcome to my vlog Channel
that's very sad no my vlog bit what
intro did I use for this I don't know
like that's it that I like real rough
right now honestly like getting out of
bed was a little hard not gonna live it
Ashley and I decided to have a spam per
day we're gonna get blowout so the next
time you see me my hair is gonna look
real good well hopefully oh I wanted to
take you there's a coffee shop like
right on the court it's super try to
curl her straight I'm gonna straight
should I do it straight if I could yo
yeah it looks why is the lighting oh we
just got our blowouts you look good I
like mine oh my god my hair looks so
long won it straight I've always forget
how long my hair is until I like
blow-dry it straight or something you
only take any pick today or something
yeah that'd be fun oh my dad are so home
should we pick something up or should we
make something we got some food so good
the parents are here we got some avocado
toast
we got a latte and we got some berries
this is so cute wait dig in I just took
a snapshot feel like I should redo it
cuz now what's cuter with everything
what is up and welcome to the office so
I'm currently editing very last vlog
miss blog and I'm not gonna lie I'm kind
of sad like it's the last vlog miss flop
until next year it's just kind of sad
you know but yeah sorry it's 10:00 it's
currently at 10:17 right now I should
have edited this last night but honestly
we got home from dinner and I was so
tired woke up this morning to get our
blowout so vlog will be up it'll
probably be up in like about an hour ish
but so yeah
[Music]
you guys vlog me day 25 is up the left
sorry I'm gonna be talking about it all
day okay
all day I'm sorry like it oh my god it's
almost wait wait does it year calendar
oh my god wait should we get a new one
oh should we do something different
Oh what do we do I order another one
like the same one I I really like it too
did you hear me like lift it up in the
screen you knew right away oh my god you
got I got okay well anyways it vlog
messes up very exciting so we have to do
something there it is
vlog miss 2017 in fact I've actually
seen a lot of people ask what this is
this is an external hard drive so
basically I have every single vlogmas
video saved onto here PSD like how I put
the little like a little like what are
they called Astrid a little like accent
marks on it because that's what I did in
all the thumbnails Oh guys I'm kind of
emotional right now Chloe
do we love our new bed oh my god it
looks so cute in there he looks up
careful I got her new bed for Christmas
that I forgot to show on the vlog and
she freaking loves it anyways let's go
do our makeup yo oh now you're coming
you just love me good me don't you you
love me admit it okay let's put on some
makeup
[Music]
and makeup it's done this is a look we
got today yep just a nice little dewy
bronzy kind of look so guess what's
happening there is some serious damage
not damaged it's actually that's not
would be a negative word this would be a
better word what would a better would be
there's some serious movement there's
some serious progress no there's some
serious moves being made closet
clean-out is happening just it's been so
needed I do this all the time you guys
know that but this one is like a deep
deep clean honestly I'm very very
excited do you see how huge this bag is
oh my god so much stuff do you see all
these empty hangers what see I should be
so proud empty hangers I feel like
there's honestly still some stuff I
could get rid of oh no I feel like I do
wear a lot of these a lot at least right
now
shoes is another thing that still needs
to be tackled oops let me just put that
back up there
[Music]
let's get some hangers down
[Music]
so much progress
oh dang this was so needed oh my god and
you guys look what I'd be I'm look what
I found
I found my UGG with the hole I'm sad to
see these go but I have new ones now and
I can give these to someone who may need
them update time it is currently 587 I'm
here with the John Murray
Oh we were like you know what we're
starving big surprise it's like we're
always everyone we're starving cat I
want to see a movie tonight I don't know
I'm just in such a movie mood right now
so I'm not sure where we're gonna go oh
no no we're talking my pizza literally
get some pizza I think let's do it we
just got so Universal CityWalk and we
decided to come here and a lot further
drive and it's like so cute so we
figured I could we come here
oh wait we wanted oh no food good blaze
blaze right here he's always yeah it's
like so good I'm actually like now that
I'm smelling visa it smells even better
so I got my usual it looks great
this one got olives
a fun fact I hate olive we're gonna eat
and then we have a while to the movie
starts so we're probably just gonna walk
around watching movie hey guys what is
up so movie was good we saw daddy's home
- it was cute it was kind of predictable
but it was super cute
so obviously I'm back home and I'm in
bed I've Eames gonna watch some TV for a
bit but then go to bed so yeah excellent
and this fall you guys so much for
watching and I'll see you tomorrow with
another book love you bye
[Music]