cutting the pants better as shown in the
video this is the back part of the pads
do not forget to fold the pants as well
[Music]
also lift three centimeter on the top
side because we are going to add waste
and later and leave one centimeter at
the sides for the same elements
[Music]
always remember not to lift up the
fabrics when cutting it because if so
the pattern will move around
[Music]
next we are going to stitch the outer
sides so is tied the back and the front
rabbit pattern then stitch the sides
stitched in the sides as well as shown
in the video
[Music]
and years when you leave about a
centimeter free Florida seam allowance
[Music]
you
here we are going to stage the inner
corner side
we were stitching in the other side so
now we are stitching the inner side
you
in the video we only staged one leg hole
you can repeat the same steps for the
other leg hole
thanks this is the most important step
we are going to insert one leg hole to
the other leg hole because the proposed
is to stitch the inner sides towards the
waist or the upper top side
if you already inserted it like holes
remember that the right side has to meet
the right side
[Music]
so when you reverse the pants it will
fit next we are going to stitch to
bottom style fold one centimeter of the
fabric towards the inner side and Stitch
the edges
[Music]
we are going through the same thing to
the other leg home
you
and then we are going to put on the
waist back to put on a waistband first
connect the ends of the waistband so it
forms a circle and then stitch it
[Music]
and now to insert the waistband into the
pants and stitch it
mark where you want to start stitching
the waistband at usually people start at
the back of the pants
after the waistband is attached to the
starting point
stitch it also across the starting point
just so that the waist then won't move
around
[Music]
and now the stitch to always bend to the
pants fold the pants inwards until it
covers the waistband
and also you're gonna want to stretch
the waistband as you snake head so when
you unstretched the waist then it
becomes wrinkle
[Music]
that's why we stitched at the starting
point first because it will just walk
down the waistband so it will move
around and it will be easier for us to
stitch the hallways then to the pants
[Music]
because here we are using a mini same
machine so it's really lightweight so we
need someone else to hold it for us so
it won't move around when we're
stitching
[Music]
and now we're just going to stitch the
waistband again so there will be two
layers of stitches as shown in the video
and remember that the waistband that we
cut has to be shorter than the pants
circumference
you