hey everyone it's Asia dang and as you
may know we moved and for some people
moving and decorating might be like the
best thing in the world for me it's not
there's just so much to do it's really
expensive and you know kind of stressful
but it is something that needs to be
done if you want your new home to feel
like a home so for me the most important
part of the entire home is your bedroom
because you know that's like your
Sanctuary there are 10 10 easy cheap
ways to upgrade your bedroom tip number
one is to upgrade your bedding situation
this is really important because well
apparently we spend a third of Our Lives
sleeping so getting a great bed that
helps with back support and makes you
sleep really well is incredibly
important I was actually recommended to
get Casper by my chiropractor I have
really bad lower back issues and he said
that a lot of his patients really loved
Casper so we've actually had this bed
for 2 months now and we love it it has
like some memory phone technology that
makes it firm SL soft at the same time
we love Casper so much that we actually
got the Casper pillow and some beding
we've had it for about 2 months now no
complaints the amazing thing about
Casper is that you can actually try it
out for 100 days and if you don't like
it you can actually return it free
shipping too by the way moral of the
story if you can invest in one thing in
your bed or even in your entire
apartment it should be this guy right
here your bed and your bedding so if you
are interested in getting a Casper bed
there is a $50 promo code that I will
put in the description box the next
thing that you can do is DIY it DIY is a
great way to get the type of furniture
that you want at a price that you can
for I was inspired to do this DIY
project that I'm finishing up right now
by a um tall boy dresser that I saw at
HD Buttercup it was beautiful it was
very modern but the price tag was I
think like
$1,300 and your girl ain't going to
spend that much money on a tall boy so
what did I do I went to Ikea got aund
$25 uh tall boy dresser I believe and
then um
DIY it so obviously what I did was I
painted all of this white myself spray
painted the bottom gold I got these
really cute gold poles and while it's
not exactly the same it is pretty
similar and either way the dresser ended
up looking really cute in my opinion so
it was all in all a a really good
project the next way to upgrade your
bedroom is to Simply shift your
furniture I did this in my last last
place and it totally made a difference
when I first moved into the place my bed
was originally up against the wall and
then I moved it in front of the window
as you can tell it completely changed
the look and the vibe of of my bedroom
and we actually did it with our new
place as well so when we first moved
into this apartment we had the bed up
against the window we decided to move
our bed from the window to against this
white wall moving the bed over to one
ins side of the Loft actually makes it a
little bit more private than if it was
straight on to where everyone can see
you another way to change up the look of
your
room change up your curtains and hang
them properly the curtains are just too
short we have um like really tall
ceiling so the curtains are just really
short and then the curtain rod of there
is just not in the right place okay so
now it's done as you can tell we um
lifted up the curtains a little bit more
than halfway um because we have these
really long curtains and what it did was
it opened up the length of the room you
can really tell how high the ceilings
are and then we moved the um rods
outside about 6 in outside of the window
so it opens up the window as well next
step is to shop real home decor can get
really expensive really quickly but
there are ways and places you can go to
save some money Craigslist is my number
one Craigslist can get really scary like
you need to be careful about who you're
contacting and what information that you
give out but if you search you will find
good deals this seat is case and point
right here the cost of the this chair
from the original price of
$1,200 was
$80 people $80 I just like cannot even
express to you how excited that makes me
and as you can see it's ly's favorite
resting spot another place I cut to cost
is with this platform bed there is a um
hardware store right across the street
from us so I walked over asked if they
had any
platform beds that they aren't using
because a lot of equipment comes on
platforms and they said yeah how much do
you need I said four and they gave it to
me for free just to get it out of their
building the next tip is to dust now it
is a tedious chore and everyone seems to
overlook it it's actually pretty crazy
how much like dust can accumulate in
just 24 hours so this is something that
I make sure I do myself every day just
to keep things looking sparkling and
clean another cheap and easy tip to
upgrade your bedroom is to just reuse
play around with other pieces or items
of furniture that you already have in
your home that are floating around in
different areas a great way to play with
Decor options without the stress of
actually having to purchase something so
this guitar I actually bought for Brian
for Christmas a couple years ago and it
has just been in storage for like 3
years so I decided to take it out in
storage and feature it this ladder was
in our bathroom for a little bit and
held our towels but I actually think
it's just more practical out here and
also goes really well with this chair
and then I had my necklaces in the
closet on a hanger but I just thought it
was really pretty looking hanging on our
drawer so I took the necklaces out and
put them on display the next way to
upgrade your bedroom is to add Greenery
adding Greenery to your room is just a
really quick and easy way to add water
warmth house puns generate oxygen and
remove toxins from the air however if
you don't have a green thumb like I do
they will eventually end up looking like
this so while I do intend to add real
house plants a couple of them throughout
the bedroom and the entire Loft actually
until that day
happens fake plants are the way to go so
getting fake plants of course just
emulates that same warmth that you will
will find from a real plant without you
know the worry of killing a live
creature this is from Target this both
of these plants were from HomeGoods this
Atrium I think it's called clearly fake
but it's so cute and then this little
Fern piece actually came in a cement
block but I wanted to put it into this
planter that I got from H&M
so I think it looks pretty good
definitely warms up the space real or
not the next way to upgrade your bedroom
is to hide your cords times it's really
easy to hide cords like if they're just
conveniently located behind your bed
so but other times they are just the
Menace to your really cute bedroom like
here so all you need is a hot glue gun
what is going on here I got this rope
from Home Depot and this is the cord dab
some hot glue to make sure this all goes
in
[Music]
place take a little bit of the cord and
have some
space press it
down we're just going to hold that and
let it dry for a little
bit and then we're going to twirl this
around just so there's no any nothing
loose hanging and then we're gonna twirl
the main
rope and just twist it like this okay so
now you have this cool little coiled
wrap around your extension cord and of
course you don't have to use rope you
can use
Ribbon
or I guess that might be it but whatever
your your style is I'm not really too
much of a ribbon person so this is a
great way to hide your cord into your
Decor okay and the final tip to upgrade
your bedroom is to get a rug adding a
rug could pull your whole Space together
and make the space feel more warm and
cozy I'm actually interested in adding a
rug to this area we have this directly
across the bed so I want to make it its
own space and plus since our floors are
concrete they're kind of all over the
place so I'd really like to streamline
this whole area right here so here's the
space before and here is the after look
at how beautifully that pulls together
this little space here just goes to show
how beautifully an Arial rug can pull
the whole room together all right
everyone so those are my 10 ways to
upgrade your bedroom as you watched out
this video those are the 10 tips that I
use to upgrade my bedroom personally but
of course there are more tips to choose
from so if you have any cheap easy ways
to upgrade your bedroom please let us
know in the comment section and yeah
that's it I'm Asia dang thank you so
much for watching I'll see you later bye