[Music]
hello
welcome to world about nature and this
is another happy tax episode a gentleman
in the Netherlands has asked me to make
him a habitat and it's a difficult one
because it being the Netherlands I've
got to ship it there and these being log
habitats they are very heavy so I've had
to be a bit imaginative with how I do it
he wants two habitats what I'm going to
do is make two and out of one I've got
this log here and the other ends down
there was a heavy noodle log again
recycled from somebody who chopped it
down and I've chopped about 15 inches
off and I'm gonna chop that in half and
that will be the two habitats and they
will be joined together with hinges and
then a roof to be attached when it
arrives well sounds a bit weird I know
but hopefully if what is in my mind
comes out at the end I think you'll be
happy with it I like the idea and once
it's drilled I'm going to put as many
holes in it as I can and that will keep
the weight down believe it or not
because the amount of sawdust you get
out of these is something else I that
green bag there was half-full from the
last big one I did it's amazing
especially those big drills are 10 mil
ones they can really empty their the
wood so it will be lighter that's the
plan
probably somewhere between five and ten
kilos hopefully so what went to do now
is unfortunately I took this up the road
to get it cut with a bandsaw so I've cut
it by hand off each end cleaned up the
end and chopped it off the big log but
now I want it in half along its length
and this this wood is notoriously hard
for cutting down with the grain you just
get banged up all the time but the place
I was going to take it to and pay them
to do it it's closed today so they're
supposed to close at 12:00 and they've
closed at half 11 how dare they so
anyway long's long and short of it is
I've got to do it by hand so we're
wishing me luck
[Music]
you
okay so that was fun about three just
over three hours in now because I've
tried cutter you can see there just put
the line at each end drew a line down
the side on both sides and then aimed
for that and it was pretty good I went
straight between the line and then once
I've done that I've sanded them down so
looked lovely and smooth with a really
coarse great grit sand paper and then a
fine sandpaper ready for drilling and
then obviously as you've seen before in
my videos they'll be drilled and then
sanded again but before I do that for
this one in particular because it's not
very fat the habitats very deep I don't
want it to crack as quick as normal so
what I've done with is I'm gonna put
them in a a bath of half PVA and water
again just get them in there I've done
it right wait for think I have here we
go so just put them in there and let
them soak for a few hours in the Sun
that's wrong doing this me as he's
normal with my videos one hand on a huge
iPad and the other trying to do the work
so there you go
so they're in there now I'll let them
soak up most of that and then dry in the
Sun and then we'll start drilling
you know it's amazing how much sawdust
comes out of a couple of hundred holes
there's there's a lot of weight to this
which is what I was talking about
earlier yeah once they're drilled you
can see where I'm gonna put the names in
the middle there we're gonna do that
with a wood burning kit but I'll show
you that later so once they're all
drilled like that you will get this
firming up now I didn't use a pillow
drill which is this old fellow here
because he's finally given up the ghost
and absolutely will not start so they
were unfortunately done by hand it
doesn't mean that you got a little bit
more cleaning up to do so you can see
how it comes up I just put this on the
circuit
[Music]
give that a quick blow you can see that
the the holes do come up nice I'll get
I'll obviously do it more than that but
once you do the whole thing this is
about half way done the holes do come up
really nice and then you can turn it
over and give it a bang at each end with
the hammer quite a few until all the
holes are completely empty because the
these will not go in there if there's a
lot of stuff they will clean it out up
to a degree but if it's compacted in
there the sawdust it's gonna be really
difficult for them to use so okay so
I'll stand these two down and then when
I've got the burnishing kit out and I've
done the names or doing the names I'll
catch up with you again one thing I
forgot to say obviously this is a half a
log so the closer you get to the edge
the shallower the holes need to be with
a pillar drill you can set the height
which is perfect but as I was doing it
by hand I went through twice net to
repair the hole so that is one of the
things to be aware of so with the
burnishing you see I've got an American
wood furniture here and a an adapter a
step-down transformer here so now it's
all sanded off I'm just gonna do a bit
of work and you can see how the letters
are formed so I've already done the M
you just take it ever so slow and work
your way
it slowly around not holding the
burnishing kit too close for too long
because otherwise the the burn does
spread and you just want to create a
nice deep furrow if you like full of
burnt material and then afterwards what
I'll do is I'll seal it with the the
glue so that it it stays visible for a
lot longer it will fade over time but
hopefully it will last a lot longer so
you can see there it looks kind of nice
and dark and neat and finish it off
really nicely so I'll catch up with you
after about 13 hours of work of cutting
and sanding and preparing and treating
and drilling and etching and pegging the
roof on cuz I tried to do it without
screws which looks really nice
they're finally complete some leave you
with it please like and subscribe and
share with your friends on social media
get the word out there if you're
interested in me making a habitat for
you please private message me and I'll
leave you with it there should be
hopefully at the end of this because
we've got away a week or so to receive
it a picture of the recipients enjoying
their new habitat
paste it in right at the very end but
thanks for watching here are the
finished things or the finished happy
Taxation
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]