[Music]
before painting any mold present must be
removed with an anti mold wash then
clean the wall using sugar soap rinse
off the sugar soap and any anti mold
wash using a fresh wet cloth if there
are any cracks or holes in the surface
repair them with a flexible gap filler
and use a fine sandpaper to remove any
residue cover all surfaces not being
painted with a drop sheet and use
masking tape to secure the drop sheet
almost every surface must be sanded for
for painting for new surfaces apply
british paints prep for in one
water-based for previously painted
surfaces apply two top coats of british
paints clean and protect kitchen and
bathroom begin by cutting in the edges
with your brush start rolling in an M
pattern moving from one side of the wall
to another each time you finish a 1 to 2
meter section you need to lay off your
paint do this by rolling the roller
without loading it up with paint from
one corner of the wall to the other in
one straight stroke so your finish isn't
patchy it's important you maintain a wet
edge and complete an entire section of
the wall before stopping and allow at
least two hours drying time before
applying a second coat
you
[Music]