how to clean marble walls marble is a
beautiful stone classically used in the
construction of countertops floors and
accents on furniture it is limestone
that has metamorphosed and combined with
natural elements resulting in a
relatively soft material veined with a
range of colors and patterns marble is
easily stained edged and dulled so it's
important to know how to take care of it
well one protect marble from
scratches don't set sharp edged objects
directly on marble if you have marble
floors use padding under chair and table
legs use coasters and mats on marble
countertops to protect them from glasses
and
appliances to clean marble
frequently marble stains very quickly
especially if a liquid is allowed to sit
untouched for a period of time clean up
orange juice wine and coffee as soon as
they are spilled three wipe marble with
a damp cloth use a soft cloth and a
little warm water to clean dust and
small spills from your marble counter
top and Floors don't scrub as this could
scratch the marble run the cloth over
the surface making a circular motion in
the spots that need a little extra
pressure for wipe the marble dry don't
leave pool BS of water to try on marble
countertops or floors as this could end
up leaving a stain use a second Dry soft
cloth to dry the surfaces after they're
clean five use a natural light soap or
marble cleaner for deeper cleaning if
dust or other debris has accumulated a
bit on your counter top or floor dilute
a gentle dish soap in a little warm
water and use a soft cloth to clean your
marble
surfaces six Shine Your marble with a
shamwa a shamwa cloth is made from a
soft fabric that can be used to dry and
Shine Your marble at the same time this
is the gentlest way to shine your marble
[Music]