[Music]
the weather's nice it's great time to
get started on your outdoor projects and
even indoor projects and invariably what
I find almost every project involves
cutting a piece of wood many people
struggle with this because they can't
cut a straight line it requires some
hand-eye coordination but I've got a
quick tip that will help you cut a
straight line every time take a look at
your circular saw what you're gonna find
is the fence edge happens to be parallel
with the blade and we can use that part
of the saw to our advantage
the two tools you need to cut the
straight line are simple framing square
and a clamp here's how you use them go
ahead and take the framing square and
simply put it on the piece of lumber and
clamp it in position take a pencil and
draw a line where the framing square
contacts the wood this is an important
reference mark go ahead and take your
saw now take the fence and put it
against the edge of the framing square
and begin your cut you don't have to cut
the entire length we just want to find
out what is the distance between the
edge of the blade and the fence and our
saw cut and pencil line tells us that
and in our case it happens to be one
inch put the framing square on I make my
line I measure one inch clamp it down
squeeze it into position so that the
square is nice and firm take your saw
and make sure that the edge of the fence
rides along the edge of the square to
make your cut and it'll be perfect
oh yes that's a nice cut victory the
other advantage of using the square is
simple it holds the blade completely
square and perpendicular to the edge of
the piece of lumber you're trying to cut
so that you get a square cut each and
every time I'm Tim Carter ask the
Builder if you want to discover more
home improvement tips go to ask the
Builder com
[Music]