wet clothes after a wash washing machine
not draining the water properly well
nine times out of ten a blocked pump
will be the cause so let's fix it this
is a washing machine pump
it's a motorized impeller with a filter
on the front now it's designed to pump
out all waste water after a washing
cycle the filter though can get blocked
by hair and fabric and other foreign
objects in fact the most common culprits
are coins and hair grips as always
before we do any maintenance on any
kitchen appliance make sure it's all
safely turned off with most machines to
get to the pump and filter you'll first
need to remove the bottom access panel
now there's going to be a lot of excess
water in the machine so you can need
something like this a shallow tray it
needs to be showering up to fit
underneath the filter that's deep enough
to hold water so a shallow baking tray
is perfect open the filter cover partway
and drain the water you'll want to make
sure all the water is drained out before
opening the filter cover fully because
there may be quite a lot so this is what
you'd expect to see lots of reasons why
this poor little filter can't do its job
and empty the machine of water now this
is where you have to get your finger in
make sure you clear out everything from
inside including around the impeller be
amazed at what wonders you might find so
let me show you on my demo what I've
done there so inside here is the Impella
you get your finger in there and clear
it all out now the impeller should spin
but there will be some resistance the
last thing to do is give the filter a
good clean under warm water it really
can be as simple as that to sort the
washing machine that won't drain to
order any replacement parts like pumps
or filters or to book your local
Hotpoint engineer visit Hotpoint service
dot code at UK