we got some hatching eggs in these just
came in we ordered these off eBay and
they are pretty cool kind of chick that
we've never hatch doubt before so let me
unbox this and I'll tell you about these
eggs all right what we're supposed to
have 10 or 12 eggs here so we got a
couple packages of six here it looks
like they just put them in some shredded
paper here we ordered these off of ebay
we've only done an order off of ebay one
other time and we didn't have very good
hatching success because it was in the
winter and we were a little nervous this
morning if these eggs were going to show
I was it had already been four days
since they worship and they were only
coming from a little way south of us in
Missouri so of course you're gonna have
potential problems of them getting shook
way too much by the postman boxes
getting overturned eggs potentially
breaking and then also the cold weather
because we've had freezing temps for the
last couple nights let's open these up
and see if they're okay all right so we
were promised ten eggs and we've got
eleven here they look pretty good so far
all right so now we've got our 11x here
I like to put the date on them once I
remember when I put them under a broody
hen or put them in the incubator and
then I could track when they should
hatch 21 days later and today is
December 4th so they should hatch on
Christmas this will also help us to be
able to separate them if we put them
under a broody hen we could separate
them from the eggs that are laid because
we'll be able to see the writing on them
so now let me tell you what's inside
these eggs we ordered some I am
chemonics and if you've never seen the I
am Jumaane breed they are an all black
chick they have black feathers black
skin and even down to their bones and
their organs are all black called some
form of hyperpigmentation where they
have a dominant gene and it just makes
everything black so we're hoping to use
one or two broody hens one silkie is
just not going to be enough to cover
these eleven eggs so if that's the case
we'd put as many as we could maybe five
or six under her and put the rest in an
incubator we've heard that you may need
to let these rest after shipment or at
least get them back to room temperature
here in the house and you've got about a
week from once these are laid that they
need to start incubating to have a
chance at survival and so we're gonna
leave on let them rest till tonight and
then when we put the chickens to bed
I'll put these eggs under the Sophie's
[Music]
it is so close sorry it is so close I
can get 8 out of the 11 underneath her
if I just had one more broody Sookie I
could get it done so tempting to put the
final three I'm gonna see if I can get
him under her and if she can sit on top
of all of them
[Music]
alright I've got them all underneath her
and just that one right there's just got
a little bit of an edge out so treated
her out the three eggs she had under her
and put all eleven underneath her that
is really awesome because then we don't
have to worry about our incubator the
only thing I have to worry about are the
other hands that are lying in that
nesting box that they don't disrupt what
she's doing with those eggs they're
gonna mix in two to three other eggs
every day some of them to go in and make
sure those get out and that we get the
other eggs underneath her every day so
I'll be sure to check on them every day
like I said we are on December 4th so on
Christmas Day we should have some I am
to my knees alright guys well we have
one week to go on hatching these eggs
it's been two weeks and we initially
started with one broody hen over here
and a second one came to join and so
that worked out perfect we've got five
or six eggs under each of them and so I
was gonna candle a few of the eggs here
and see how we're doing
to see how fertile these eggs are
there's just too much sunlight so I'm
gonna bring it in here into this
I've got three of them okay there you
can see some growth you see about half
of the egg is filled tough to tell on
that one let's see if we can tell on
another egg Oh big line on that one
sometimes that's a good sign sometimes
there's some movement in there even
though we do see so much light coming
through oh look at all the vein growth
on that one that is really cool I'd say
most definitely on this one that is some
good growth going on in there well that
gives me a good idea on these eggs
that's three of them just a good
cross-section of them I think we've got
one really good one in there I think a
second one that's good possibility and
then a third one that doesn't look good
at all so I'll go ahead and put them
back underneath the hens here you can
see all the eggs under there I'll go
ahead and leave them alone for now
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
sorry alright it is Christmas December
25th and I see one egg pipping so far so
hopefully when we come home from our
Christmas celebration later today
we'll see at least a few chicks so hatch
day is finally here it is day 21 it is
Christmas Day and we have been waiting
for this moment to see if these items
Imani chicks will hatch out we just had
to move the chicks out of the nest eggs
and over here to the brooder we don't
want the same thing that happened to us
last month with the Muscovy ducklings to
happen again
we're a couple of these chicks hatched
some of them don't where the chicks get
out of the nesting box and some of the
other chickens would kill them because
they're not they're young to raise so
right now we've got two silky hens in
here and originally there were eleven
eggs one of them got broken about two
three days ago not sure what happened
with that but it really stung so it was
a bad egg so these soaky's are currently
fighting over these eggs I just moved it
over here so I'm hoping that they'll
take to them they'll take care of them
and they'll sit on right now they're
fighting over who's gonna sit on what
and this egg is currently the furthest
along it was pipping this morning and it
is almost out of the egg so for sure
we've got one I know one other one is
pipping this one's bleeding a lot but
it's doing it all on its own so I'm
gonna put it under the broody hens and
let them take care of it overnight
alright so we've got a webcam set up to
watch these guys overnight so we'll
check on their progress and we'll check
back in the morning to see who has
hatched
[Music]
it has been such a gloomy day out here
but hopefully we'll see some good news
here with the chicks let's see what's
going on here
[Music]
we've got some awesome news and some
really sad news we have one of the iron
sh'mon teases his hat stands looking
awesome look at that and one of them the
one that was about hatched last night
that it was bleeding quite a bit it
didn't make it through the night
you got hatched out and I just didn't
survive so let me put this chick back
with its mama
Oh another egg broke it's got some
residue on here it smells so bad but
we've got some good news this one's got
some peeping in it I don't see any
pipping in this one yet but we'll put it
back under the britons it's a Christmas
miracle we've got so many chicks that
hatched out overnight it's two days
after I expected them all the hatch but
now I see at least five chicks in here
and there's another one that's working
its way out if this little one hatches
then I think we'll have six down here I
think I see five under the two broody
hens and then there's this one so we'd
have six and one hatch the first day and
died of course but if seven out of 11
hatched that's a great hatch rate for
shipping in freezing weather that's
really good
I was getting so nervous about only
having one or two of these it sure
didn't seem like many we're gonna hatch
and I cannot believe how many are
hatched out here today that is so
awesome give me give me
because I want you door knows makes me
feel this way don't know what you do
hold my hand could you hold my hand love
me in the you and me yeah that's all I
need and I'll be
[Music]
right here I swear that I'll stay here
with you
I want to stay with you all right so we
had our sixth and final chick hatch
which is pretty awesome to have seven
out of the eleven eggs we had hatch only
one didn't survive that was really
exciting because at first I thought only
one was gonna hatch out and it didn't
make it and then a second one came and I
thought that might be it and that would
be a lone chick and then I was so
excited to see for more hatch out
yesterday morning and these are such a
cool breed because they are all black on
their feathers to their skin to their
organs to their meat to their bones are
all black so what do you think I'm
pretty adorable what do you think of it
all black chicken I think it's pretty
cool I don't know if I could eat the
meat though and they're gonna add a good
variety to our flock though yeah these
are pretty hard checking to get a hold
of there are a lot of hatching eggs like
we got on eBay but there are not many
hatcheries that I carried this breed so
it's really cool that we were lucky
enough to get some of the used to hatch
out what do you think bud what do you
think of the trick okay do you like the
color you like that they're black do you
think bud you like them yeah yeah turn a
little bit light turn what a black so
we're curious to see because this is an
all-black breed and I know once in
awhile they get some white in them and
that's not ideal for this breed so do
any of you know if there's a little bit
of white on them right now will they
still have it when they're older or will
that work its way out so we just have
one just this one right here has a
little bit white and just poofed in my
hand all right let's put these chicks
out with your mama's thanks for watching
[Music]
Oh
[Music]
give me all your life
[Music]
give me
me oh yeah
[Music]
give me love give me all your uh give me
all your
[Music]