hey guys welcome back to my channel this
is VI Sharma here in today's video I'm
going to talk about 13 benefits of
eating soaked dry aner during pregnancy
anir is also known as
fix number one fix have good amount of
calcium to strengthen the bones of the
developing baby number two fix improved
digestion during pregnancy number three
figs are source of natural sugar and
folic acid number four the they are
source of vitamin A B1 and B2 number
five eating fix cures weaken nerve
system number six soak dry figs are
highly effective when boiled in milk
number seven adding honey to soak dry
figs with warm water can heal cold and
cough during pregnancy number eight
eating too much of soaked dry figs May
root to diarrhea number nine you should
eat two to four soaked dry anes at least
tce a week
number 11 anjir fights hair loss
problems before and after pregnancy
number 12 always wash aner softly before
soaking number 13 soak dry aners you eat
should be soaked in water overnight for
8 hours always remember each pregnancy
is different it is always best to check
with your doctor before including fix to
your diet I hope you like this video
please don't forget to give this video a
thumbs up and subscribe subscribe my
channel to stay up to date with my new
videos thank you for watching and I'll
see you soon in my next video