[Music]
a lot of my friends have asked me to
share my recipe of taboule today this
one's for
you the ingredients for taboule are
parsley fresh mint tomatoes and green
onions now for the vegetables and
taboule we have to chop them very very
fine we also are going to use bulur and
bulur is cracked wheat now for the SP
spices in this tabou I'm going to use
some salt some black ground pepper some
cinnamon and some all spice for the
dressing I'm using fresh squeezed lemon
juice and olive oil let's spice it up
and mix it all together when I make
taboule I like to get the dressing ready
first and how I do that is I add all the
spices to my bulur and I put the lemon
juice and the olive oil so I'm taking my
salt my ground pepper my cinnamon and my
all spice I'm going to add them with the
bulur
I'm going to take the juice of two
lemons and add them also them all in
there and what's Happening Here is we're
going to let the bul expand cuz with the
liquid it has an opportunity to get
puffier and this is going to be the meat
so to speak of the taboule it's
delicious there's two let's add two more
this is one of my all-time favorite
salads so refreshing summertime winter
time and it's a staple dish in any
Arabic family let's get all those juices
in there every last drop and let's add
our olive oil to this
mixture very
nice and I'm just going to do a nice
little blend get them all evenly
Incorporated I'm going set my bowl down
let it
expand and let's get all our veggies
into my mixing bowl put it all in there
the green onions the tomatoes
and I've got my fresh mint smells so
good and of course the main ingredient
which is the parsley look how nice
beautifully fine chop that is remember
we don't waste we use every last drop
let's give it a nice little whirl get
them all Incorporated together great my
bulle and all the spices mixture have
expanded now this is the consistency
we're looking for the lemon juice and
the olive oil absorbed inside have
allowed the B to PO up so what we're
going to do is we're going to add this
to our veggies mix it all in together
and then have some
tabou just pour it right over your
veggies in fact why don't I just use my
hands to get every little bit every last
drop of this mixture let's put our Fork
on the
side let's just get right in there and
spice it up look at that
beautiful I've come up with another way
of spicing it up I had some fresh
oregano that my mom gave me and although
normally we wouldn't use oregano and
taboule I thought why not let's spice it
up so I'm going to add it with
everything else and mix it all together
and then we'll enjoy some
taboule one last little
whirl oh I'm already smelling the
oregano it's so strong I love it see how
it comes out you can't go wrong with
fresh herbs especially when they're to
come
[Music]
by all right everybody here's my taboule
looks so beautiful I am not mad at all
the colors going on in this salad M I
hope you enjoy it as much as I'm about
ready to and with all that s
[Music]