the don't watch her chicken campaign
came out of a USDA funded grant which we
were funded to actually look for unique
food safety risks for minority
populations and so we performed focus
groups and surveys throughout the
Philadelphia area and we did identify a
couple different unique food safety
risks for minority populations but we
also identified particularly in our
focus groups that are minority
populations reported washing their
poultry sometimes with water sometimes
with warm water it was all this this
theme of washing chicken which we knew
to be incorrect from what USDA
recommends washing your raw poultry
increases your chances of spreading
bacteria around the kitchen basically it
does not get rid of the bacteria it does
not kill the bacteria however there is a
chance that it's going to spray that
bacteria it's called aerosolization so
that now it might be in your sink or on
you or on your counter or on any food
that's right next to your counter and in
fact what's really going to kill that
bacteria that we know is on the chicken
is going to be proper cooking and that's
really all that's going to completely
get rid of that bacteria we then
approached our colleagues at New Mexico
State University who had the expertise
in the development of education
materials and so their recommendations
were the fotonovela to reach a broad
range of consumers as well as the videos
so you know there's really no need to
wash your raw poultry it's raw meat it's
going to have bacteria on it but again
if you're going to cook it you don't
need to make it any cleaner generally
then then you know what it is
[Music]
you
[Music]