did you know that various essential oils
have been proven to be up to 10 times
more effective at repelling mosquitoes
than deet
make repelling mosquitoes more
affordable and safe by using an
ultrasonic diffuser
our new ultrasonic essential oil
diffuser from gentle breezes uses
ultrasonic oscillation to turn essential
oils and water into a pleasant Aroma
Mist retaining their therapeutic
benefits
the released fragrance not only makes
you feel relaxed breathe better and
sleep easier but most importantly we'll
repel mosquitoes and other insects
around the house during summer months
oil of lemon eucalyptus
catnip and piperidan are repellents that
make better alternatives to Deet fill
the water retainer with tap water up to
the maximum water level line
[Music]
add a couple of drops of your favorite
essential oil
[Music]
these essential oils can be easily
blended with equalizers such as geranium
lavender
lemongrass and Cedarwood oil to give
Synergy and a delightful balanced aroma
and covers around 300 square feet of
space
the safe auto shutoff function kicks in
when water runs out so you can even use
it while you sleep the aroma diffuser
freshes the air for seven hours
continuously
the ultrasonic diffuser is portable and
easy to use so you can create any Aroma
from your choice of essential oil or
Oils anywhere you go
create your own natural and delightful
essential oil Aroma repellent rather
than spring unhealthy toxic chemicals
around your home
the gentle breezes ultrasonic diffuser
is safe to use around children pets and
the elderly
foreign
foreign
[Music]