how's it going again my friends today
we're going to go over the full Lex
carpet and upholstery spot cleaner no
harsh chemicals not irritating to the
skin it is one of those where you kind
of spray on and watch it disappear
before your eyes what I usually do is
I'll spray it on the stain I'll irritate
it with a damp towel and then wipe and
mop up with a a clean dry one it works
well on certain spots it fails in other
areas and we'll go over those today
[Music]
well here's a great place to start
testing to Folex we have an area that
looks like coffee stains tea stains one
or two rust things definitely some juice
stains so let's see what it removes
let's see what it leaves behind general
directions are quite easy all they want
you to do is apply a generous amount on
the stain let it dwell for a few seconds
if it's if it's pretty bad and blot up I
like to apply definitely with the
generous amount but I like to follow up
with a damp microfiber and come in right
behind it with a dry a completely dry
one and mop up Folex is safe for any
color carpet or upholstery or fabric
it's non-magnetic so the spot will not
just reappear directly after cleaning or
anytime thereafter it's non-toxic not
irritating to the skin
[Music]
when adding Folex to a mixing tank for
any number of machines so let's just say
for an extractor you would want to cut
it five to one
[Music]
on this particular rug it does a great
job on the tannin stains into tan stains
usually covered the coffee tea Cola
stains like that but it's struggling
with the rust and the juice stains
pretty much the stains that it is going
to remove will be removed on the second
pass if it hasn't removed it by then the
stain will generally remain and I have
to move on to other chemicals which I
will cover in the future that remove ink
juice rust stains and it does it right
on the spot and it pretty much does it
just about every time except for if it's
been there for a long period of time
then it will take quite a few passes to
remove it so the full Lex did well
except for struggling with the juice
stains here we move on to a car matte it
has numerous stains itself will take
care of a cluster right here in the
middle it looks like some it could be
coffee I know it definitely has some
rust stains because I believe a chain
was laying on top of it as the
directions indicate we will again come
in apply generous amount on the stain
I'm going to come in with a damp
microfiber and agitate a little bit and
follow up with a dry one
[Music]
so again it immediately removed the
coffee tea or Cola stain and it left the
rust stain behind for a second pass
let's see if we can remove it again now
needless to say the area we're working
on
should be extracted or steamed or
thoroughly cleaned before we even
attempt this but we're just doing this
testing on the fly and we are actually
trying to see if they remove the stains
in the worst possible scenario on the
second pass we have success and for the
last test of the evening we'll step it
up just a little bit this is a coffee
stain mixed in with a little dirt rust
and you name it
on this particular stain it is starting
to disappear dissipate right on contact
so I believe this one is going to be no
problem at all and there we go so I'll
come in with a dry microfiber and mop up
a little bit but there we have a little
example of what the Folex
instant carpet spot remover can do I
have other spot removers coming up that
will take care of ink red wine juice and
rust stains stay tuned
alright guys so as you can see it does
well in certain stains it does well on
the coffee tea Cola your normal tannin
stains as they're called it kind of
fails a little bit on the juice stains
ink stains ketchup stains and the rust
stains I do have chemicals that will
remove those we'll cover those in later
videos but for now that was the Folex
carpet spider it comes in the normal 16
this is the 36 ounce you can get it in
just about any place around my area here
locally the Walmarts Home Depot's Lowe's
you can also add this to an extractor
cut 5 to 1 normally depending on what
kind of retaining canister you have if
you have any questions or you want to
let us know what works well on carpet or
upholstery spotting for you in your will
go ahead leave it down in the comment
box and share it with us
but till the next video this is brian
from apex detail thanks for watching
guys
[Music]