hi my name is Joanna kahill and I'm the
owner of healthy home cleaning based in
Asheville North Carolina we specialize
in green non-toxic cleaning and today
I'm going to teach you how to remove
rust from the inside of your cooking
pans So today we're going to be using
just any kind of scrubby brush that you
might have around with nice stiff
bristles on it I've got a couple lemons
here if you wanted to you could also use
lemon juice the kind that you get out of
the grocery store in the little tube
container
baking
soda and a pom Stone which you can buy
any hardware store they're fairly cheap
usually about a
dollar and vinegar which is also really
cheap and you might have it underneath
your counter or you can purchase it at
your local supermarket okay so maybe
with the best intentions you took that
pan that you really didn't want to clean
and you said that you were going to soak
it in the sink and you left it overnight
and then that night turned into a couple
days cuz the week got really busy and
suddenly you've got a pan that has lots
of rust that's flaking inside of it and
now you really don't want to clean it
but here's how you would you're going to
go ahead and take some baking
soda and go ahead and sprinkle it on the
inside of the
pan add some of that lemon juice from
our
lemon and then just a little bit of
vinegar you don't need too much
here just a
little and then go ahead and take your
scrubber and put some muscle into it get
into that rust right there it shouldn't
be that hard to come off you scrub it in
here the abrasive power the baking soda
and the acidity of the vinegar and the
lemon should work that right out
but if you're still finding that it's
too difficult you can't get it off you
can go ahead and take your pist
Stone going to want to dampen the end of
it with a little bit of
water and go ahead and work that onto it
now I would say as a disclaimer that if
you've got some really nice shiny pans
like this one that you really care about
you might not want to scrape them too
hard with this pmus Stone because it's
going to leave little scratches on there
but if you're like me and you've got
some tried and true that have been
around for a long time no one really
sees them and then you can go ahead and
use this to get that rust off and then
after we're all done and rinse out all
that debris from our pan you might have
to rinse out a couple times while you're
cleaning depending on how dirty it is
and then we're done this is Joanna
kahill with healthy home cleaning and I
want to thank you for watching how to
remove rest from your pant