hi I'm Randa Valentine editor of the
lifestyle blog everything sounds better
in French and today I'm going to show
you how to chop fresh thyme um thyme is
a delightful little herb uh that's used
in a lot of like Mediteranean cooking
it's particularly delicious with the
lamb tomato and eggs not necessarily all
at the same time but its flavor goes H
time get it but its flavor goes really
well with each of those things so a
little tip about time um if if you are
using dried time use a third less than
you would if the recipe called for fresh
time um because dried is much more
potent so just something to remember um
so we are going to talk today about
chopping time and you would do this when
you're going to actually leave time in a
recipe so you're not just like adding a
sprig and taking it out after but if
you're doing like a sauce a stew some
sort of baked dish um that's when you
would need to chop time and let it stay
in there um so really simple to do um
you're not going to use the actual stem
like the sprig you're just going to pull
the leaves off first they're really
teeny tiny as you can tell um so first
what you're going to do is just slide
the leaves off um the stem so just just
grab it and just kind of like slide it
off just pull pull pull you just kind of
like move it with your fingers and it's
okay if the very tip like if you see
this if this like very soft part of the
stem still still stays on that's
perfectly fine it's just really like the
Woody kind of Snappy bottom that you
don't want to have any part of um when
you're actually putting it into a recipe
and it will stay in there as you can see
the leaves are so small there's really
not a lot of chopping that you'll be
doing you'll just kind of be cutting in
half and really like helping to release
the
flavors um so just pull pull pull and
then I'm going to just push it together
in a little pile and kind of squeeze it
and chop chop it and so just squeeze and
chop and as you can see I'm using a
chef's knife which means I have a lot of
like knuckle clearance I'm not like
smashing my Knuckles which you know you
don't want to like hurt yourself while
cooking at least certainly not
intentionally um and if you're
interested in knife skills we're
actually going to have a series of
videos about that so stay tuned um so
I'm just chopping chopping chopping and
moving my fingers away as I do that and
just chopping time
and there we go and if you want it to be
even tinier like you want to mince it
you can give another pass through uh
whatever the consistency of time that
you want is and there you have it that's
how you chop
time thanks for watching make sure to
subscribe and if there's something that
you want to learn how to make send me an
email at request mahalo.com and don't
forget to check out our other great
videos
[Music]
[Music]