all right so one of my fans was asking
me what do I do if I have a packet of
rainbow noodles and the seasoning packet
is missing and I was like let me think
about that
so I went back took me about a week and
I came up with an answer so the answer
is if you get a pack of ramen noodles
maybe because someone took the seasoning
packet out or it was just a faulty
packet and didn't come with a seasoning
packet it is not the end of the world
okay so what you're gonna do is you're
gonna have a package of ramen noodles
without the seasoning packet which I
have onion powder but this is not
necessary but it works or you have
garlic powder and then I have some
Swanson's chicken broth okay with 33%
less sodium for all you health nuts out
there all right
so what I'm gonna do is I'm a start by
taking some onion powder putting it
inside of the rapid ramen cooker right
here
and then I'm going to open up the can of
chicken broth
all right so I'm gonna open up the can
of chicken bra all right
and then I am going to let it air out so
I'm going to take it off and let it get
some air and then I'm going to take the
raven noodles and i'm going to place it
inside of the rapid ramen cooker and
along with the crunchies alright and
then i'm instead of adding water i'm
just going to add the chicken broth up
to the line and then i'm going to put it
in the microwave for four minutes
alright after four minutes i'm going to
pull the ramen noodles out of the
microwave be careful because it will be
warm i'm going to take the ramen noodles
zoom in so you can see a little bit and
then i'm just going to stir to make sure
all the onion and broth get intertwined
with the noodles and let me tell you you
these are really good like the broth the
onion powder it is a really good potent
flavor and i'm sure you will enjoy it
goodness if you ask me absolute goodness
let me know if you have any questions