like I said back when I was out on tour
right I actually wore the product and I
ripped the product out there and really
there was there was no better glove
there really wasn't and I don't think
there still is love is fantastic
it's been around 30 years it's whether
the test of time and it's only getting
better it's nice to see the product
still out around and what's great about
it is we don't get the original black
one but those times change we want
different colors yeah I like the camo we
get the camo kind of like the camels
military contribute yeah and then for
the ladies we have the pink and doing
the
for breast cancer awareness tell us a
little bit about yourself you said you
used it absolutely in who you are
because maybe some people a lot of young
bowlers probably don't know a lot of the
older Bolden standard yeah I'm still
Eric for my time Phoebe a national
champion and
all my great years out on tour back in
the 90s I wore the Mongoose I won with
the Mongoose and I rep for Mongoose so I
like I said I think it's a great product
it was then and it is now
you know I'm in
be be a millionaire and I owe a lot to
the Mongoose all my hard work in the
Mongoose so we we had a great great time
back in the day and I'm just glad to see
the product is still available and it
looks good and they've got some new
stuff coming it still does a great job
you've got you got the lifter you still
got the lifter the lifters really good
this happens to be a left-handed glove I
happen to be left-handed so it works
well it's very comfortable I always like
the material this thing
it's got great material in the velcro is
none other never breaks last forever
it's very comfortable you can you can
adjust this the material that's in there
can be adjusted so if you want to keep
the risk square you can or you can take
the product
we bend it a little bit it bends you can
get a little more curvature in it if you
want to get your wrist a little cupped
so there's flexibility it's a it's a
very strong plastic that it can
expendable and for some people if they
just want to have the support
not the complete support you've got the
equalizer which is a little shorter the
equalizer only goes that far which
allows you to move your wrist around a
little more some players like to move
their wrist more than others
so you've got the little shorter one
you've got the longer one which is and
you actually got the best of both worlds
the optimum it gives you the the strap
you can you can strap it across on the
bottom or you can strap it across the
top some people like to have a strap
coming across that way so you have a
little bit of both in this so really
when it comes to the gloves you've got a
long one which is the lifter you've got
the equalizer the shorter one and you've
got the optimum in the middle so
technically you got all three and again
the material this is good now as it was
30 years ago material is still fantastic
it's washable
just great mature
and the colors are really cool I kind of
like the new camera they didn't have the
camo or I would have been wearing a camo
back in the day they had red and all the
different colors I remember some of the
TV shows that had on I had the red ones
on which I thought was really nice
the product is fantastic it's simple but
it does a great job and how can they go
about people look and wanting any more
information well you got it right here
on the flyer its longest longest com
longest products calm and you can go
right to their website there's I'm sure
there's distributors in the country you
have it but if you want to get it
directly just go right to the website
and I'm sure Steve would be glad to help
you with it I think it's a great it
really does give you a nice support and
it's really comfortable there's a lot of
risk risk devices that are good of
course but the material feels a little
strange on your wrist I always thought
this material breathe really well and it
was comfortable and it gave you
performance so you had all if you had
everything and that's why it's been
around
if it wasn't a good product it wouldn't
still be selling it would still be
like anything else it would have lost
its would have been a fad when it got
lost in the late 80s or 90s but here we
are and it's still around so that tells
you how good it is funny you should say
that because there was some other ones
that did go by the wayside and a lot of
them just wore it when they were on TV
and and you could see the way they were
wearing it it wasn't doing anything to
the wrists at all but you seen it on
them so that proves this is a product
that stand the test of time the people
are still you again
you know I a lot of a lot of the modern
contemporary bowlers nowadays they don't
wear anything especially the two handy
guys but I would say for you know the
moving office to the women maybe the
guys on the Senior Tour or just senior
bowlers in general they want that extra
support you're not gonna find anything
about issues degree
device it uses the training aid they
said if I want to be able a company not
be able to do that on my own but to get
the feel of what it's like and who I'm
develop into it yeah this thing is not
you know it doesn't have any
interchangeable pieces but you can
adjust the plastic on it and if you want
the full support you got it and again if
you want if you want the little shorter
support and I used to like it when I
when the lanes for a certain if the
lanes were say hooking and I wanted to
spin the ball a little more I would go
to the short one but if the lanes were
kind of slick I'm going back into the
late 80s Early 90s before they had all
the crazy bowling balls back then the
balls were a little more sane when you
had to get him over heavy roll and I
would go to the long one to get the good
lift and that's the pence the name of
the lift
so you know you can still use these
products even in today's environment
it's not just from the past is that you
can definitely still using them when I
fall locally I still learn
that brings up product availability for
the fans is fill up their bowling we got
to see you will we see you on the PBA 50
well you know I bowled the two here of
town and I think it's third at the
senior US Open and I made the match play
finals and the Masters and I'm trying to
actually come back a little bit and get
into some senior bowling then funny all
the guys have all against on the PBA 54
all the guys able to get hits before so
but if the competition is still through
the ceiling you're still bowling against
Hall of Famers and I love it and kind of
brought back a lot of memories the few
weeks I've bowled here in Vegas it's
great and the products is the Mongoose
products absolutely its longest products
there's still up in Grass Valley
again I've tried a lot of devices
throughout my career and I always seem
to go back to this one
this is like the nice comfortable glove
that gets the job done
again I said it before it's just a
really good product and it's it's it's
it lasted to the test of time and here
it is no going and they support the
troops and they support the troops yes
they do and of course awareness breast
cancer awareness
yes well tera Eva's done a great job I'm
Lida still around thanks a lot
appreciate coming on to promote the
product absolutely we'll be looking
forward to talking to you on the show we
will and I'm gonna have you come on our
show down the road
thank you everybody