[Music]
hi there's grilling fish just scare the
Daylights out of you in this episode
we're going to take that fear right away
from you in the next few minutes we're
going to show you how not to overcook a
fish and how make certain that it
doesn't stick to the grill whether it's
a whole fish like you see here or a
steak or a fillet we'll make you a fish
expert
[Music]
I really like using a gas grill when I'm
cooking fish it gives me fabulous
temperature control when you're doing a
soft protein like fish having that
temperature control is great when I'm
preheating the grill for fish I like to
preheat it full blast at high helps the
proteins adhere better gives us a better
release if you notice here we've got
leftover protein sauce whatever from the
last time we used the grill we're
actually going to use the heated the
grill and this high heat to help us get
rid of that steel brush or brass brush
you want to get as much of this off as
you possibly can before you put the fish
on okay I think we can put some fish on
the grill the first dish we're going to
work on today is fish tacos fish tacos
are great they're a lot of fun there
also a great way to show off the flavors
of either halet or this is cod remember
when you go to the fish store you're
buying what's freshest not necessarily
what's called for in a recipe you want
want to hear that Sizzle that means that
you've gotten the grill hot enough to
where the proteins are reacting properly
with the grill remember part of the
issue about grilling fish is having a
good amount of fat oil or some sort of
lubricant so that we're not having that
sticking problem that everybody
including me is is afraid of so what
we've done here is we've got oil in the
marinade that we did in the cod we're
also going to throw some tuna steaks on
here at the same time and we've wrapped
our tuna steaks in bacon and we've
actually brushed them with a little
additional oil
all right patience and close the lid
always cook with your lid closed whether
you're doing charcoal or gas okay we've
had the tuna and we've had the Cod on
for a couple of minutes it's time to
turn them and do some other stuff with
them the tuna is an easy
flip with just a pair of
tongs this is what you're looking for
you want to see that bacon getting
crisp now we're going to take lemon
garlic
butter brush it
lightly over
this probably going to get a little bit
of flare up so we're probably going to
cut our heat down just a little
bit now the handy dandy fish spatel
we're going to use those and if we need
two we'll we'll use two just going to
take them flip them over and notice that
I'm being kind of gentle with this cod
as I start to flip it one of the essence
of getting really great fish Off The
Grill making sure that your fillets are
fairly thick don't ever try to get too
much thinner than these filets right
here or you're going to have some
problems turning them just making sure
that it releases from the grill really
nice and just flip it close the lid
let's let them cook for a few more
minutes feels like our tenis steaks are
pretty well done let's get them off the
grill and over to our platter and as
soon as they come off let's hit them one
more time with our lemon garlic
sauce these are ready to
eat okay let's get this CAU off for
these wonderful fish tacos that we're
going to make now done as a fish you
want to see nice separation see this
doesn't really flake as much as it
separates still stays pretty much in
chunks you want to see this nice opaque
color slightly past translucent and now
we know we've got really nice moist fish
all right let's get these guys off the
grill fingers are always appropriate
let's get us some tortillas and make
these things up okay I hope you're
comfortable with fish filets and fish
steaks now but nothing is much more
impressive to cook on a grill than a
whole fish so let's open up the grill
we've got our smoke going on but we
can't cook a whole fish over a direct
flame this is where we get into that two
Zone Fire that we talked about in an
earlier episode on a gas grill it's
simple we're just going to totally cut
off the back two burners on a charcoal
grill it's that two Zone Fire again
you're going to put the fish fish the
whole fish over that area where the
direct charcoal heat is not now I love
to do trout maybe because I'm from North
Carolina we get a lot of good trout in
that area and I like to stuff it with
Italian herbs it kind of gives it that
sort of woodsy flavor here I've basted
these fish with mayonnaise mayonnaise is
basically oil so it's going to help us
lubricate on the grill so the fish don't
stick it's also going to help seal a
little moisture in here so let's get the
fish on the
grill now this part I like to do with my
hands you know God gave us great tools
we might as well use them I'm going to
grab it and I'm going to go back
remember I cut the burners off back here
in the back you're still going to hear a
little
Sizzle it's going to take a minute for
the heat to dissipate back
here let's get these wonderful wonderful
trout on the grill nice little whisk of
smoke going on over
here close the grill down
let's give them a few minutes to
themselves okay I think these trout have
probably gotten comfortable with each
other introduce themselves and are ready
to flip now remember in this episode we
told you we were going to teach you how
to do this so it didn't
stick two
spatulas even if they're big take two
spatulas and like I've told you before I
really like these fish spatulas they're
worth the $17 investment that you're
going to make in them all right so let's
go with these guys just kind of work
yourself under the
fish just to loosen it from the
grill then put both spatulas underneath
the fish remember this side of the fish
is not hot use it and just roll it
over I like to pull the skin back and
make sure that it's really pretty
because it's going to make a better
presentation so let's do it one more
time take your two
spatulas loosen the fish carefully from
the grill
take this hand and use it to help guide
the fish as you
flip see that mayonnaise really does the
trick and you're not going to taste it I
wish you guys could smell this these
herbs are just giving off this great
Aroma you're going to love this it's a
fabulous dish and it's very
impressive okay it's been about 10
minutes our fish should be done actually
whole fish are a little bit easier to
check than maybe even filets or steaks
because you've already got a little
pocket that you can go looking in best
thing to do is just ease up right
through there and look right to the Bone
see how nice white opaque that is not
translucent anymore we're in good shape
let's get these fish off the grill and
let's eat