[Music]
all right guys so we have
the Zep commercial
all-in-one premium pressure washing
concentrate now this does say to delute
it 1 to 20 which is 6 oz per gallon of
water probably can't see that there but
6 oz per gallon which with the automatic
soap delusion you can do believe it's a
gallon so we get to put 6 ounces in and
then just fill the rest up with
water hey guys so this is the first time
that I've used the soap dispenser on
this unit and going into it I was very
skeptical especially since I've used
soap dispensers on other pressure
washers and have not been as impressed
one thing I liked about the design of
this one specifically is that the cap
kind of gets in the way normally and
pouring in the water would be
frustrating if you didn't have a way to
get it out of the way so one small thing
is that you can actually kind of attach
it underneath the plastic of the unit
and get it out of the way I know that's
a small thing but it was nice to be able
to pour the water in without having to
have another hand to get the cap out of
the
way obviously the other option would be
to use your hose to fill up the soap
dispenser however if you've already
attached the hose to your pressure
washer or simply need to refill the soap
dispenser mid wash which happened to me
several times you're going to want to
have a bucket of water or some other way
to fill up the soap
dispenser so once you have the pressure
washer filled up and ready to go the
first thing that you want to do with
this soap and pressure washer and really
with any soap and pressure washer is
first wet the surface so what I'm doing
here is just getting the front of the
trailer wet and then switching it over
to the soap mode now this pressure
washer has two different soap modes it
has a jet mode and then a wide angle
soap mode I personally did not like the
jet mode I preferred the wide angle uh
fan mode and it seemed to provide a
better coverage the jet mode was
basically a stream of water or soap in a
very direct area and didn't seem to
provide the soap coverage that I was
looking for the fan definitely provided
a better soap coverage now speaking of
the soap attachment or that uh the the
attachment there at the end it does
allow you to quickly switch between the
soap and
water uh different fan modes or
different angle modes very
quickly I was definitely skeptical of
that attachment previous to using this
unit and after this one wash was very
very pleased in fact at one point I had
to climb on top of the trailer to spray
off and being able to switch
the soap and water quickly on top
without having to climb down and get the
different attachment or have them in my
pocket was very
nice so guys that's how the soap sprayer
works I've used it a couple times since
and have really enjoyed it it definitely
doesn't replace scrubbing by hand but
makes the process of spreading the soap
on whatever you're watching much easier
and faster thanks for watching guys
don't forget to like subscribe and tell
me what tool you want to see next in the
comments
[Music]
below