hi welcome to this mini episode of Anne
of green Gardens springtime is here and
beautiful things like roses are blooming
and making lots of great fragrances in
your garden and unfortunately also
attracted to these roses are a tiny
insect called the aphid if you've never
seen an even before I'm going to show
you what they look like after wintertime
a lot of them just start to appear out
of nowhere their eggs have been
overwintering just waiting for this
moment and waiting for the temperature
to be just right some of them have wings
some of them don't and if you see the
little white bits that are all over the
roses those are called a feed castings
which are their skin so they're getting
bigger and bigger and as they get bigger
they shed these castings so one of the
neat things that can happen on your
roses is you'll also see some friendly
little folks like this ladybug I think
this ladybug is trying to take a nap
right now and I keep disturbing it so as
you can see it's just trying to rest
there but during the day the ladybug
likes to walk around and wander and find
a food which it can grab ahold of and
suck the juices out of now unfortunately
for the ladybug there are other
creatures around like ants a lot of
times people think ants eat their plants
but they really don't ant really like to
eat the honeydew on a feed so when you
touch your plants and they're really
sticky that's because the a feeds are
giving off this sticky substance called
honeydew that honeydew is sort of like
milk in a way that aphids are like cows
and the ants are like farmer so they're
taking advantage of that situation some
ways you can get rid of aphids are by
using something from the store called a
safer soap and you want to use that
rather than your own formulated soap
because then you'll know what
it and you can spray that on there and
that will get rid of the aphids and
other bad bugs just remember that it
also can kill ladybugs and other
beneficial insects so look where you
spray before you spray and also remember
that above 80 degrees unfortunately this
can also harm your plants so I hope I've
given you enough information on how to
get rid of aphids and be able to enjoy
roses in your garden and remember you
won't be able to get rid of every single
a-fib you've got to leave a few for the
ladybugs
so until next