so this year's is gonna be a little
video a little review video about the
Klean Kanteen so if you are regular to
my videos you'll know that I've I use
this to make a number of sounds before
and you can see in the bottom I don't
see if you can get a focus on that she's
been around a while and I mean you know
carrying a range of water is something
that's important water is what you are
mostly so you know you want to try and
drink as clean of water as you can so I
try and recommend filtered water so I
thought it's time for a little Christmas
present so fill myself another Klean
Kanteen water bottle so this is how it
comes so this one here is the brushed
version and this one here is the shiny
version so I'm currently at times
needing more water than what one of
these can handle so what's better than
one is to have two so the reason why I
like this is because it's all stainless
steel there's a little bit of bamboo on
top and a little bit of silicon and what
I found with water bottles is that the
more intricate the design is for example
for kids water bottles and the more
plastic and rubber and stuff on it the
more crap grows on it so this one here
has been really good I will see if we
can get the camera to focus in on this
give it a second it's quite slow
have a look there's only a little bit of
crap growing on this and I do clean it
regularly and you can easily take it off
and so the stainless steels easy to
clean and the silicones not too bad
this needs actually a bit of clean it's
getting a bit actually bit of bacteria
and crap on it now but other than that
and I've had this thing for four five
years now and it's held up to the boots
pretty well this part comes out so every
now and again I've got to put it down
grab a hammer Dibble a whack but it's
quite durable this is the Klean Kanteen
reflect steel silicon and bamboo mats
that's it beautiful and simplicity and
deliberate in its design the reflect is
handcrafted from stainless steel food
grade silicon and sustainably harvest
bamboo
there are just three materials unified
perform a function the first of a kind
again we believe we believe less is more
so thank you for choosing the reflect
bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla give it
a wife never freeze the Klean Kanteen it
can cause serious damage and void the
warranty so it's a it's like one of my
favourite things I carry it around with
me everywhere so I thought I'd get
another one so it has a little bit of
bamboo so I put a bit of like oil and a
lot coconut oil olive oil just to sort
of keep it going
which I do sometimes do this one and
thoroughly recommended product I love
this product it's just one piece of
stainless steel another piece of
stainless steel this one's taken five
years of abuse it's just a few dims on
the bottom from being drops yeah just
got to clean the silicon the silicon
does build up crap the nice if they gave
you a spare one so for my regular
subscribers I like to mate some strange
sounds
so what better way to test this let me
drink some water first it's a little bit
of water in there put the lid on and
make some strange unique sounds
so that is the Klean Kanteen reflect not
really recommended from Dimitri as you
can see five five years of abuse a few
bumps on the bottom so I'm looking
forward to another five years of abuse
and another ten years of abuse and
neglect yes I am like a big fan of
trying just to keep everything nice and
clean and simple and this is something
that I carry around with me practically
every day and yeah I guess it's a really
valuable product that I carry and use
every day so strongly recommend using
filtered water so to try and remove all
of the crap in the water so when you
tinker that's nice and clean
you