how's it going well I've been out here
in the backyard today I've actually
taken a couple of different bits of
footage on how we control aphids one of
them is a natural method meaning we use
other biology in the garden to do the
job for us
one method is a mechanical method and I
was just about to go up to the house and
I noticed on our walk row we have
another outbreak so I just thought I'd
show you this here we go here now how's
that for an aphid attack so they're
absolutely peppering underside of these
leads doing about those grubs there I'll
be squishing them in a minute but the
aphids I'm going to leave because I'm
going to show you one method of control
that I've used successfully before what
it is is a 1 is to 100 mix of liquid
soap this here is actually the leftover
from the last time I've had to use it
and it stores well the idea behind it is
the detergent actually washes off the
protective waxy coating of the aphids
then they basically dry out and die so
this is simple is making up your 1 is to
100 mix putting some sort of spray
device actually I should probably do the
top up properly so it holds pressure and
we'll give it a few more pumps I think
it's partly mechanical in that some of
them might wash off actually just to
show you there there's a ladybug limp
they're having a bit of feast on some so
we might try and give him a miss we'll
get these guys under here instead and up
under there on top of this one so I try
and leave that ladybugs alone so it's a
pretty basic easy control method there's
some more up in here
give them a bit of a hose down we'll see
how we go over the next couple of days
of these guys in let's just taking care
of some aphids and it just clicked it I
haven't really seen this method of aphid
control mentioned online was actually
shared with me by a good friend Dell do
they dealt and yeah she's a
horticulturist from way back she shared
this with me and to tell the truth I'm
only just starting to use it now mainly
because we have a massive infestation
I've actually started but I do have a
photo from yesterday of one of the
branches that was infested by these
little guys so it's a really really
simple simple method of control and all
it really involves is your garden hose
so just a massive jet of water I'll just
show you some aphids I haven't blasted
off already and as you can see I don't
know how well this is going to come up
Clary here we have them all up and down
the stalk here now it's just a matter of
blasting them off with the water there's
some more up there some more under that
leaf section over there now what it does
is it basically it kills them because
Athens are a soft softer insect softer
shell insect when they hit the blast of
water pretty much will not only does it
knock them off the plant so they can't
get there will find their way back but
it also damages the outside of them so
I'm pretty much all just going to go
around this whole snake being here
that's pretty much well being left to go
to see it anyway but I don't want the
aphids to spread to other plants in the
patch it's a whole heap on this beam
here on this side I don't want them to
arm spread to other bits and pieces in
here we have some brassicas down here
Tomatoes over there and also my my
favorite chili plants my market chili
over here and I don't want him being
infected with aphids again he has been
in the past
I mean knocked them off so yeah I just
thought I'd share that with you I'll
give it a bit of a spray and show you
how easy it is some down here on these
beans down here Oh a nice infestation so
it's as easy as
giving them a good blast with the hose
now that's got them all off from this
side you turn it around low and they're
still suck on the other side all I'm
going to do is just go around this plant
and give it a nice great big burst with
the water there's something there that
haven't been washed off from my earlier
attempt so there you go a very quick and
easy eight foot control method the other
thing is - it really annoys the ants all
the answer down the bottom hand they're
the ones that actually farm these aphids
and bring them up I'll just come down to
check these okra stabbed all these lady
beetles and some more up here under
there well there's a couple getting a
bit busy there
leave them alone give them some privacy
I just thought I'd show you these these
are Athens is running away I just gave
them a bit of a prod before and this is
the branch or the leaf I sprayed
yesterday as you can see covered in
aphids if I give them a bit of a poke
just run my finger lightly over the top
of them here sorry big Larry
none of them are moving actually I see
one out of all those aphids there's one
just doing that it's moving a little bit
so I actually think that that spray is
done the job some little green greener
looking asses up the top here we'll just
try and disturb them a little bit touch
him lightly and again there's only one
moving out of all those aphids I just
touched the rest on Oh - and moving
there so I actually think that
detergents done a fairly good job just
add these guys a bit none of them are
moving whatsoever so maybe that I just
miss spraying this little tip up here
because those guys definitely are moving
so how about over here we'll have a look
at a few other leaves just to get a few
get a bit of a cross-section I just
brush that the whole heap just fell off
so just annoy these guys
not moving whatsoever I think up here I
sprayed as well so I'll just check up
here so I get a good look at all of them
there's an ant running around on there
so maybe their ass I'm alive I'm here
still just touch a few spots see what
happens and I can't see any aphids
moving at all so no they're just falling
off so I think that soap has actually
done the trick and these guys still seem
to be happy because I notice just on
there this is on this one yeah there we
go there's a tiny ladybird nymph they're
having a feast there's a ladybird eating
one on here as well earlier I saw anyway
can't find him for now so there was a
ladybug nymph on there heating as well
so well there we go here's one there so
sorry guys we'll leave you alone so
there you go there's a couple of
different ways to look after a fits you
don't need all the poisonous sprays and
pyrethrins pie various forms good it
works it's not that poisonous to humans
but it will kill beneficial insects as
well so obviously the dishwashing liquid
didn't do much damage to those nymphs or
those ladybugs suppose I'll pretty much
we'll leave it there any comments
questions suggestions drop them in the
comment section below and I'll get back
to you other than that
hope you all have a great one ketchup
you saw a couple of other beetles up
here a couple of beetles I haven't seen
before unless II need a bit privacy