hi there Jody D from ask patty.com
Automotive advice for women I'm here
today at one of my certified female
friendly locations poeny Hills Hundai to
show you how to check your brake pads
your brakes are one of the most
important safety items on your vehicle
and checking your brakes on a regular
basis I recommend at every oil change
you can never overcheck your brakes this
is the one item in your car that that
one can cost you your life if it's not
kept in repair and two can be a very
expensive repair if you do not rep
replace your brake pads before you've
damaged the rotors so we're going to
take a few couple steps here for quick
inspection that can keep you safe and
save you some money okay I'm here today
with Javier and he is actually going to
help me show you how to inspect uh and
measure your brake pads but before we do
that
I wanted to let you know that you can
actually do a brake pad inspection on
the outer brake pads without taking the
wheel light off like we've done looking
right through your wheel but to do a
thorough inspection of both pads the
inner and outer we've actually taken the
wheel off and we're actually going to
take the guard off so we get a good look
at the brake pad so you understand where
the brake pads are and the measuring
technique now we're going to measure the
width of the brake pad now you're going
to be using a measuring tool best if it
measures 30 seconds of inches but you
can use a regular ruler and what you're
going to do is place it along the outer
pad and what you're looking for is the
outer brake pad here and brake pads need
to be replaced around A4 of an inch
thick when they get down to an eighth of
an inch thick you definitely need to
replace them because you're in danger of
damaging the components of your brake
system you want to measure the outer pad
and the inner pad sometimes brake pads
wear unevenly this may be due to a stuck
caliper if you have that happen and
actually that could be different on each
wheel then you need to take your car in
and have your calipers checked because a
stuck caliper can hint not only wear
your brake pads but hinder your braking
capabilities jod D asked Patty
Automotive advice for women just to wrap
it up
it's very important to check your inner
and outer brake pads on a regular basis
I recommend doing that at every oil
change your brakes are the one item
that's going to stop that car and it's
important safety feature that you need
to maintain and check your owner's
manual for the brake replacement
interval recommended for your car and
that's being safe smart and car savvy