hey YouTube so I just recently purchased
these rubber mats for my Toyota 4runner
and these things smell horrible
they smell like chemicals and just the
nastiest rubber smell enough to make you
gag so I want to get rid of that smell
I'm gonna show you how to do that today
with if you're purchasing any rubber
floor mats like this all-weather wants
how to get that smell out because if you
bought these before you know what I'm
talking about it's just a nasty horrible
smell
don't want to smell that every time
getting in the truck so what you're
gonna need is just any kind of soap so I
got some dawn here just dish soap and
then you're gonna want to get some white
wine vinegar doesn't matter just vinegar
works so I'm gonna start off by filling
up this bucket that I have here with
enough water just to cover the floor
mats and I'm gonna put this stuff in
I'll show you how to do that so let's go
ahead and put the water in
okay so now that I got the water in the
bucket what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
come over here with some soap got my
handy little brush here which is gonna
help me scrub that onto the floor mats
and what I'm gonna do now take the floor
mats throw them in here into the water
take some soap you can see is dumping it
in there don't be afraid to get that
nice and silky kind of stirring up the
soap so it mixes with all the floor mats
so I got the soap in there now that I
got the soap in there what I'm gonna do
here is take the vinegar and you know I
would like to use you know at least a
cup of it if not a little more doesn't
matter opening this brand new bottle
here so what I'm gonna do
go ahead and dump this in like so slow
pouring but you can see just getting
this in here like this okay that looks
about enough now that I've got that in
there
all up in all the floor mats okay so now
that I've got that in there what I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna wait at least 30
45 minutes leave these sitting here come
back to it
we'll get the water out wash them off
see how they do okay so it's been about
25 minutes now what I'm going to do is
just go ahead and turn the map mats over
inside this bucket here and it will just
kind of restore everything up and just
set them let them sit for about another
20 minutes or so pull them out wash them
off see how they smell see if it's done
its job kind of stirring it up a little
bit set them back under water there and
like I said we'll give it about another
20 minutes or so and then we'll take
these that help wash them off with fresh
water and again see how they smell from
there okay sitting in here about 50
minutes or so now and they've been
sitting here obviously in this soap and
this vinegar mixture so what I'm going
to do is wash them with fresh water now
and then I'm gonna let them dry out and
see if they smell afterwards I'm excited
to see the results of this
okay so I've had the Matt sitting in
there for about 50 minutes or so in the
soap and the vinegar and I've got them
dried out now I'm ready to see how they
smell so usually what I do is I let you
sit in there for at least a day or so
in that mixture of the vinegar and soap
but I wanted to test it out really quick
and see how it would deal with in under
an hour
see if would actually fully take the
smell away so here we go it's see how it
is yeah I mean yeah it's definitely
taking a lot of the smell out
surprisingly a lot less strong chemical
and rubber smell now you're smelling
just a little bit of vinegar but you're
still smelling a little plastic eat that
rubbery chemical smell what I'm gonna do
is I'm gonna let these sit in there in
that bucket for the rest of the evening
and tomorrow they should be good so
we'll go ahead and do that right now
and that was my video here I'm showing
you how to quickly clean your rubber
floor mats from new when you buy them
from the store all-weather mats it's a
it's fairly quick but I would let this
sit overnight under an hour they do the
job really well but again I want to get
this fully out so I'm going to leave
them in there overnight thanks for
watching everybody until next time