[Music]
tripping on the
glasses please take your time but I
won't be here
forever for Taking
Chances okay so to make the candles you
are going to need a candle of your
choice to melt or you can use multiple
ones depending on what you feel
um you're going to need a Pyrex
container a mason jar or mason jars
depending on how many you want to make
scissors and some cotton string so first
you're going to take the candle that you
want to make and you're going to place
it in a glass pyrus container and put
the pyrus container in the microwave and
you're going to melt it in 30 second
intervals I think mine took about 5
minutes and then you're going to want to
take it out of the microwave
with oven mitts because it's going to be
really hot and you don't want to burn
yourself so then you're going to want to
place your candle wax on your table and
then measure some string a little bit
shorter than the height of the Mason jar
cuz this is going to be the wick of the
candle so make it a little bit shorter
than the jar itself and then you're
going to dip the cotton string in the
melted wax and this is going to make the
wick so just hold it above the container
until it's hard and then you can start
pouring the wax into the jar while
you're waiting for the wick to um
finish solid itting solid whatever
becoming a solid that's what I
meant and yeah so you're just going to
pour the wax in there and it's going to
change colors it looks kind of cool
actually it's kind of like fogging over
so after you pour the wax in the jar you
are going to place the lid on top and
don't put the wick in there just yet I'm
just putting a another coat of the wax
on the string cuz it didn't do a good
enough job the first time around um but
after you pour the waxing you're going
to want to put the lid on the jar and
place this in the fridge you can either
do this overnight I recommend doing it
for like an hour or an hour and a half
cuz then you can stick the wick in there
pretty easily so I'm just putting it in
the fridge for
[Music]
now
te all right so it's been an hour and a
half and I'm taking the candle out of
the fridge and I'm going to put the wick
in there and you're all done so now you
can light your candle and enjoy your
mason jar candle so yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed this tutorial be sure to follow
me on all the social media I will leave
it in the down bar and at the end of
this video be sure to subscribe to my
channel and I will see you guys next
time thanks for watching
bye you know
me look at me I'm walking the the so see
I F A Li and build the galy
C we balling boy man look at M they
don't like it we Bing boy J look at the
M they don't like it we Bing