hi guys so a lot of you requested that I
do a DIY chore chart and I wanted to
come up with something that was just a
little more interesting than the
traditional sticker charts so today I'm
going to show you two alternatives that
will make chore time more fun and also
double as cute room decor I'm Brooke and
I'm passionate about making beautiful
things for my family on a budget
first up are these chore charts in a jar
they're so easy to make all you're gonna
need are some wooden craft sticks a
sharpie or label maker washi tape two
small jars and some sticker labels first
we're gonna make the chore sticks and
you're just gonna select some washi tape
Lincoln actually helped me pick some of
these colors and apply it to the stick
you can cover the whole thing but I like
to leave a little tab at the top and
then just go ahead and trim the edge
around the bottom and it should look
like this now you're going to continue
the same thing on the rest of your six
once all your sticks are done we're
going to write our chores on them I'm
going to use a label maker since I have
terrible handwriting but you could even
write the chores directly on the tab
that we left blank
or on the back of the stick and when
those are all done you can start
sticking them on now we're going to
label our jars I'm just going to use
these two little chalkboard stickers and
we're going to write to do on one and
done on the other and put them on the
jar I'm using these glass jars that I
found at Michaels but you could also use
tin cans and wrap scrapbook paper around
them and we're done
no pun intended now we're just gonna put
our sticks in the to do jar and
hopefully by tonight they'll all be in
the done lucky for me Lincoln actually
likes cleaning off his favorite thing to
do is help me with the laundry and this
adds another fun element to chore time
okay all done
next up is this adorable magnetic chore
board all you're gonna need is a
magnetic board wooden Realms adhesive
magnets some sticker letters washi tape
and markers
first we're gonna apply our cardboard
stickers to the magnetic board this is
also a dry erase board which I like but
you can use any magnetic surface I've
seen a cute one going around Pinterest
that actually uses a baking tray so now
we're going to mark our columns off with
washi tape okay perfect
this already looks so cute we have our
two columns and now we're going to add
some magnets I'm just using these
one-inch wooden crafts rounds and these
adhesive magnets peel off the sticker
and stick it on the back of the wood
it's as easy as that now I'm going to
use a different color sharpie to write a
chore on each one you could also use a
sticker with a picture on it if your
kids are too young to read and I've
linked some really great
in the description below these look
great you might have noticed that these
are kind of toddler chores that I've
linked a chart below that has
age-appropriate chores for older kids as
well I love the way this turned out and
it looks super cute hanging in a kid's
room or playroom alright I hope these
ideas help you feel organized and get
your kids excited for chore time thanks
so much for watching don't forget to
subscribe and we'll see you next Friday
bye guys
I have oh I got a call we're busy doing
our chores Lincoln I'll call you back
you