welcome back to my channel and we have
here three the god of cakepops again I
hope you enjoyed our last video where we
got to see behind the scenes and get to
know in today a little bit and today
he's gonna share us his secrets on how
to make cake pops alright what are the
ingredients so and we need cakes so here
we have red velvet cake so if you're
really lazy these are my scraps if I
don't waste my scrap that's how I
started making it you can use a cupcake
and then just leave the frosting later
we need chocolate so these are melted
down chocolate which we will talk about
later a little bit more cream cheese
milk we have some meringues this
strawberry coated rice krispies
some not in flavor this is just
vegetable oil so it's non flavored and
yeah the coloring here it's oil-based
coloring and then you need some baking
paper and spatula pretty much that's
deep my first tip were to use the right
type of cake so nothing too spongy so
anything like she falls buttons are
genuine unfortunately I find I'm not
suitable to make you pop because that's
too airy and light and then you just
crush the cake down and it doesn't
really give you any texture so you want
something that has a bit more body to it
today we're using red velvet and then
I'm just gonna crush it with a Kitchen
Aid this will do the job
second tip would be try not to find your
cactus a lot of the cakepop processes
that you crush the kagan and you buying
it again with buttercream I find that it
makes the cake too oily so when you have
little cracks a little hole that's not
colored properly the oil is not to seek
power from the cake so what I like to
use instead of the river but it has
really well the cream cheese before
proceeding I like to add a bit of
texture to this so I have just some
chocolate coated right 50 so this way I
can get from a baker store so just be
gentle you don't want to cross this way
just a little bit so for those who
doesn't have a mall like a popsicle more
you can always still make this just way
the cake so it's about 40 grams each
here and then just roll it into like a
long locked shape press it down a bit
popsicles industry you don't need them
all yeah anyway you probably have like
the consistent size of it so yeah this
would work really well too when you push
it in the mall you can put this in the
fridge until it's all set
so by said I'm eating the cake pattern
and it's easier for you to push out from
the mold like that roughly how long
right so it depending on the type of
cake that you use so if you have like
something that's really dense like a mud
cake that would take longer
so anything lighter like the butter
pound cake over it well because it's so
buttery it's like a lot quicker when we
are dipping the cake we try not to dip
the cake fashion of the fridge of reason
so you need to let it sit in room
temperature for a little bit so here we
have some melted chocolate usually
before I dip my cake I will just check
the consistency this sounds pretty good
good so I just dip my spatula give it a
tap so when it's just lightly coating
the spatula yeah it's good enough if
it's toothpicks
we have fetch the ball we can always pin
it out so make sure you color your
chocolate with the right form of color
so this one here it's oil base
one of my favorite design is with the
crushed meringue either that does
absolutely from style or the bubble but
make sure it's not just the stick
[Music]
thank you so much for watching I hope
you enjoyed watching right as much as I
did and learn all these secrets about
cake pops
you made it look so easy right it is
very easy
check out his Instagram there's so many
more drool-worthy cake pops up there
they're like really cool designs and you
have a website yeah yeah go check it out
if you want to do that you can get the
t-shirt yeah I can send me a message I
mean so yeah yeah come say hi and don't
forget to subscribe it like and thank
you so much for watching see you next
time