hi this is Kevin with advanced leather
solutions with me today is Dave Sweeney
we're going to demonstrate how to do a
color change on this piece of furniture
the client bought this furniture sits in
our house doesn't particularly like the
color anymore so we're going to take
this to a chocolate or more like a
coffee bean Brown the client has
approved the color and so we're going to
do a video that shows the sequence of
events necessary to do a color change so
what we're going to do is we're going to
do some testing of the adhesion that's
on the leather initially then we're
going to prime the leather to accept the
new color after it's past the adhesion
test then we're going to apply the color
but do a small test to make sure that
the adhesion of the new color is good
and then we're going to a top coating
and so with that let's start with the
very first component which is to do our
initial adhesion testing now so Dave how
do we do that alright we're just taking
off a piece of masking tape and not
putting on them leather
scraping it with our nail so how hard
are you pressing Dave not very hard just
enough to embed it into the leather okay
so and then what we're going to do is
just give it a good rip right there
alright so what are we looking for we're
looking for looking to see if the finish
is actually on the piece of tape or was
still on the levant alright now if we
had bad adhesion it would be on the tape
okay and if that was the case what would
we do if that was the case then we'd
have to prime very aggressive so change
now clean the leather Dave is going to
use an exfoliating glove that you see
that he has on his hand and we're going
to use our sg5 a leather cleaner to
clean the leather and that's going to
take any of the potential inhibitors
that we have on the leather now that
would interfere in some way with
adhesion the doing this before we prime
the leather before we go any further
that I want to show you something go
ahead and take that cushion up notice
that what we do we tape all the non
leather components off so that we have a
clean finished product looks like you
came out of the factory the best way to
tape is we've taped the perimeter first
all the way around the edge and then
fill in once we've got the perimeter
tape with this masking tape
we want to make sure you do a careful
job I'm taping off so that when done
it's a truly professional job so talk to
me about the cleaning step date what are
you going to do all right well first
what I'm going to do is make about a
quarter sized dollop on my hand okay so
I'm gonna rub a circular manner is a
surfactant based cleaner that of course
we make here at advancement of Rouge it
has excellent cleaning properties it
lifts the soil off of the leather and
that's what Dave's talking about leaving
it on for about a minute to give it an
opportunity and do its thing look at the
soil incoming okay and it's good to go
right down the crease lines with your
finger they get deep down inside raises
rather than going just directly across
so that that's one reason why this glove
really really helps because it gives you
don't work a cleaner to dry you want to
make sure that you keep it moist
otherwise it's just going to be more
difficult to take up the the soapy
residue you can use a towel
we prefer using the Scot rags which is
basically a paper towel produced by the
Scott Paper Company it's sort of an
industrial grade towel look at the
soiling coming up okay the second pass
is necessary right and so you want to
turn the rag of course to a clean
section so the end not just super moving
the dirt around on the piece now once
the piece is clean we're then able to
actually begin the main priming step
which is the application of a primer to
the leather that accelerates or it
enhances I should say the adhesion Larry
to drive the primer into the fiber
structure if there was chaste leather on
this piece we would then also sand the
leather to knock down that chafing
before we actually began the priming
process but if there was chafed leather
that means that the pores of the leather
are open or the actual leather itself is
open no longer covered with the PERT
with the with the finish in which case
we would use our pr1 primer which is the
primer that is intended for unfinished
leather so if it's an unfinished leather
you would actually drive the primer in
using a scratchy pad and the very high
use areas the tops of the seats the tops
of the arms the inside backrest you may
use in
exfoliating glove and you can use the
exfoliating glove on the side panels as
well we call this actually a priming
glove or a can you just do a simple wipe
on so with that
Dave's going to pick it up for actually
how we're going to prime this piece
using a wipe on process because the
leather is in excellent shape we don't
need to be very aggressive
so go ahead Dave it's all we're going to
do is soak a white rag and then just
which medium force just rub into the
leather all right and you'll see that um
some color comes up but it will be
alright because we're going to be
refinishing that what we're going to
demonstrate is the color application of
the base color and so Dave why don't you
take it off from there okay so we're
going to do is apply the of the base
color and how we're going to do it is
we're going to get a standard um spray
gun so that's an HT LP gun isn't it
right bo fee alright and what we're
going to do is just adjust the pressure
to make up to happen right pebble
droplets and here what we want do is
have a fine pebble droplet so it's not
so it breaks on contact whenever I
surface alright and so uh and what's the
deal with the brush the first thing what
we're going to do is use a brush as we
asked spray and we're going to be
brushing it in to get into the all the
arm the grains of 11 okay so the
mechanical action of brushing actually
helps to drive the color into the
leather short so help that helps to have
that so this is what the cushion looks
like after one pass of color notice how
blotchy the color is you should expect
that remember one of the objectives is
to apply light light coats david is
heating it then basically getting the
water content of the finishes out of the
out of the mixture and as soon as that's
fully dry we're going to be able to
apply the next color coat
keep in mind that each color coat
requires as light a hand as possible you
don't want to put a lot of color on
rather you want to build the color up
slowly and so you can see have lachchi
that first color coat it
had three color coats on this question
casing and there's a couple of things
that we want to do number one want to
point out that to some closing work that
we have to do so Dave talk about that
okay because it was a complete color
change from orange to brown we could see
in the crease lines and all the crevices
that we could see that so orange is
still presenting itself so how do we
deal so how we're going to deal with it
is with a small airgun a Vega with that
arm you can control it to a fine point
that you can actually get into the
crease line and control the amount of
color you actually want to get in there
so it doesn't puddle so the Vega is a
brand name you could use whatever ever s
you want but you just have to make sure
you have good control with the airflow
so or you could even use to a small
paintbrush okay good all right so now
the real test is how does this houses
finish going to hold up we put three
coats down and so we want to do a tape
test to make sure that they we actually
have appropriate heejun so go ahead Dave
let's do the tape so we'll just place
the masking tape and we'll scratch it in
with our fingernail all right and then
we'll pull let's take a look pretty fast
and we don't see anything right so it
looks like we've got excellent adhesion
of course that's what we want