John for everybody in today's video I'm
gonna share with you how to make like
the cheapest but most awesome light box
ever I know a lot of you guys are you
sell on Etsy or you sell jamberry or you
take really good Instagram photos of
your nail polish or whatever it is a lot
of times we just need a good place to
take a good quality photo whether it's
for a blog or Instagram or selling
things online whatever and a lightbox is
a fantastic economical way of doing that
especially when you make it yourself I'm
going to show you an easy way to do that
so the supplies you'll need are a large
box this is just an old prime pantry box
you're going to need some white tissue
paper a piece of white poster board and
all these items can be gotten from the
Dollar Tree some scissors a box cutter
and some packing tape and that's it so
what you want to do is you want to lay
your box down on one of the long sides
and cut out the cardboard so that you
have a 1-inch border all the way around
with a hole in the middle this is going
to allow the light to come in you want
to be very careful when you do this keep
your fingers out of the way some boxes
are a little more tough to cut through
than others so just be really really
careful with your box cutter there but
you want to leave a 1-inch border all
the way around be very careful when you
pop your cardboard out of it and there
we go so you want to do that for the two
long sides and then you also want to do
that for the very top of the box as well
the top is optional I like to do it just
to get a little more light on the object
that I'm taking a photograph of but you
don't have to do the top if you don't
want to so that's what it looks like the
two sides and the top are cut out with a
1-inch border along the sides and now
I'm just going to trim down my poster
board this is going to be my backdrop
for the box to fit and so I'm just
lining it up with the long side of the
box just to make sure that it goes all
all the way with wise and lengthwise and
I'm trying to cut it at straight as
possible although you can go back and
trim it down it's better to trim it a
little too big and then keep trimming it
down than to have it too small and have
to start over so now I'm just making
sure that it fits in there and once I
figure out that it does I'm just gonna
take my packing tape and put it along at
the very top of the poster board and
then carefully put it up and along the
upper back side of the box and this is
our backdrop for our light box and it
doesn't have to go all the way to the
very top depending on how tall the item
will be that you're going to be taking a
photograph of you're probably not even
gonna get up to the very top of the box
so just kind of eyeball it there so now
that I have that in I'm going to put my
little diffuser sheets on the side this
is my tissue paper so I'm going to take
one piece of tissue paper along the side
of the box here and tape it along the
top just want to make sure that I don't
rip the tissue paper tissue paper is
very flimsy and fragile and say have to
be very careful when you're fitting it
along the sides of the box here to not
rip it too badly if you do just take
some tape and put it on top or just grab
another piece of tissue paper they
normally come in packs of 30 35 40 so so
once you have it trimmed down you want
to make sure you tape it with the
packing tape all the way around the back
or the outside of the box on all sides
so you're gonna do this same exact thing
along the other side of the box that is
open as well as the very top and you'll
just want to trim your tissue paper down
to fit it and it doesn't have to be
pretty just enough to cover and there we
have it so we've got tissue paper along
the top and the two sides and our poster
board along the back and that's the
final product so now we want to set up
our lights I just used canned lights
from Home Depot but you could use lamps
just want to make sure that the same
color temperature and as white of a bulb
as possible so there we have it that's
our light box that's the thing I'm going
to take a photo sample of for you guys
here's the inside of what it looks like
a
and the grand finale our big reveal
there we go how about that for a cheap
Oh light box right can't really beat
that
thank you guys so so much for hanging
out with me today if you haven't already
and you'd like to hit that button down
below subscribe so you never miss a
daily Dreamlands video kiss someone you
love tonight I'll see you all tomorrow
ciao
[Music]
[Music]