hey there i'm chef ani and today i am
joined with my mom oh honey I'm so happy
to be here I'm so happy you're here
today mama tell us what we're going to
be making today we are going to be
making a red cabbage Christmas dish one
that was traditional in my home as I was
growing up in Norway but that has been
the tradition in our home probably as
long as you can remember as long as I
can remember
for sure influenza this smells of this
dish feels the kitchen it's Christmas
yes it feels like Christmas right and
it's so easy to make it's an
unbelievably easy today so this has a
wonderful flavor to it it's not just
cabbage oh no no no no this is taking
cabbage to a totally different look
exactly so enough talking let's get
cooking now that we have taken off the
outer leaves and they have rinsed our
cabbage they're ready to go the way that
I found this easiest to do is I cut off
little pieces and then I'm going to
actually cut these various slices very
thinly and this is crucial to the
success of this dish here you can see
kind of the the sizes we can't have big
pieces like this in it slice again look
at these pieces now we are going to
throw in a few more ingredients fresh
squeezed lemon juice the flavors are
just going to come together and it's
gonna be fantastic and we are going to
add in a little bit of salt a bit of
margin and that is optional yep you know
really but it really does add to the
flavor of it sugar today I'm going to
use coconut sugar but I normally use the
natural cane sugar so I just
[Music]
gotta take the same every time you know
what I mean 100% great this does two
things he adds it enhances the flavor
but it also really makes a strong
beautiful color and last but not least
we are going to add just a little bit of
the better than billion and that's gonna
just give us a little bit of a boy okay
so we're just gonna add a little bit of
this this is a such a wonderful dish to
make like a day ahead of time I have
been known to just cut everything up and
then cook it on Christmas morning but
he's also perfectly fine if you cook it
ahead of time and just reheat it the key
though is to cook it super super slowly
let it sit on the stove you can run
around and do other things and just
every once in a while and go and check
on it he smells like Christmas doesn't
it isn't that amazing that is good I
know you want more oh this is so good if
you're looking for things to eat this
along with we have a gluten free tofu
roast and then we have a roast that we
stuffed with stuffing it's beautiful
mashed potatoes with gravy and we have a
gravy recipe and the stuffing the
stuffing yeah horn stops me you can find
all of these recipes on my website chef
on EECOM I will put links to all those
recipes and their videos down below
thank you so much mama for coming on the
channel and showing us how to make this
on me
being red cabbage wow it was a lot of
fun so much fun yes yeah this is one of
my favorite dishes mine too mine too and
thank you so much for watching this
video make sure to LIKE and subscribe to
join me on this adventure to eat
healthier one recipe at a time and I
look forward to seeing you next
Wednesday with another video Merry
Christmas
[Laughter]