[Music]
hi guys doing today this is William
Myers Manis Outdoors today we're going
to be waterproofing canvas with beeswax
so don't go away all right guys so what
I got here is that canvas bag from M
team canvas company and I know in the
last video I said that I was going to
wait till the green Halls came on and
dye it with Walnut Dy but um I just
found out that I'm going to be getting
several other pieces of canvas so I can
go ahead and save that video for when
the green huls come on went ahead and
dyed this uh dark brown with just
regular RI dye get from any like fabric
store you can even get it at Walmart
even I like it a lot it it came out
really really nice but I want to get it
waterproof and what I wanted to do is to
wax this with with beeswax and just with
a regular paint brush and we're going to
heat the beeswax up with this uh stove
right here the propane stove and just
basically paint it on just like this and
don't worry we're going to get close-ups
all this stuff and then after we're done
with the whole pack we take either a
heat gun or what I have is a hair dryer
it works just the same and then blow dry
it to let that wax settle in evenly all
around the pack and it comes out really
really nice and it's very very
functional because then your gear is
waterproof at that moment but there you
go that's the uh the pack died I like it
a lot looks really
good let's get to uh making it
waterproof
all right so I've already been doing
some waxing on other pieces of gear so
I've already got some beeswax in this
pan right now but let's just get this uh
stove lit up real
quick that's
on I want to get this down a little
lower you don't need the flame raging
you want to be able to control this you
don't want the beeswax to
smoke that would be too
hot so this is the beeswax that I got
and you know you could find beeswax at
like fabric stores and things like that
I would air on the side of caution as
far as that goes and just search out
local um honey manufacturing places and
things like that first of all they could
use your business second of all it's
going to be 100% no bull beeswax you
know there's the only thing that this is
is beeswax there's nothing else in it
not paraffin not anything
else okay so that's already starting to
get a little liquefied there I already
know that I'm going to need more of this
in this pot so I'm going to take my
knife and start chunking this up a
little bit just getting it ready to go
in the pot
all right guys so we got a really good
amount that is melted in there right now
I just went I threw that whole block in
there because I realize I got a lot of
waxing to do here so and I don't mix
this with anything else you can dilute
this with uh
paraffin animal fats things like that
more like tallows you don't want to put
actual lard in this to be too soft but
um I don't I just leave it 100% beeswax
some people do some people don't it's
just my personal preference and just go
ahead and get that on the
bag and do not worry about it looking
Gloppy or pasty or anything like that
because after we get it on the bag
that's that's when we go to the hair
dryer and get our coats even
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
and if you sit there and miss a spot
don't worry about it because all this
stuff is going to melt and it's going to
blow in to the the canvas so I mean if
it's if it looks like spotty and oh man
I missed a spot I really better get in
there and get that not don't worry about
it it'll all get covered here in a
little bit
if you when you're first doing this
you'll freak out like oh that looks like
crap I've ruined my
bag just be
patient once you go put the heat gun or
the hair dryer to it whichever one
you're doing it all comes out in the end
it all look
good and it'll be very waterproof at the
end sure you get those uh threads in
there really good too protect them
that's what's going to erode the bag
faster if those
threadings get wet they start rotting
away then obviously the bag's going to
come
apart all right guys so as you can see
I'm pretty much almost done with uh this
side here I got a little too much on a
little couple places but that's okay
like I said uh what I did was allow
myself some dry spacing here so what
happens with the places that I have
access way way too much beeswax and just
dripped on there it'll blow in and
saturate over
here so what I'm going to do is I'm
actually going to just stop where I'm at
right now and in the interest of time
just show you need getting this
part uh heated
in all right guys so I'm actually in my
kitchen right now so if the lighting's
not that great I apologize for that
ahead of time and I'm going to be
running this hair dryer so I apologize
for the noise as well but see all the
high areas we've already been running
the hairdryer a little bit on this but
all the high areas of wax that's what
we're going to be melting down and
getting more of an even coverage had a
deer hanging so I got a little bit deer
hair in there but all right I'm going to
turn this haird dryer on so this could
be kind of hard to hear me but you'll
see the uh the wax melting into the pack
a
all right guys so we're going to go
ahead and continue on with this and
we're going to get right back with you
12 hours later
all right guys so got kind of a before
and after thing going on here just
wanted to show you what's going on with
the mil in I got some places that didn't
get wax taken in very well and we're
going to put hit those with a second
coat but you can see what happens before
with the initial cold U application and
then we heat it up and uh get the wax
melted in and then we'll apply a second
coat and then apply very very well the
places that need reapplied so I'm going
to get this done and get the rest of
this melted in and then I'm going to get
the whole pack done and we're going to
show you guys what it looks like so stay
tuned all right guys well we're pretty
much done with that side of the pack
there's a couple areas that need touched
up like right here but it's still waxed
it's just not as heavily waxed as some
of the other areas and you know this
stuff is really really stiff when you
first get done with it but just working
the fabric and and repeted use and and
things like that will soften it up and
but this will just Sheen water right off
of it you know there's nothing that's
going to penetrate that beeswax so
that's the process just wanted to
definitely show you guys that and uh
we're going to go ahead and finish this
pack up and the batter's getting ready
to die so we're going to charge it up
and we're going to do a couple other
videos so we'll show you the finished
product probably in another video
all right guys just want to give you
kind of a a look at the untreated side
which is that flap and then the treated
side right there you see how darker the
wax made it and this is really really
loose obviously and that's really stiff
I mean I could almost hold the pack up
just with
the the bottom of it really really stiff
waxed heavily
all right guys so as far as this goes it
still got some heat that needs to be
applied to it to get to drain more into
the pack this way but this uh it's
getting there and like I said the
camera's getting ready to die so we're
going to have to cut it from here but I
just wanted to see you just wanted to
show you guys that side of it and then
we'll work up our way to the rest of the
pack all right guys well this has been
William IRS man outdoors I hope you
enjoyed the video and if you did I
appreciate you subscribe to my channel
liking my video really helps me out
appre appreciate all your views comments
and support hopefully we'll see you out
in the
woods all right guys so this is what
we're going to be waxing today and uh
this is going to be make it this is
going to be making it water
roof all right guys we'll spin ass
Outdoors do it all the time