repair clinic encourages you to perform
this procedure safely in this video we
will show one or more of these icons to
alert you when to use caution as with
any repair be sure you unplug the
appliance before beginning and turn off
the hot and cold water supply valves
your first step is to remove the hoses
from the water inlet valve be prepared
for some water to spill out make sure
the drain hose is detached from the
standpipe or laundry tub next use tape
to secure the washer lid now carefully
tip the washer forward so it's front
rests on a towel or carpet use pliers to
loosen the clamp securing the inlet hose
to the tub and pull the hose off be
prepared for some water to spill on snap
the wire cover and detach the wire
connector from the drain pump remove the
mounting screws to release the pump from
the tub now loosen the clamp securing
the drain hose pull the hose off and
remove the old pump install the new
drain pump by first transferring the
clamp from the old inlet hose to the new
one connect the drain hose to the new
pump by aligning the tab on the port
with the slot in the hose
connect the new inlet hose to the tub
and secure the clamps use the provided
screws to secure the pump attach the
wire connector and close the wire cover
now carefully lift the washer to its
upright position
remove the tape securing the lid and
attach the drain hose to the stand pipe
or laundry tub reattach the hoses to the
inlet valve turn the water supply back
on
and plug the appliance back in to make
sure it's functioning properly