all right what are we making exactly
s'mores what are s'mores you don't know
what a s'more is I'm European almost
it's graham crackers with chocolate and
a toasted
marshmallow so first you have to toast
your marshmallow and then you put it a
graham cracker with chocolate and you
smush it between another graham cracker
and it kind of melts the chocolate and
personally I don't like them cuz I don't
like marshmallow but the kids love them
so today we're going to see how to make
a s'mores
ra your hand
raow it
sit
after might be better not get him the FR
of here baby great
idea of turn
it put it in
here I'll eat
it there lots of
you got your gr crackers two gr crackers
so they're going to put the marshmallow
in there I'm going to hold they going to
push down on it while they pull the
stick out to keep the marshmallow in
between here we go here we go chocolate
and squ it down just going to pull a
stick out pull stick out try to pull it
off oh that's like an extra bonus
cookie how is it very good Kay is yours
ready not yet I
prob we got kayin