[Music]
hey it's Vanessa from crafty gemini.com
and I post weekly crafting and cooking
videos here on YouTube today I'm back
with part two of my beginning sewing
Series where we're working with
Simplicity pattern 2 2290 let's get
started when you buy your pattern you
want to make sure you have two different
things inside the envelope one is your
pattern instructions that's printed out
on this paper and then the other is
actually the tissue paper that contains
all the pattern pieces you need for your
project when you buy your fabric at the
fabric store it's going to come off the
bolt just like this you see here
remember we're using 45 in wide fabric
so it's folded at the top we have the
salvages and then on this side is
actually the width of the fabric where
it was cut that's the width and then
this way is going to be the length of
the fabric in order to prep your fabric
you want to go ahead and zigzag Stitch
all the fraying side of it okay and this
is going to be so you can drop it in the
washer in the dryer and pre-shrink your
FB fac before putting the pants together
the top is the Salvage and it doesn't
Fray so you don't have to stitch there
set your machine to a zigzag Stitch and
on the width of the fabric go ahead and
Stitch real nice and close to the edge
it doesn't have to be pretty this is
just going to prevent the fabric from
fraying while it's in the washer and
dryer once that's done you can pop it in
the wash and after you get it out of the
dryer make sure you press your Fabric
and you can set it aside
[Music]
now we need to prep our tissue paper
you're going to open it up carefully
make sure you don't rip it CU it's real
thin this pattern actually contains two
pieces and you can see this is one of
them and then we have our second piece
right here you'll only need one of the
two pattern pieces included you see this
one next to the 2290 number says it's
for child and teens sizes and then the
other one says it's for the teen and
adult sizes choose the one that you need
based on the size pants you'll be making
and so one thing you want to do is
actually take a hot iron to your pattern
since it's all folded up I like to iron
out all these creases just take a nice
hot iron no Steam and just swipe it
across the pattern you can see the
creases come out real quickly we decided
in part one of the beginning sewing
series which size of the pattern we
would be using for the purposes of this
tutorial I'm going to go with the extra
large size what you want to do is cut
around the line for the size that you'll
be using in your project when you come
around to these notches these little
marks that you see here these triangles
they're called notches and you want to
make sure that you're cutting out the
pattern just like I'm showing you here
this is going to be good practice
especially if you're a beginner and what
you're going to do is you're actually
going to transfer these cuting into the
fabric once we lay the pattern piece on
top of our Fabric and we're also going
to cut them out these are going to serve
as markers when we're putting the
project or the pair of pant together and
they're going to allow us to line things
up real nice and neatly and you're going
to see a few different markings a few
different notches on this pattern keep
an eye out for those because you want to
make sure that you're cutting them out
as you
go now if you want to lengthen or
shorten your pant leg you see that's the
bottom where the Hem would go and a
little further up you see this line if
you want to lengthen your pants you're
going to cut down the center of this
line with a pair of scissors you're
going to separate the two pieces and
you're going to add whatever the length
is in between that space now if you want
to shorten it instead you're going to
fold along the center of this line like
you see me doing here and depending on
how short you want to make it you're
going to fold it up that distance then
you can tape that in place there and
then what you need to do is also adjust
the edges since you can see it's not
even so I like to take a ruler and just
make a straight line there but make sure
that you're also transferring The
Notches in the same location where they
are now now I need to figure out our
fabric cutting layer out it's important
to understand all the cutting and layout
diagrams in the pattern before you start
cutting because you don't want to ruin
your fabric here you have the diagrams
for all the different sizes that you can
make with this pattern if you look at
the illustration Legend that's on the
first page of the pattern this is the
key that's going to show you which side
of both the pattern and the fabric
pieces should be facing up before you
pin and start cutting your fabric the
split screen here shows the diagram on
the left and the illustration Legend on
the right if we look at the teens SL
adult sizes on the left hand side that
diagram shows us that the pattern piece
is placed on top of the fabric in that
manner you can see inside the pattern
piece it's blank if we look over at the
legend that tells us that the pattern
should be laid on top of the fabric with
the pattern printed side up the fabric
that it's placed on is also blank and
you can see in the legend it doesn't
match anything that's because for this
particular project it's not going to
matter whether you place the fabric with
the pretty side up or pretty side down
because when you cut it both pieces will
be identical you can see the first one
is for the extra small on the child size
that the pattern brings the fold is at
the bottom Salvage is up top and all
that means is that you're going to set
up the fabric how you want to cut it for
that specific size the extra small for
childs you want the fold at the bottom
and the salvages up top this is the same
way the fabric came off the bolt you're
going to lay it down and then you lay
your extra small pattern piece on top
the small medium and large sizes in the
child and teens the layout shows
salvages on bottom and on top and it's
telling you where to lay your pattern
piece if we go down to where it says
teens and adult sizes you see for all
sizes it gives you actually the exact
same layout as above there's an asteris
there because it requires some special
cutting notes but if you're using
non-directional fabric like I told you
to use in part one then this is how I
actually want you to lay out your fabric
lay it with the selvages up fold it just
like it came off the bolt and then what
you're going to do is open up the entire
fabric piece and lay it in front of you
with the pretty side of the fabric
facing up then you're going to take the
edge that you zigzag stitched along the
width there and you're going to fold it
across to the other end and you're
basically folding all your fabric across
in half lengthwise then I want you to
take it all match up all the raw edges
and lay it nice and flat on a large
clean surface dining room table or the
floor works
fine to arrange your pattern you want to
lay it on top of your fabric like this
and slide it close to one edge of it to
conserve fabric then insert a pin on
this line that has an arrow on the
pattern you want to take a measuring
tape and measure from that line to the
edge of your fabric which is should be a
salvage down there this case I have 13
in then what you want to do is go to the
other end of that arrowed line on the
pattern and take the measuring tape
again measure from there to the edge and
that again should give you the 13 in if
it doesn't you need to scoot the pattern
just like you see me doing here in order
to get it to be the same measurement
that way we know the line is straight
once you get it to the correct
measurement you want to take a pin and
secure the pattern to the fabric just
like you see me doing here and that will
make sure sure that everything is
straight for cutting once you do that go
back up to the other tip and rescure
that pin up there and then you're going
to take pins and go all the way around
your entire pattern so that you can then
go back and cut it out make sure that
you're placing these pins a few inches
from the edge of the pattern piece so
they don't interfere with you cutting
your pieces out once your pattern's
pinned you're ready to cut it out to cut
out your fabric pieces all you want to
do is take a sharp pair of scissors and
go through both layers of the fabric
once you get to to The Notches make sure
that you're cutting them out in the same
manner you cut them out of the pattern
piece just like you see me doing here
make sure that you're not cutting these
notches towards the pattern piece like
towards the inside because then you're
going to be cutting them into the seam
allowance instead we want to keep them
towards the outside of the seam
allowance and they're going to be used
as markers go cut around all curves and
then continue to cut out all the notches
that you see along the entire pattern
piece once you're done cutting you can
remove all your pins take take away the
pattern piece and then what you're left
with are your two pattern pieces for
your pair of pants now that you have
your fabric all cut out to make your
pair of pants all you need to do is
actually sew it up and hem it in order
to do that you need to watch part three
of this beginning sewing series to get
there just click on my face