[Music]
hey guys what's up today we're gonna be
roasting a pork leg and it's gonna be
superlicious look at this beautiful port
leg that's what we're gonna roast but we
need to start with an injection you can
cure pork leg like this it will take up
to eight six eight to twelve hours
depending on how strong the flavors you
want to be but this time we're just
gonna inject it it will give you same
kind of idea as brining it and for an
injection I'm going to use apple cider
vinegar and that's about a cup of apple
cider vinegar I'm gonna use two
tablespoons of Worcestershire sauce and
I'm balling this because you can play
around with it it's not that strict in
measurements and I want two teaspoons of
Tabasco sauce will squeeze out lime
juice to that we'll add three
tablespoons of salt and a tablespoon of
all-purpose barbecue rub let's shake
that up
look at that color that's beautiful
now this will not completely dissolve
but I've got an injection needle with a
large opening and that will help to get
all this flavor into our pork leg now
the first thing that we want to do to
this pork leg is carve into the skin
because we want the skin to actually
open up and it's going to look real
pretty when it's done you need a sharp
knife to cut into pork skin flip it
around get your injection needle our
injection fluid and start injecting the
fluid into the leg I want to start at
the bottom all the way down I really try
and pump up the leg as much as possible
and now that we've injected all of the
pork this is what we're going to do well
sprinkle an all-purpose barbecue rub on
the pork that has no skin on it what we
want to do is get as much as we can on
there get a big nice layer and you can
use any all-purpose barbecue rub if you
go down to my youtube channel and you
look in the video description of this
you will find a link where you can get a
recipe for a good all-purpose barbecue
rub now we'll turn it around and this
side of the pork skin we're going to
treat with salt we want a lot of salt on
the skin the salt will help to crisp it
up the pork skin just rub it in make
sure we get that sold everywhere I
started the barbecue with charcoal on
this side a lot of charcoal so we get a
high temperature and this is the
indirect side and we're going to place
it an oven tray on this side to make
sure that the direct radiation is not
getting into the pork as much now we're
going to put our pork leg into the
barbecue set it in the tray and let it
roast at a high temperature between 200
degrees Celsius and 250 degrees Celsius
so that's definitely a hot heat but we
need it to attack that skin and really
dry it out
close the lid open the vents to maximum
and now we just wait it's been about 45
minutes and I want to check to see one
side is not burning and the other side
is not raw so let's open it up oh yes
that's looking beautiful Wow we're
getting some really good crisp already
but we also want to turn it around you
know when when we have the little like
this the fire is on this side and the
exit of the hot air is on this side so
the hot air is basically going over like
this and exiting in this place so this
side is much colder so we'll need to
turn it around but at the same time I
see that the sole has dried out so we
want to start removing some of that salt
because we don't need it anymore it's
not doing anything to the skin it
already did a lot of its work by taking
off the excess moisture
rusha someone that sold again the fetish
rendering off the skin is starting to
look good we're getting closer and
closer well at this point we also need
to check on the charcoal do we have
enough charcoal left and I'm thinking I
can add a few more chunks of charcoal
just to make sure we keep the
temperature up close the lid and let it
continue roasting another hour has gone
by and wow she looks good
that is a crispy skin I can already see
where it's starting to turn light it's
like the sections of skin are separating
and that makes it really crackly so what
we'll do now is we'll lower the
temperature by closing the vents and let
the inside cook a little more because it
will need probably another half hour or
so now let's check again beautiful let's
check on the temperature oh yeah
sixty-eight degrees Celsius some parts a
little bit hotter than that but that's
okay we're looking for 68 degrees
Celsius minimum what a beauty that is an
absolute beauty so now we have to let it
rest and this is the hard part I know
but give it 30 minutes a little bit of
tinfoil thirty minutes of rest and then
start slicing into it listen closely
because this is what we want to hear
that skin crackle right
look at how beautiful that turned out
that is super juicy crackling skin let's
take a bite of that skin red is
ridiculous this is my favorite part
about pork meat and that salty crispy
skin if you look at the color from them
you see we didn't smoke it but you still
you get the pink color from the charcoal
fire and we didn't smoke it so the skin
stays light and actually dries out
better just look at how juicy this is
juices are running out pork cracklings
skin is the ultimate so delicious guys
if you have never made this before
please give it a try I am sure you will
love it thank you for watching see you
guys next time Cheers
[Music]