I got home from Wyoming deer hunting a
day and a half ago Kim and I spent
yesterday cleaning and trimming out all
the meat and I have a little under 32
pounds of meat to grind last month
Weston asked me to return my meat
grinder and they replaced it with their
brand-new Pro Series number 12 electric
meat grinder the most prominent change
in the Pro Series is that every model in
the series has been increased by a
quarter horsepower and that's pretty
huge considering lots of people out
there are processing meet with grinders
that only have a quarter horsepower to
begin with my previous model had a
three-quarter horsepower motor and the
new models been bumped up to one full
horsepower the new models also have
built-in knife sharpeners a removable
hopper cover and a tool storage tray
that fits in the hopper when you're not
using it it comes complete with a course
in a fine grinding plate an auger
stopper and a complete sausage stuffing
kit I have lots of burger and sausage to
make so let's cut to the chase
the one horsepower 75 watt electric
motor can grind up to nine pounds of
meat per minute
it literally grinds as fast as you can
feed it
I'm using my course grinding plate for
the first drive over 30 pounds ground
and three and a half minutes I did all
my grinding by hand and with a
KitchenAid stand mixer attachment for a
number of years I'm telling you it's
like going from a bicycle to a Formula
One car now I have to get to work
grinding a pork shoulder pork belly and
beef suet I'll be adding small
percentages of this to the venison to
make different types of burger and
sausage but thanks for joining me today
and until next time this is a rocky
mountain meat hunters saying praise the
Lord and pass the venison