hey everybody I just wanted to uh give
you a heads up I went to uh Six Flags uh
Magic Mountain on December 3rd I was a
Sunday of 2016 and went with my son and
the lines were getting kind of long that
day and uh we were out there on vacation
and you know we decided to splurge a
little bit and get that uh Platinum pass
the flash pass Platinum um it ended up
we've got season passes so I think we
saved like uh um five bucks on each pass
not a huge savings but I'll tell you
what it did help um it end up being 100
bucks each so um we end up getting the
um this this is what the flash pass
looks like this is I took an actual
picture of it you got your buttons on
the bottom there allowing you to you
know navigate but uh it has a little
times two you can see on the bottom
where it says two people are allowed to
use this fash pass but it is
unbelievable this thing I'm telling you
what there is a couple rides that you
only get one time uh you'll only able to
use it one time but there's a whole
majority of them that you can go on
Non-Stop so me and my son we averaged
probably about five to six rides an hour
big ones Tatsu and Goliath um we ended
up I tell you what my son I got we got
to a point I mean this flash pass it's
all cool and all that but for us older
folks I I tell you what I started
getting Whiplash after about 20 some
rides in a day you know we're going
through them so much my head my I could
feel my brain smacking against my my
skull I had to slow downs but my son
kept going um he's 11 and he was going
on Goliath I'd press this I'd press I'd
press the um the button on here you know
for Goliath and uh as soon as he went
these these guys would scan it you know
and then I'd just click it again and and
it would be as soon as he got off that
that uh that roller coaster he would
just keep going around and around to the
fash pass he did Goliath probably I kid
you not eight times in a row I saw other
folks doing it too um and uh I know we
went to Tatsu and he was able to I mean
you didn't wait in any line you just go
right in that sucker um through the uh
exit entry for the flash pass and they
would hold people and let you get on
front row
I highly recommend once in a while maybe
once in a lifetime try it out it's
uh it's really cool I got to say I just
wish it was a lot cheaper but I guess if
it was cheap everybody be using it right
but uh it really is neat that Platinum
pass I mean you just clicking on this
thing go to the next ride oh you're
ready to go just there's no waiting just
rock and roll if you got any questions
about the flash pass or anything like
that give me a holler um but you will
save five bucks if you got a season pass
on it for that one day see you