we have other
[Music]
channels thank
you mad here home Farm
ideas and
today I'm going to talk to you guys a
little bit about um spicy Italian
oregano uh it's one of the plants that
uh we grow
here in my yard and uh I mean it not
only tastes good but I mean you know you
do this and you can just smell it
immediately it smells just like
pizza um I like pizza and I don't know
anybody that really doesn't like
pizza um and so I'm going to talk to you
a little bit about uh some of the health
benefits but then also how to prune it
to where you can get um you know just
double the amount uh as you can tell I
already got a pretty good amount going
right now um but uh I'm always trying to
get more um it's uh vitamin boost uh it
actually uh boost up your vitamin K
which is really good for like your
cardiovascular uh system and uh you know
your heart and stuff like that um it's
also got some uh
antibacterial uh compounds
um uh you know just to help with uh you
know your body and fighting bacteria bad
bacteria and stuff it's an
antioxidant uh it's got tons of minerals
in it and uh it's full of uh fiber and
and uh it just uh it's great it's also
um really good it has U Omega-3s in it
like it's got a really high amount of
Omega-3s and um everyone wants Omega-3s
nowadays don't they so um also my
chickens uh they love this stuff uh plus
that those Omega-3s are really good for
my chickens and any kind of livestock
would actually eat it uh with chickens
though they're my chickens in particular
they're picky so I have to actually cut
it up a little more um so I have lots of
reason to prune it to grow more than
what I actually have here you know
um I haven't pruned it yet this year
these are stems from last year and uh so
I'm going to start pruning all those but
I wanted to show you how to actually
double it um so let me get down here a
little bit so I can show you guys uh
it's kind of like you would do
um uh Sweet Basil or Basils okay so you
have the topper which uh flower would
come out of there uh you don't really
want them to go to flower because they
get more Woody and they're just not good
that way but if you look down here you
see that I don't know if you guys can
see that let me Zoom okay see that
there's this extra leaves right here set
of leaves right there and on the other
side the same set of leaves right there
right and so what you want to
do is uh you know however far down you
want to prune them um I usually prune
the tops like this and I'll prune the
top just to show you this okay so I'll
pull the top off okay then I take that
and I eat that um and then those two
will actually shoot off and they'll
produce more as well now you can
actually go
lower um a lot of the times what what'll
happen though is if you only prune the
tops um the stock the actual stock on
the bottom this part it will actually
get uh more Woody and you don't want
that either so what you would do in that
case is you would just find let's just
stick with the one we had right you um
you wouldn't just do the top okay cuz we
have the top there and we just did that
you would go further down you just find
the same set of leaves okay and you just
take those and prune those off and see
that's woodier down there so it's harder
to pull
off uh where did that cut go did I pull
that whole thing out no I
didn't well let's show you another one
okay so you'd want to go down farther so
we have the top and then we have this
set and then we have another set and so
on and so on right so if you want to get
fresh stocks you would just trim it
lower in the plant and then there you go
right and now that's going to pop off
two more okay and so you want to just
kind of do that um with a lot of them
always do the tops uh just to make sure
that you know you're not getting any
flowers coming in and um yeah that's how
you do it so you can double the output
of this
right and you just want to like I
said go go just above those leaves those
two sets of leaves
there and bingo you're going to have two
more little shoots that are going to
come off that and so that's how you
would double it and I mean within a day
or two you'll see like the plant will
just get huge um so anyway that's uh how
I pronee them and uh if you have any
questions or comments post them below
join us on Facebook
at uh
facebook.com
slome Farm ideas all right anyway God
bless you guys you Lord for what you're
[Music]
doing thank you Lord for every little
thing thank you Lord for you make me
sing