okay we're gonna do a demonstration of a
collection and AI on German Shepherd dog
we have our bag or a syringe or a i2
puppet non spermicide lewd gloves and
lactated ringers in case we need extra
to push and he's usually a very good
collector so we may not need that at all
okay collect I cook on a male you want
to make sure he enjoys this a lot too
much probably make sure you get past the
prostate back here so you pull the
foreskin back you can see it's real big
oh yes yeah nice collects good so we
pull it to the back as if to simulate a
time as you see I have my hand pressed
up against the prostate to keep it nice
and tight to simulate that tie so we can
get a good collection yeah he's just
still trying to step over put them but
we got you take your time because you
have the first part as they and fluid
this prosthetic fraction and then you
have the actual semen and then you have
more prostate fluid after that we'll
also show putting the in semen inside
the female German Shepherd to pal this
is our volunteer taiko
he's from Key West for he's really good
boy sometimes on dogs can last five
minutes up to 20 minutes or so so this
gentleman here stays very long time he's
a good strong breeder he's drooling on
the couch
they almost happen to hold him up cuz
he's over it he's done okay I don't mean
anymore
cuz he's filling this up quite well and
I'll show you the fraction of semen we
have in here shortly okay and you make
sure that his penis goes back in so make
sure that at some point just penis goes
in so it doesn't get stuck out okay this
milk you look you want and then like I
said he's got quite a good output so
we're gonna suck this up into a syringe
and go ahead and put it in side to pal
and hope for the best since she's
obviously this is the second syringe we
have two syringes my follow up with a
second one so I don't have to I emptied
out the fluid and then just had put seen
it in there so so you don't get any
bacteria into the vagina it's dirty
enough area anyway and spermicidal for
non spermicidal Lube and I'm gonna Lube
the tube and then place it inside her
vagina
down
find it make sure you stick your finger
in some guide it so you don't hurt her
and also make sure you don't get it in
the bladder should you find it roll it
in with your finger is how I do it to
make sure I'm not inside the bladder
she's already pulsating on me okay
squeeze one okay
I'm gonna squeeze number two and then
I'm gonna push some air behind that and
then I'm going to hold still baby we'll
put some air behind that push it in
further make sure and then I'm going to
massage and why do you so this helps her
contract
it's a feathering her vulva and it makes
her contract for the sea demons and suck
inside there and closer to her uterus
and make sure that she actually takes it
simulates the tie for her as well I feel
her pulsating that's that's exactly what
you want the pulse just like I've got
right now
and then we created for like 30 minutes
to make sure she doesn't urinate behind
it
okay let's go ahead and put her up thank
you for watching
with Sandra and Ayla the grandma from WD
are coming to you from Pinellas Bora