[Music]
hi everybody and welcome back to cook
and share today in this episode we're
making up one of my favorites which is
the national dish of the Philippines if
you're ever in the country you can find
it just about anywhere picnics family
gatherings restaurants you name it it's
there it's called chicken adobo if you
check out our channel we have many
different ways of making adobo but this
is one of the simplest easiest but
nevertheless delicious
so stick with us and let's get started
let's begin by putting the chicken into
the pan what I've got here is a whole
chicken that I've cut up into pieces but
you can use just about any chicken part
you like then I'm going to add in the
soy sauce followed by the vinegar the
sugar you can leave the sugar out but I
like mine just a little bit on the sweet
side some fresh garlic cloves that I
pressed freshly ground pepper you know
I'm a pepper lover so I'm gonna put lots
of pepper on it then I'm just going to
rotate and kind of toss the chicken
parts until they're nicely covered with
the mixture I'm just doing this process
in a pan simply for convenience and
we're gonna put it on the stove anyway
but you can do it in a container if you
like lastly I'm going to add in the bay
leaves
we'll just slip a lid on this and put it
in the fridge to marinate now if you're
in a rush you can get away with two to
three hours but overnight is always
preferred after the chicken is marinated
we're going to place this on the stove
to balance out the taste we'll add in a
little bit of water and bring it to a
boil
now I'm just going to slip a lid on it
and allow it to simmer over low heat for
30 minutes after about 50 minutes I'm
just going to spoon the sauces over the
chicken it allow it to simmer for an
additional 15 minutes if you like your
adobo a little on the dry side you can
allow it to simmer until the chicken is
absorbed a little more of the juices
after 30 minutes and the chicken is
nicely cooked and this smells really
good you're ready to serve I'm going to
serve my adobo up with some hot rice and
the sauce spooned over the top and there
you have it what a my all-time favorites
delicious chicken adobo visit our
website for more details on this recipe
and remember you can always share your
recipe with us stay tuned for more easy
recipes and thanks for watching
[Music]
you