welcome to another episode of mighty
mods we recently put word out trying to
find out what you'd like to see on our
show and almost every response we got
was from people asking how do they wash
their car properly except for one guy
who wanted to know how to make a GT wing
out of balsa wood which is never going
to happen
not this episode anyway um what we are
going to do is we're going to show you
how to wash your car we're going to be
working on an eight-month-old Audi s3 on
an eight-year-old Golf GTI and an
eighteen-year-old March super turbo so
let's get to it
start by cleaning the wheels because the
cleaning solution is almost always the
harshest and that will make sure any
overspray is washed off later on
well it says child resistant I know we
can't over spray it on and leave it for
30 seconds to penetrate hose down the
wheels with a strong stream of water if
your wheels are particularly dirty and
the brake dust is baked on use a soft
bristle brush to agitate the solution
for a total rim clean use an old sponge
with car wash to make sure all the wheel
cleaner has been washed off your wheels
and to get into any little crevices you
might have missed
hose down the car to get off any loose
dirt and you can use a high-pressure
sprayer to save water read the label and
add the right amount of car wash to your
bucket and use a clean sponge the bikini
girls didn't show up and I didn't want
to see Marty in a g-string so we had to
do it ourselves wash the car from the
top down if it's a hot day wash it in
sections so the suds don't dry in the
Sun try and wash your car on the grass
but if you can't at least wash it
somewhere where the water runs in your
garden
I stopped supervising for one second and
Marty mister massive
a microfiber chamois works great to dry
your car make sure you rinse it out well
before use you can use some mild
polishing compound to remove light scuff
marks of the top clear coat now when you
just bought this thing so we're not
going to put a whole new coat of wax on
we're going to use a spray detailer
instead spray detailer gives you great
results with minimal time and effort and
is best used between waxing use a dry
cloth on it and polishes it up nicely
microfiber cloth tires look better when
they're black cleaning the windows again
will get rid of anything you missed so
you can see every one that you've just
ripped off the lights in your s3 through
your rear vision mirror out the back
window because they're so clean this
scummy looking crud on the brake rotors
doesn't look good there's a fun way to
get rid of that we're just going around
the block once um we're going to use the
brakes and that will get rid of all that
scungy stuff so as you can see all the
our scummy stuff he's gone and now it's
shiny and nice with some good product
and a little bit of effort the s3 is
looking awesome
now we're under the mark for GTI the
mark 4 spends most of its time outside
now we all know black cars shot the dirt
so we're going to pay special attention
to this one
if you want to make sure you get rid of
every bit of brake dust and all the dirt
from your rims then remove the wheel and
clean them from the inside we're going
to do that now
all right so let's have a look what
we've got behind the rim
a few years of break dust can really add
up so crack out your trusty rim clean or
equivalent soapy solution and spray it
all over the back of the rim you'll
definitely need a brush for this one a
long-handled one will stop you're
destroying your knuckles
and just like me you may need to clean
them twice
before you put the wheel back on it's a
good time to clean up under the arch and
if you're a true mighty mods fan these
would be red like we did in episode 10
and if you like you can get all gangsta
with the wheel center caps
rinse off the car with the hose just
like we did with the s3 then wash it
from the top down the two bucket method
is not an adult party game I'll tell you
what it is when you wash your car you
put it in this one rather bit of a panel
when you're finished clean it in this to
clean the cloth before you get some more
under the next panel sheet the suds off
with the hose we're going to use a
separate sponge and a separate bucket
that doesn't go anywhere near the rest
of our car and the idea is use that wash
the underside and all the dirty bits
only missed a bit I'll admit it I did
miss a bit because Marty was trying to
attack me and I only had minimal
protection
use a fresh clean chamois
to wipe the car over then use a separate
one for in and around the doors right so
we've watched the GTI now the next step
is to use this clay bar to take any old
wax SAP tar road grime all the stuff
that we can't get with a wash once we've
done that we're going to apply a layer
of wax which is going to keep it looking
great the idea of a clay bar or in this
case liquid clay bar is that it removes
any contamination from the top layer of
clear coat on your paint it's not as
abrasive as a polish and it doesn't
actually remove any paint just
everything on top of it using a liquid
clay bar is quicker than a traditional
clay bar and it still gives really good
results rinse it off and make sure the
cars dry now we're using a paste wax
which is really easy to apply and should
give awesome results on our black car
apply to the paint with an applicator
pad using small circular motions buff
off the wax with a microfiber cloth
turning it regularly if possible use a
second clean one for your final buff
the results speak for themselves and
with a little effort you can make your
car look like it just rolled off the
showroom floor now check out these
actual reflections in the paint amazing
shiny okay time to get really serious
now how much super turbo is an awesome
car but it's also super filthy and right
now it's dirtier than a truck stop Danny
it's covered in all sorts of crap I was
in preschool right about the time they
were putting the paint on this car in
Japan that means the pigeon that crapped
on this car today
well his great-great great-great grandpa
j'en crapped on it seventeen years ago
like the other two cars give the car a
wash starting with the wheels try the
car off and dry it well because there's
nothing more annoying than water running
through your polish we're going to use
an orbital buffer which is much quicker
and easier on the arms than doing it by
hand the polishing compound were using
is actually removing a thin layer of
clear coat along with any dirt and grime
that's stuck to it spread the compound
either onto the pad or the paint we
found we made much less mess applying it
directly now it is possible to burn
through your pain and damage it with one
of these tools so practice on an old
panel if it's your first time
it's a good idea to use masking tape to
make sure you don't polish any areas
you're not supposed to avoid any sharp
edges as you'll shred your polishing pad
so with smaller areas view the polishing
compound by hand to get rid of all the
marks
you can use an inexpensive random
orbital buffer to take the hard work out
of buffing off the polish remove your
masking tape and buff with a microfiber
cloth even on your final buff you'll
still be seeing dirt come on
it was surprising just how good the pain
on the March was under all that filth
but the final awesome touch you can
reblock your car check out episode 4 to
see how to do that and as far as your
interior is concerned check out episode
6 for the rug doctor special so as you
can see there's many different ways to
skin a cat that's gross food
professional details have the tools the
experience and the products to make your
car look awesome but if you've got a bit
of time it's possible to get really good
results at home particularly if you've
got the right products speaking of which
we want to say a big thanks to Turtle
Wax for helping us out with this episode
you