it is the butt crack Adan and I am
cooking a recipe for my family tonight
for dinner we're making chicken green
chili rice casserole in a crock-pot it's
an adaptation of a rice side dish recipe
that I love that I use all the time that
I usually bake in the oven but we're
adapting it to a crock-pot we're putting
chicken in it we'll see how it turns out
the good news I have coffee and
everything is okay when you have coffee
hey guys it's windy Valencia it is
crocked over time and I absolutely love
doing this clap every year all of these
amazing channels that get together and
give us our best crock-pot recipes and
if you're a working mom like me you need
crock-pot all the time especially on
swimming days because there's not a lot
of time to cook not even kidding this
collab is put together by the YouTube
mommy meet up group on Facebook who is
run and by debt free Deena who I love
and dream flight 6,000 whoo I also love
and they put together the correct uber
collab so I'm gonna link the playlist
down below so go check out all the other
awesome recipes so let's jump on in this
recipe you're gonna need chicken breast
cream cheese sour cream chopped green
chilies 2 cans Monterey Jack cheese and
rice and salt first things first I am
going to put my crock-pot
my chicken and then I'm gonna salt it
then I'm going to add my Chili's and
then you're gonna cover it turn your
crock pot on low for five to six hours
or if you're like me Nia and you're a
working mom it's gonna be more like nine
cuz that's how things go here so push
that away now you're gonna eat rice
later on in the recipe but not right at
this moment since I don't want to come
home and make rice immediately I'm gonna
make rice now and I'm gonna set it I
have a delay timer so I'll set it to
start cooking right before I get home if
you can't do that you just make rice
when you get home now I probably won't
use all of this rice in this recipe I
actually always make extra to have on
hand because Molina's favorite food is
rice soup we're going to set this boy
for delayed cook it should be finishing
up right about the time I guess oh these
other things I actually will put back in
the fridge because we will not be using
them until later today so they need to
be in the refrigerator so off to work I
go and the next time you see me I'm not
gonna have any makeup on just be
forewarned
I am back and it has been a long day at
work and milena is already complaining
about being hungry so it is time to get
this bad boy going hey I forgot to
mention this morning the way we do
things on this channel is everything is
all about the budget and how much things
cost and how we can you know make
everything mesh with our life so you
will see in the sides that I am tallying
up how much this recipe costs to make
and these are the actual prices that I
pay here in Washington DC so go ahead
and feel free to compare them to your
life where you live and see if the
prices are reasonable for your area most
of this stuff for this recipe was bought
at Costco so I'll be you know basing the
price off how much I use versus how much
it actually costs like we bought a 25
pound bag of rice and we didn't use 25
pounds in this recipe that would be a
lot so let's see how this looks very
excited a little nervous because you
know I don't know that this is gonna be
great
so first things first let's tear up our
chicken so now what I'm trying to do
here is get everything melted so when I
add the rice in it will go in like
smoothly and uniformly mixing really
smoothly and nicely
we're gonna add the rice and I'm doing
this in about 1/2 to 1/2 ratio of rice
to chicken and she is mixture and
because the rice I'm gonna put a little
more sour cream and of course I will be
adding more cheese
why because you can never have too much
cheese recipes like this why I eat all
vegetables twice a day for two meals a
day all I eat is fruits and vegetables
not even joking and I lose may I meet
your spoon if I'm gonna taste this ok so
I thought this would happen cuz I used
only jack cheese it's got a very jack
texture and taste to it I just spit food
out that happens so I'm actually gonna
make some cheddar cheese in with it I'm
gonna change up the ratios for the
recipe down in the description box my
recommendation for you would be like use
a Mexican blend of cheeses I think that
will be much better so I'm just gonna be
serving this with a bag o salad and
that's gonna be dinner so if you are
interested in more recipes I do put out
recipes and I started including the cost
of how much to make each recipe with
each recipe I upload so I'd love to have
y'all stick around and make sure you
click on that playlist and check out
some of the other collaborators so I'll
see you in the next one
see ya
we're out it's time to eat we're hungry
[Music]