[Music]
welcome back guys to the Snowy River
cabin this is a redesign of one of my
most popular builds we're doing it fresh
today what is going on Geeks unite the
CL here back in your life the first
Snowy River cabin was up on that hill
behind me there on the old Iron Mine
server and today we're going to be
redoing this thing we're going to take
it up a notch and going to do it in
style I'm much better at build guides
now so come on down here to my thatch
platform and we're going to get started
on this thing so the basics what do we
start with at the top of this thing
Patron shout out Joe B patron of mine
and Alexis arcade excited to have that
guy on our server thank you dude all
right 21.2 41.6 on the island in this
Frosty waterfall the Frozen Plains I
think it's called and here are your
materials I will paste that in the
description sorry the comments as well
so you don't need to panic and pause it
or copy it down but that's everything
you need guys we're going to start with
some Stone foundations so this is your
original platform size it is a 2x4 with
a little thing on the front and um the
2x4 uh we're going to go ahead and
replace all of that with stone
foundations like a so there you go
guys all
right now we are going to start with our
walls so we're going to start only on
these Stone foundations with our door
frame and that's the only one on this
first
level all right now some window
frames all right we're going to put one
on either side of the house facing
forwards and uh same thing on the back
basically on these two outside uh
foundations and there you go that's how
she's
looking ready there you
go all right guys now we're going to
fill in the rest of the space here with
some
walls so guys I always like to take a
second during these tutorials and say if
this is helping you out if you've seen
more of my tutorials in the past share
this around um let your friends know I
build these so your houses don't look
lame and people are sending me messages
saying yeah I don't live in a rectangle
anymore dude thank you all so that's
what I'm hoping for guys share this
thing around okay we're moving outside
everything else on the main floor with
stone walls and we're doing two
foundations wooden ones on the front
with ceilings just off to the side this
is mimicking the original Snowy River
cabin step by step so far there you
go all right guys go ahead and we're
going to add in a couple ramps if you
didn't build it in quite such a
ridiculous Place both your ramps will be
useful but I really wanted a good
screenshot more so than I wanted a
useful cabin so I built it here all
right cycle the snap points until you
find find the one for your ramp and it
should be looking like that all right
now couple of wooden fence foundations
now I'm going to place them on the
ceilings here and we're going to use
these to Anchor our pillars pillars are
kind of a key to this design and by the
way guys the audio didn't properly
capture for the first half of this so
you're going to get a little more of
this chilled Out acoustic music than
usual thank you to Josh Woodward people
used to complain that this music was way
too lame now you guys love it the Bob
Ross of Arc builds with chill music
doing step-by-step tutorial
all right those are your pillars guys if
you want you can take them all the way
to the ground and add in these are
temporary couple of thatch door frames
and right on top we're going to slap our
window frames I'm actually not sure this
step is necessary now that I'm doing it
um come on inside here guys we're going
to add in uh uh some
[Music]
ceilings all right so let's tuck these
right here in behind yet I totally
didn't need those thatg door frames so
skip that step you can go ahead and
probably take those out whenever you
like but this is what you're looking at
for uh The Loft this is um sort of a key
feature of this build so take these bad
boys out now we're going to add in um I
don't know some more finishing touches
to the front of this house
here all right settle in guys okay
standing torches is your next step put
these as close to the corner as you can
and we're going to go ahead and put
railings on either side of those
two and there we go beautiful so grab
your wood railings snap these on and
this is your front porch this is your
front deck and it's going to come
together real good there you
go okay cool that is how your corner
should be looking we'll have a closeup
look at it here guys and then drop a a
thatch ceiling on top these ones you do
need these are also temporary um and
then from there put on your sloped
ceiling so this is going to help us add
in uh some roof detail um so do this on
both sides I think I may have some
trouble here yep we'll be right
back
and there you
go all right guys so that's what you
should have after this step the place is
starting to come together all right out
here on your front porch you can take
these out and if you've done it properly
with the railings underneath those
little sloped walls should stay up um
and the reason you want to take those
out is is so that when you place the
walls above your window frames on the
front you don't have quite as much
trouble all right so you're going to
want uh door frames and you're going to
put them directly above your windows and
actually yeah yeah on the back as well
and I think I placed that first one
wrong so we're going to step in yeah
let's take this bad boy out and we're
going to actually move it over to the
right one here so this is going to be a
bedroom one of the things you guys like
the most about uh log cabin number one
was the fact that it had bedrooms and so
I'm trying to recreate that with this
build um go ahead and put a window frame
on the other side guys if you don't want
those facing uh the opposite way uh you
can go ahead and put ceilings on the
inside but window frames here in the
middle on the back and that is basically
what you do for window frames on your
second floor everything else I think I
think we're going to do walls for
everything else so let's do that
[Music]
now all right and that's how you should
be looking with your second floor
complete guys the next step is the Peaks
The Gables the Dormers so add in some
sloped uh walls up on each end we're
also going to do the same on the front
of the house so add in a wooden ladder
right here and come on up to this little
bedroom don't go anywhere guys we're
going to get some finishing touches up
here uh and I want to show you how we're
going to turn this little area into a
bedroom before we take on the second
half of the build um this is how you're
looking with all the points on your
roofs guys and uh I'm just going to add
a simple bed up here um but I think
after we do that that is probably going
to take us into the break and then um
after that we're going to add in a bunch
of interior touches we're going to do
the roof so I hope you guys will stick
around for the second half of the build
there is your
bedroom and we are back guys time to add
in some details that definitely didn't
exist in Snowy River cabin number one
this is where it becomes unique so a
wooden fence foundation and a pillar
there and a couple of wooden
ceilings so this is going to be a loft
we're going to add in a wooden railing
and another ladder here to the right if
I can manage beautiful and that's not
all guys I I think one thing this house
was lacking was something on the back it
was always kind of boring so we're going
to head out here we're going to add
ceilings all along the back and I kind
of want to add a little deck back here
this is reminiscent of the Log Cabin so
the next step here after you get your
ceilings in uh is to do uh some wooden
fence
foundations and I'm going to do them
here on the outer ones just like we did
on the front we're going to use these to
Anchor pillars just like we did on the
front so once you get those in you can
probably hop on down grab your stone
pillars and um once the you've got the
first one in you got to snap a second
one and you got to go at least until you
hit the ground I'm obviously having
trouble but then once you have connected
with the ground you can take the top one
out and the pillar won't stick so quite
so high up on your deck it'll just be
right there so we'll do the same thing
over here it should be a lot easier I
think we need three
here and we do perfect so take the top
one
out all right guys come on back up here
we're going to add in railings and that
is going to be what we need to make this
back deck feel like a deck all right so
railings all around on the
outside and this is a feature I I like I
like when I redo it's I'm never going to
redo this one again guys so I wanted to
redo it right that is your back deck
Beauty all right we're going to head
inside the house now we're going to do
uh I think our Windows now the first
house I never did any windows so grab
your Greenhouse doors put them up here
on the back porch and actually uh
anywhere on the second level that you
get a door frame except that little
bedroom space all right and that's how
you should be looking with your glass
door door frames now glass windows not
that one we're going to leave that one
empty and put them here and here so
there's four on the back two on the top
uh and two on the bottom and then
there's two more on the front right here
on the bottom under your doors all
right slap those in and these are your
windows guys I won't zoom out just have
a look around uh and I think we need to
add in uh a few more details we're not
going to do the greenhouse doors uh for
the rest of this place we're going to
use the reinforced wooden stuff so
reinforced wooden door slap that right
on the front and want to do that on
these windows but I always like that
these windows looked open on the
original version of the house so why
don't we hop down here and we'll see if
we can open them up from the outside so
that the window opens in instead of out
oops no good there you go we'll do the
same thing right up here
Beauty looking
good oh youra pooping okay guys come on
back inside we got a little more to do
here and I want to take this uh interior
up a notch and I think uh The Next Step
there is actually with this little
jerboa this little cutie so we're going
to grab this painting canvas and I also
have a fireplace so we put the fireplace
dead center in the middle you can put it
wherever you like guys whatever suits
you and your interior design don't do a
step-by-step copy add your own flare and
if you do come at me tweet at me at
unitetheclans I'd love to see your
version of this thing okay all right
guys so that is how we were looking I
didn't get it totally straight but it's
good enough so the next step little uh
wall mounted torch we're going to put
that right on the mantle above the
Hearth here and the next step can't be
the Bob Ross of Ark without a little
painting canvas so we'll add that there
and we'll come back to that later uh
more wall torches uh just on either side
of your door and um we also have those
standing torches on the corner so we
should have lots and lots of light if
you want you can add standing torches or
uh wall torches on the inside as well
and let me just kill the HUD here guys
and we're going to add in a sign the
snowy River cabin Canyon cabin I can't
type all right perfect yeah like I said
probably the last time I will ever write
those words on the outside of a house
the first one is like 20,000 people have
discovered it and I didn't want to redo
this until I felt confident that we
might be able to get back there with the
new version so this is how it's looking
guys come on in time for your slope roof
and I'm going to fly for the step of the
build it should be really easy to do put
up a ladder and climb up here if you
need to and do it in the order I am when
you're intersecting roofs try and go
clockwise around the place because if
you don't you'll have trouble
intersecting things so these two link up
perfectly if you went the other way
around you might have trouble same thing
will happen here where we have two
intersecting ceilings you want to get
the one on the left end first and then
this one perfect and that's your roof
guys let's go touch down here I'll walk
again okay perfect so that is how your
roof is looking that's how it looked on
the original Snowy River cabin but I
ain't done it was always missing a
feature and uh we're going to go ahead
and add two more right
here that's why we put in this thatch
sloped uh wall we'll put one there and
you might have to cycle your snap points
on this one yeah so there we go and now
we can go take out that
thatch all right watch out bear let's
hop down here take out you and we'll go
do the same thing on this side and I I I
meant to do this on the original version
and I just never did that's how she's
looking guys beautiful I like it all
right we're going to touch down here
again I had to fly to get you a good
screenshot of that
one all right now we are going to light
up some torches guys if you have it uh
throw spark powder in every single one
of these babies we got four torches on
the front just one that I've shown you
guys on the inside but in your version
you might have added a whole lot more
let me do the rest of these babies all
right we're all lit up on the outside
guys the Snowy River cabin coming
together definitely not done yet we
haven't even touched that painting
canvas so I hope you guys are still
watching
okay we'll throw uh some spark powder
here into this little torch and we'll do
the same thing with the fireplace and
then then I think it's time to do some
some painting a happy little painting
all right guys so inside my little jboa
I have a paint brush I also have a
camera so that is a brand new addition
to the game I also have a ton of every
paint so we'll grab those and this
camera you can actually take adorable
pictures check that out and um then
you're able to transfer them onto
canvases or signs it's awesome so if
this guy's got a level fingers crossed
the be emote is so cute that's what's
going to be the picture smile big
guy oh yeah say cheese beautiful all
right now we took two pictures they
should be the last two with the time
stamp when we hop in here at the
painting grab your paintbrush oh let's
put that bad boy out first grab your
paintbrush and then uh just smack the
painting and it should give you the
options you're about to see here ready
whoops there we go so second from the
bottom see those two that was the last
one we took I don't think it'll be as
good we're going to go with that 56
second mark one we'll click select in
the top right there it shows you exactly
what you need for dyes to do the
painting and then it's going to take a
little while so chill out for a sec guys
I will be right back all right I think
we're done not quite oh I like it that's
how it looks here let's back on out oh
it looks good I let grab the TCH shed a
little light on the situation yes that
looks great you're one man living out
here all by your lonesome you just need
a chair guys this the final step YouTube
thinks they know what they want you to
watch next instead you're going to watch
this a list of my building tutorials sit
back and enjoy I've made nine others of
these and I'm not all alone I guess I
got a dboa this has been the Snowy River
cabin Redux this is the last time I do
it so a nice slow Fade Out enjoy the
playlist guys thank you for watching