I am making a very simple coconut cake
so I am starting with the parchment
paper I put up put my pan here and then
I have to cut the corners out because if
you leave it in this little little part
wheel punch up and then it's got a new
good so I am showing you I cut out the
corner and then you can make a few cut
out of you for yourself and then you
don't have to do it each time and then
just save it in your door and that's how
I start I told you I show you everything
I still start with one egg but the
recipe will be on the YouTube side and
then if you don't see just click on the
show more okay I whip that up a little
bit now I can add my sugar one cup and 1
cup flour and then I can add a teaspoon
of baking soda and I can mix it like a
little bit like this and that's it I can
mix this together and I can add already
my half a cup of coconut water coconut
butter and had a cup of black the shadow
coconut I like to say coconut because I
am who put the lemon in my coconut I
loved him and I always say the coconut
like coconut I add adding the sour cream
I will add a little when you look great
Manila not much a little wrong and I
will add half a cup of oil
sour cream because you need every little
bit of it okay and I just mix that and
that's it for the cake easy and this
test will put the coffee or just alone
I already warm up my oven and I or my
warm up at four 3:55 already warm and I
just have to bake at 25 to 30 minutes
but everyday thing is depend on your
oven so don't tell me if it's not easy
to make cake and just put it in the
corner the letter give you see in 25 to
30 minutes
you see if you cut the corners out boom
watch together so that's why I rock
that's my recommendation for you which
is what I sell the help of coconut and
the top and you can even toast your
shredded coconut but i didn't have i
just came up the idea today so i didn't
have so that's the word cake and goes in
the oven for 25 to 30 minutes so the
cake is done
this is like little bit higher right now
i check that it's baked
lift that out and let it cool on the
head this will be played a little bit
that's why I use this but if you like
this recipe then you can double it and
then you can put it in a bigger pan if
you don't like the corner then you can
cut it off but I like the corners but I
am just showing you being this before
and now because my friend is here I
leave you thing just a letter because
she's on diet and then you just can't
cut it any way you want the size is up
to you it's still a little bit warm but
I kiss has to leave so I have to show
you what I did and I know he want to so
I have to put it to here but I am
Telling You is still hot and then you
can serve it with coconut ice cream if
you want you can see like the corner -
just like me so let me show you you can
have it with cappuccino espresso it's
delicious I try this way first and then
you can try it without to add more
coconut powder or coconut shell
delicious easy to make easy to make
coconut cupcake is ready and I am
showing you how you can serve it I think
if you could say that nicely even taste
better