there's quite a large quantity of people
watching this video right now who do
their smelting a little bit like this
they've just got some furnaces that kind
of dotted around inside their base and
then they they open it up they chuck in
some coal and they're like oh i need
some smooth stones so i'll place that in
there and i need i need a little bit of
glass so maybe just a tiny bit of coal
and a tiny bit of sand you guys get the
idea nothing is automated everything is
done manually now for those of you who
are a little bit more advanced you might
have something that looks a tiny bit
like this we've got our furnaces once
again exactly the same situation but now
you can place in all of your items up at
the top and you can place tons of items
in and they all flow into the two
furnaces and then we can also place in
boatloads of coal in this area right
here and they will also flow into the
furnaces and then any items that are
smelted will flow out through these
hoppers and down into this bottom chest
it's a tiny bit more advanced but things
can definitely improve so this rather
boring looking line of furnaces right
here is going to be transformed into a
super fast super smelter which will
allow us to smelt six different items at
exactly the same time and i have to say
there were far too many s's in that
sentence right there we're going to
start things off by placing the hoppers
that go into the top they're going to be
dropping in all of the items then we're
going to have a line of hoppers running
across like this which is going to
transport the items down the line so it
actually drops into each one of our
furnaces now this right here is going to
be the input chest for the items you
want to be smelting and out the back
we're going to have a comparator output
from this hopper right here which is
going to go into this block with a
redstone torch on the side and then a
repeater facing across like this with a
line of blocks
and then some redstone on top which is
going to be locking all of those hoppers
underneath and then we pretty much want
to repeat exactly the same thing on the
other side so we're going to have a
bunch of hoppers running into the sides
of all of those furnaces right there
then up at the top we're going to have a
block and then a line of hoppers once
again and we're going to take a
comparator output running out from this
hopper which is going to go out into our
block with a redstone torch right there
and then a block with a repeater and
then redstone dust running all the way
across like this so that is all of the
coal circuitry and you can place in a
chest for all of your coal and then at
the bottom we're just going to add in
another chest right here and we're going
to place in a line of hoppers and that
will do it
there is your super smelter all done and
dusted we now have six furnaces that can
work in unison now i know that this
design is incredibly simple but i
promise you it actually works really
quite well if we place in all of the
items up in the top chest and then we
place in all of our coal in this chest
right here you will see that the
redstone occasionally switches off so
the redstone switches off there and then
flicks off there and it does it every
now and again and that is because the
way that this system actually functions
is the items travel across in all of
these hoppers so you can see the items
will make their way across and then once
they do when the final item hits this
hopper right here it powers the
comparator which actually unlocks all of
these hoppers allowing all of the items
which there will be one in each one of
the hoppers to drop down into these
hoppers and then they'll drop down into
the furnaces so you can see we've got 11
and 11 we've got 12 and 12 12 and 12 12
and 12 12 and 12 and so on and so forth
you have a completely even distribution
between all of the furnace which means
that this thing is really really
efficient but just because it's
efficient doesn't mean that we can't
make it more efficient by adding more
and more furnaces so let's try working
that one out so i guess the most obvious
place to start was to extend out our
entire system to the maximum length of
this redstone line right here so no
circuitry changes have happened i
haven't changed the way that the system
works or anything like that i've just
extended it so now we have 15 furnaces
as opposed to six furnaces now
everything seems to be working quite
smoothly everything is still being
separated out perfectly and all of the
items are flowing in incredibly quickly
into the chest as you can see right here
but i have spotted one slightly strange
issue which is this furnace
it just it never fills up that being
said the system is working very nicely
14 furnaces working all at once leads to
a very efficient and quick smelting
system
but i i feel like we can do much better
than this
yeah let's let's increase the size a
little bit well that was a fairly simple
improvement i mean we've just got twice
as many modules we have this chest in
the center we chuck in the items and it
will get sorted out between these two
hoppers right here and it will
eventually make its way down into the
system i mean
it's pretty good isn't it
like that is a really really simple way
to get how many is that 28 furnaces all
working at once
28 furnaces all working at once
i'm interested to see how fast this
thing actually is
because it's got to be rapid when they
start flying in you look they're coming
in two at a time
that's pretty good
that's pretty good i think
i kind of want to experiment with
something and here it is this little
system right here will separate items
from a double chest into four separate
hopper strings you can see we've got one
line of hoppers running off like this
one line of hoppers running down there
one running down there and one running
off in this direction and that's all
thanks to these hopper minecarts so if i
dump in a bunch of coal into this large
chest first off you'll see how fast the
items actually get removed but also you
can see that we have coal there coal
going through there we've got coal going
through there and coal going through
there as well feeding into all of our
different systems so if this thing works
correctly which by the look of things it
does
we should have
14 14 14 14 that's 28 times 2 which
means we've got 56
furnaces active all at once
56
it looks like it's about as fast as
hoppers can manage
it's constant we've managed to make a
constant furnacing system
look at this thing
oh i so need to get one of these on the
hermitcraft server
it doesn't stop
there's a backlog there is a backlog of
items running in
how insane is that
that is completely bonkers it's actually
too fast for hoppers to handle and with
that ladies and gentlemen i think we're
going to call it a day i mean this is
this is fantastic and not actually
that expensive you could easily build
this in survival mode i personally could
build this in one episode of hermitcraft
for sure and that is definitely
something that i'm going to be doing in
the future because it is spectacular and
well i kind of want to set up like a
glass shop or something i mean imagine
how imagine how easy that would be it'll
be like three freaking diamonds anyway
ladies and gentlemen i hope you have
enjoyed this little video right here if
you did please rule to that like button
and if you really loved it then make
sure to subscribe but thanks for
watching guys this has been mumbo and
i'm out i'll see you later
[Music]
[Music]
you