welcome back once again to helps cook
great food calm if you haven't already
please subscribe to our Channel ok gonna
make some amazing beautiful lamb chops
today in a kind of chick out Indian
style so let me run through some
ingredients well obviously going to have
some lamb chops I'm going to do about
ten or twelve of these but let's look at
these spices here I've got about 300
grams of a plain yogurt or curd I've got
one lemon going to squeeze in I've got a
load of fresh coriander they're given
one for flavor fresh chilli I mean I've
got about seven or eight chilies they're
entirely up to you your choice really ok
1 tsp tumeric or healthy half a teaspoon
of cardamom green cardamom powder
teaspoon of salt teaspoon of cumin
powder a teaspoon of coriander powder
teaspoon of chili powder here I've got a
teaspoon or just under of a red to
orange color to make it a fantastic
color you'll see become very apparent
when into the mix here I've got a very
heat teaspoon of garlic ginger paste
50/50 mix of fresh garlic and ginger I'm
going to add a little touch of oil to
this not too much at all I think that's
about it let's go and do it so in a
mixing bowl which is going to be big
enough to take all of our lamb chops
don't forget that's quite a lot in there
I've got my yogurts we're gonna start by
adding our fresh chilling that half a
teaspoon of green cardamom powder
a teaspoon of salt a teaspoon of cumin
echo haldi
that's his spoon of cumin powder a
teaspoon of coriander powder a teaspoon
of chili powder
then my throwing our garlic ginger mix
just wonderful squeeze a lemon you could
use lime if you want I just refer lemon
in this one then we're gonna put this in
now once you put this color in you have
to be very careful I mean if you mix
this in your hands you're gonna get
you'll end up with red and orange hands
so let's give this a mix here as you can
see that it's that color that's giving
that very familiar and do it ticker-type
vibrant less about it really vibrant I'm
going to add a little touch of oil that
was like a tablespoon
and then going to get in our fresh
coriander I use quite a lot in this I
just love it let's get that mixed in and
a small amount of chopped onion wow wow
wow wow now simply we're gonna get our
lamb chops in there I mean you could
obviously be doing this from chicken or
pork or beef probably fish like ice I'm
using about 10 or 12 of these chops now
you can mix these around like this or if
you want to do get your hands in maybe
with some rubber gloves or something you
know some protection we need to cover
this now and refrigerate it for a
minimum of four hours I mean there's no
point going for this process if you're
gonna do it for less quite frankly
ideally overnight that's what I'm going
to be doing so I'm gonna get some shrink
wrap over this pop it your maverick
frigerator and I tear that's literally
servant I mean really really they smell
so amazing right now I'm going to grill
these on my BBQ on a charcoal barbecue
but inside up to you you can do these no
problem on a flat skillet or frying pan
just a dry pan if you don't have access
to a barbecue really easy just going to
take them out and pop them straight in
your pan or on your barbecue simple
simple simple
see you later