hey there how's it going everybody today
I'll be sharing with you a quick easy
and cheap way that you can get a jump
start on your growing season by starting
your seeds indoors using plastic cups
for today's demonstration I'll be using
two different size cups and I'll be
sharing with you why that is in a moment
first I've got these 18 Oz
cups and I've also got some 16 oz cups
these are my preferred sizes so the
first step is to go ahead and make some
drainage holes and I'll be using the
larger cup for this step now I found
there's three really easy ways to
accomplish this first you can just get
yourself a simple smaller drill bit and
drill a few holes in the
[Music]
bottom now although this is effective
the holes are less than perfect and they
leave some rough edges around them it
also leaves behind plastic shavings that
need to be cleaned up now the second
method I'll be sharing with you is to
Simply use a smaller soldering iron now
this method really makes quick work out
of making the drainage holes and they're
very clean
looking the only downside to doing it
this way is it leaves some plastic fumes
in the air so ventilation is
key now the third way you can make
drainage holes is to just simply grab a
pair of scissors and make some slick
cuts on the bottom of your
cups the great thing about this method
is just about everybody has a pair of
scissors lying
[Music]
around next you're just going to want to
fill up your cup with some nice potting
[Music]
soil and here here's why I suggest using
two different Siz cups you can put the
larger cup in the smaller cup and
that'll work as a drainage
tray so when I'm working with larger
seeds like these squash here I'll just
plant those directly into these cups
like
so when planting out smaller seeds I
actually prefer to plant these out in
these Peete pellets now I've made a
video in the past demonstrating how I go
about doing this so if you're interested
check the link below this video in the
description
box after just a couple weeks weeks
using this method you should have
yourself a nice Little Seedling with
some healthy Roots growing on it then
I'll just make a little divot in the
soil and plug the planton in and we're
good to
[Music]
go and finally all I'm going to do now
is give these pots a little bit of
[Music]
water you can see here how the second
cup catches all that excess water this
will also give an aggressive plant with
plenty of roots a little bit of space to
grow out of the pot rather than become
root bound from here you can easily
place this on a window
[Music]
sill or under some grow lights until the
weather warms up and you can see here I
have all these plants set a top of tray
so there's no need for the Double Cup
[Music]
system well that's it for now everybody
thanks for watching and as always I hope
this video finds you and finds you well
out in the world and out in your garden
planting more abundance in your life
take care everybody I'll be talking to
you again
[Music]
soon