guys my dining room is my most favorite
room to decorate so it is one of the
first rooms that I'd like to refresh in
the beginning of the year so every
January I decide to do a refresh in my
home and this year is no different
last year I started my refresh with new
chairs I purchased these cream chairs
with silver nail heads and I got them
from JC Penney's and then recently I
showed in a hall that I purchased this
pillow as well as this runner and I got
them both from home goods and that
started my refresh so guys I'm not sure
if you have noticed but I have painted
my dining room and the color is Revere
pewter from Benjamin Moore so now that
my room is painted I am ready to
decorate and I am starting here with
this at my buffet with this oversized
it's actually a candle holder but I'm
using it as a vase and then I'm placing
a smaller candle holder next to it and
then here comes the unexpected my rustic
wooden horse
[Music]
and I got that from a local store but Z
Gallerie does carry it and then next I
have my beautiful candle holder that I
got from TJ Maxx I'm adding a little
greenery and since Valentine's Day is
quickly approaching I'm going to go
ahead and add a little love sign and get
a jumpstart on Valentine's decorating
okay and I'm turning on my
battery-operated lights and that is the
start of my refresh so guys I will show
you a complete dining room makeover in a
later video I want to thank you guys for
watching and I will see you soon in
another video bye bye
[Music]