from balme to doing gabana we saw how
the SS 2012 brr was filled with B prints
whether it is a tropical print Botanical
floral or geometric prints both patterns
and color blocks are definitely set for
popularity in the spring and summer 2012
this dress that we're about to show you
how to make is a very simple boatneck
top with no special opening the length
comes up to mid thigh and has an hline
shape that does not expose too much of
the figure you can also purchase this
dress at w w.q homer.com we'll put the
link below the description box so hope
you enjoy and stay
tuned first draw straight line which
will represent the center of the bodies
then lay your favorite top on top of the
line that you have just drawn and make
sure the line matches the center of your
top we're only going to trace a half of
the top since they are symmetrical on
both sides so let's start tracing the
front and back of the neck shoulder
armhole and the singam
check the shape of the armhole by
lifting up and down the Garment if you
achieve the concave shape then you're
correct the bottom Hem of the dress can
have a straight line or slightly curved
line as it goes towards the scene it all
depends on your preference for us we
chose to have a slightly curved hem as
it riches towards the scene
we decided to drop the front neck a
little bit lower than our original top
if you also want to drop the front neck
line like us simply Mark your desire
length of the center Front neck at the
center line and draw and blend the line
until it reaches the tip of the
shoulder when you're tracing the sleeve
armhole it should end up within letter s
like shape we will recommend using a
tracing wheel to trace it rather than
using the method that we use to trace
the armhole of the top tracing wheel is
a device that has a roller with sharp
pointy tips to helps to leave trace on
the paper the later we can go over the
trace with pencil so that it is more
visible
make sure the underarm and the center of
the arm is
straight now let's give them a steam
allowance
to clean finish front and back neckline
and the Hem of the dress we're going to
create a facing facing is simply a layer
of fabric that is attach to the inside
of a garment to neaten the raw edges and
provide reinforcement of the Garment
we're going to create a two in width of
the facing so lay a paper on top of the
dress hem and Trace everything including
the center line hem and the sing but
only until you reaches 2 in in width
again for the neck facing place a paper
on top of the neck and Trace everything
including the center line neckline and
the shoulder until it reaches 2 in in wi
do the same thing for the front neck as
well
as you have already noticed all the
center lines of the patterns are unfold
meaning they won't have a seam line
therefore when you're placing your
pattern on top of a folder fabric make
sure the center line of the pattern
matches the folder line of the
fabric place a front bodies on top of
the back bodies with correct side facing
together and so the side seam and the
shoulder for the sleeve fold the sleeve
in half with correct side facing
together and sew the underarm
SE to clean finish the Hem of the sleeve
folded in/ qu inch
twice now sew the sleeve armal into do
the body's arm with correct side facing
together make sure the under arm line
matches with the side seam of the bodies
for the facing that we have created
we're going to spray no free spray all
over the edges to make sure the raw
edges of the facing won't Fray we're
going to place a paper on top of the
fabric to make sure we spray only along
the
edges once you're finished sew the
shoulder seam of the front and back neck
facing together and then sew the side
seam of the front and back hem facing
with the correct side facing together so
the front neckline of the bodies with
the front neck facing the seam allowance
will be a/4
in continue the exact same step for the
Hem of the dress
once you're finished with sewing the
facings to the Garment press a raw edges
of seam allowance towards the
facing make sure to clip each corners of
the raw edges seam allowance on the neck
area for better ease and comfortable
fit finally top stitch on top of the
facing close to the seam this process
will help the facing to lay flat on the
inside of the Garment rather than
sticking
out this hline dress can be easily
incorporated into office wear Formal
Wear or for party and night outs the
colors are screaming for spring and is
full of energy and excitement the key to
this dress is the combination of the
Simplicity in the construction of the
dress and the vibrant and delicious
colors hope you all enjoyed this
tutorial and please make sure to follow
our blog we'll post a link down below
the description box also if you would
like to purchase this dress please
follow our tumbller the link to it will
also be posted down below the
description box as always have fun and
thanks for watching