[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
hey there how are you today this is it's
wonderful I'm catching in you in Between
The Raindrops right now um today I'm
going to talk to you about making a
drink called switchel now switchel
drink is a drink that originated in the
Caribbean and it's made with
ginger apple cider
vinegar um some
lime you can choose molasses or
honey but let me tell you why I decided
to make this now I belong to a number of
fermentation groups I discovered
fermentation I should say again cuz I
had made craut many many years ago but
it didn't turn out right anyway so I
discovered fermentation learned how to
make
sauerkraut um how to do
um what I want to say uh a thing called
kombucha and on this channel there is a
video on making Kucha well I have been
suffering from some sinish issues and I
wanted to find a way
to take care of it
naturally and so I went out and you know
I do my normal internet search and
looked on quite a few sites and one of
them was using apple cider vinegar well
apple cider vinegar is good for you for
a number of reasons and you can drink it
you know in
water and it was talking about doing an
apple cider vinegar multiple times in a
day and I went okay but I'm not too
happy about apple cider vinegar and
water just by myself and I had seen this
re recipe for switchel uh a while back
so it was in my fermentation group of
recipes and so I decided to make it last
night as a matter of fact and I did do
some taping for you so you can see how
to make it and let me tell you it I
didn't strain this one I should have
strained it before I did it but I'm
going to tell you it is a really good
drink um I'm going to be making this
more often well until I get my sinuses
together anyway I'll be making it often
but it is a nice alternative to
Lemonade for summer it's an alternative
to a lot of sweet drinks this is not a
sweet drink and it's a little spicy and
I also read that people use it for mixed
drinks so you can use it for that also
you know do but I'm enjoying it I didn't
even put it on ice it's just in refriger
Ator so you can put it on ice you can
put um sparkling soda with it I'm even
thinking that I could add a little of
grape juice to it or a little bit
of
Jen anyway but the idea is it's a great
drink so by the way when I was recording
last night I I was trying to pause in
between and you'll see that in in the
video as we go on and then I realized I
paused but I never restarted so I missed
the part where I was actually Mi mixing
the information mixing them together but
I've got some information that I'll put
in there for
you now according to Wikipedia switchel
or Ginger water originated in the
Caribbean and and what I'm using today
is hind
unfiltered apple cider vinegar with the
mother this is some uh black strap
molasses or honey and I'm going to be
using the honey today and then I buy
distilled water and with it just works
for me you can use Spring Water you can
use bottled water that's my 2 in of
Ginger already
peeled and then a lime those are the
things that I'm going to use today so
the first thing we need to do is really
grate up that Ginger and while that
Ginger is grating let me tell you that
as I said it was originated in the
Caribbean and it became a popular drink
in the American colonies in the late
1600s now this vinegar and ginger drink
became popular again in the 19th century
um um and it was served to quench farmer
thirst during the day when they were
harvesting hay so it really is a fun
recipe and I you know I plan on playing
with it a little bit I hate this part
about scraping that thing it's you know
it's kind of hard sometimes when you're
grating uh your Ginger or anything else
so I'm going to put four o four cups of
water in this
um two quart canning jar and there's a
line on the jar that tells me how many
cups of water I'm putting in there so
that's the 4 cup line that I'm putting
the information in I'm going to scrape
the ginger in
gingerly now and make sure that I get it
all and you know even if you use more
than a 2in piece I'm since this was an
experi experiment I'm I use just 2 in
but I think I could use you know maybe
another half inch for that now when it
turned out this lime is very hard I mean
I'm working to get that zest and what I
should have done was just peel it you
know using a vegetable peeler and just
peel it and then just kind of do did
some chopping on it but I persevere
and I work to get that green part off
and it makes a difference in the flavor
of the drink let me tell you it it
really
did um so yes so we're making use of
this so here's where I talked about yeah
pause the video and
then guess what I added everything and
then it stopped so I added the ginger I
added the
lime juice and
the apple cider vinegar and the honey
and that red thing on the counter that's
what I use to get the juice out of the
line it's a juicer of some Ty that my
daughter bought it and I think it is an
awesome thing so now I'm putting it in
the refrigerator so you place the jar in
the refrigerator overnight enjoy over
ice and you've got a great
drink so I want to tell you it is a
great drink I'm glad I made it oh and
I'm going to let you know whether this
apple cider vinegar and the ginger is
going to help clear up my sinuses so you
all take care till next
[Music]
time
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]