what's up guys today I want to make a
video I'm going to do um a tie dye
little experiment I bought this stuff
from Walmart some RIT liquid dye and
also some like dye
concentrate um going to try both of
these see which one
works so if you guys want to see how
they turn out um I'm probably going to
do like a couple of shirts um probably
two maybe maybe three I'm not sure all
right guys
um I mix in the dye I used the liquid
one first cuz it's uh the color I really
wanted and it says mix in um mix it with
hot water about half the bottle with uh
3 gallons of water like hot water I
didn't really do that I just did
whatever filled it up and that was it
so
um pretty much this is what it looks
like right
now and I'm just going to let it soak
for about I don't
know 20 minutes or so so here's the
finished product for one of them well
actually two of them this one actually
didn't bleach um did a little something
different um you can see it has line
patterns down the uh down the middle
this one I tie dyed and it
uh just pretty much did a simple one two
lines down the middle this one didn't
turn out as well as I wanted it to um I
rolled it up from the side from this
side or no this side I'm sorry I rolled
it up from this side and then tied it up
and uh you can see one side's darker
than the other so I kind of messed up on
that one but um I'll probably just end
up dying that one whole the whole color
um and then I got one over here that I
did a little bit better um I didn't roll
it up or anything I just tied it off and
it it seems to look pretty good I
haven't taken it off or washed it yet
but um yeah I think I'm going to do one
other shirt too as well a uh not a
v-neck but just a regular cotton t-shirt
and uh see how that one turns out so