hello this is Gary oer and this is
another edition of Gary's garage Inside
Edition we got a special
guest okay so today we got a special
guest his name is Arthur again and uh
today I want to talk to you about
something an appliance it's called a
refrigerator just a couple things I want
to talk to you about uh Something Real
Simple that I didn't know about until
just recently
is
you know most
refrigerators most
refrigerators
have wheels on
them and as you can see it's on the
stand well when I purchased the
house it wasn't on the stand and also
something that uh wasn't done was if you
look up here this thing is jammed up
against the
uh this
cabinet so what does that mean well most
refrigerators if you open them up they
should close by
himself and this one doesn't do it
because it's not up high enough so what
you want to do is raise up those feet
that I showed you and that'll help you
have the doors closed now this one if
you leave the door open it'll uh it'll
beep at you so it'll let you know that
your kids open the doors so anyways and
they didn't close it so anyways this is
Gary over this is Gary's garage