Hey g'day welcome to the simple cooking
Channel today Heather and I are going to
show you how to make snickerdoodles
these are so good so yummy let's go get
a mixing Cup like this or a bowl
whatever putting one-and-a-half cups of
plain flour or all-purpose flour and
half a teaspoon of baking soda one
teaspoon of cream of tartar and about a
quarter of a teaspoon of pink Himalayan
rock salt just mix this together a
little bit now get a large mixing bowl
Chuck in half a cup of softened butter
and half a cup of granulated sugar and
quarter of a cup of brown sugar now I
want to beat this together just until
it's light and fluffy could take a
couple of minutes
then add 1 egg and 1 teaspoon of vanilla
extract now mix this together now get
the gray get the gray get the dry
ingredients and add them slowly while
this is on loan
getting the plate or a ball put in some
ground seven some sugar just mix them
together a little bit like the bus now
get the mixture about a tablespoon or so
roll into balls and then roll them in
the mixture and put them on some baking
paper or baking tray or something now
turn your oven on to 180 degrees Celsius
which is about 375 degrees Fahrenheit
pop them in for about 12 to 15 minutes
and they should be done
yummy
do not know
you want to try God that was the fastest
I've ever seen did yummy should I try
these are ridiculously good I'll see you
next time
for my next meal