no tearing no scuffing nos hey guys
what's up Jeff here again to orient your
fitness in the right direction
so today I'm going to be talking to you
guys about how the memory foam pillow or
this thing right here I'm gonna be
talking to you about how can help you
both sleep better and feel better in
your life because your sleep position is
actually very important even though you
may not even realize it because you
could be doing everything else in your
life correctly you could be walking
around with perfect posture you can be
exercising in the gym with perfect form
but if you're not sleeping in a correct
position for many hours each day that's
going to cause problems over time let me
give you an example of a bad sleep
position that can cause problems over
time many people then sleep on their
side and when many people they sleep on
their side they leave a space between
their neck and the pillow so there's a
space between their neck and the pillow
so this happens to people what can tend
to happen is there the head
can tend to fall to that side if there's
a space there so what do you think is
going to happen if you're in that
position for hours at a time what's
going to happen is the muscles here are
going to get stretched and the muscles
on this side are going to get tight and
that's causing a muscular imbalance
right there so muscles that shot down
your head to the same side which can
include muscles like your upper
trapezius your levator scapulae your
scallions these muscles that side bend
your head to the same side they can get
tightened here and more loose over here
so if you're very tight over here that
can lead to problems like tension
headaches it can lead to shoulder pain
neck pain it can potentially lead to
trapped nerves because when your scalene
muscles are very tight it can affect a
nerve bundle called the brachial plexus
that originates from your neck and
travels all the way down your arm to
your fingers it has branches all the way
down so if you're getting entrapment up
here due to your scaling muscles being
very tight it can lead to symptoms like
nerve symptoms like pain ting
the numbness and burning sensations
traveling down your arm which isn't very
pleasant obviously so essentially what
you want to do is you want to sleep with
a neutral cervical spine your cervical
spot is your spot at your next back
portion so you want to sleep with your
head not too far down not too far up not
side bend you want a neutral spine
that's going to allow you to pretty much
sleep better and feel better and what's
really good about the memory foam pillow
is that it as a contour to it like this
so it has a contour it comes down like
that it's not flat a flat pillow might
not adequately support you in that
position but a contoured pillow can
because it is being contoured it goes
right into your neck like that and now
that's giving you adequate support
because of that contour and it's very
comfortable too which I really like it's
very comfortable so you can sleep like
that if you fold up a regular flat
pillow you might not be being adequately
supported you can lose that position
throughout the night if you change
position but this pillow it really it
gives you a lot of support I really like
it I just started recently using it and
I really like it it's a great pillow so
essentially to sum things up it gives
you great support when you're sleeping
on your side it supports you when you're
sleeping on your back the worst position
by far sleeping is on your stomach
because if you sleep with the pillow
right here head like that you can't
breathe you're going to suffocate so
pretty much don't sleep on your stomach
cause you got to rotate your head that's
going to create those muscle imbalances
that I talked about you want to sleep
with a neutral spine so sleep on your
back sleep on your side don't sleep on
your stomach and the memory foam pillow
is great for getting you the support
that you need to avoid problems that are
caused by bad sleeping positions
all right guys hopefully you found that
video informative this has been Jeff
once more orienting your fitness in the
right direction if you liked that video
please thumb it up comment on the video
and subscribe to my channel and until
next time I'll see you guys wait