hey how's it going this is Rob from
Justin's toys and today I'm gonna teach
you how to make a new design invented by
me called the super 7 link fishtail also
as a bonus I'm going to show you how to
make the super 7 skip link fishtail on
the monster tail as well so these are
all different color schemes some of them
are 7 links and some of them are 6 links
and you'll see in the video what I mean
by those numbers and I'm going to show
you how to make these on the rainbow
loom and these two are the skip link
variations which I will show you how to
make on the monster tail so let's get
started okay so the setup for this loom
is very simple you just have to have
three bar pins all facing the same
direction and everything is perfectly
aligned so you can take your hook and do
one of these and just have a base on
both ends of the loom that way it's
secure and we're just going to be using
these three pegs right here to do it on
the monster tail instead of using these
three pegs we're just going to be using
these three pegs okay so for my bracelet
in this tutorial I'm going to do the
same exact color scheme except I'm going
to swap the clears with glow-in-the-dark
white so at this point I'm grabbing my
Center fishtail color which is all
around white mane so just one white okay
alright
and I want to triple cap this if you
know how to triple cap this good for you
but if you don't I'm going to have my
hook on the right of this rubber band
bring it through the loop bring it
around the top of this band touch my
skin right here bring it through the
loop and bring it
hind down this time and I'm brushing
against my skin and I'm going in front
of this bomb band and then I'm just
gonna push so as you can see there's
three ends right here and that is going
to be my capped triple cap band that I'm
applying to this bottom left peg right
here all right push them bring it all
the way to the bottom and at this point
I'm going to grab another white and
place it on these two pegs and the love
it's just now I want to grab another
white and place it right here on top so
just like a fishtail that's how you
start it off and at this point I want to
grab my first color of my rainbow which
is red and we are ready to begin
looping so we're going to grab all three
ends of this triple cap right here and
we're going to bring it up and over
okay we're going to push down and then
we're going to put one white on top just
like that and then we're going to bring
up the bottom white on both of these
pegs so one over here and on this side
we're going to bring the bottom white up
but we want to go inside this band right
here so we're going in we're having just
that bottom bring it up and over okay
so next we want to grab a color Bend so
next in line for my rainbow is pink
place it on the two right pegs then grab
another white push down and make some
space and place it on the two left pegs
and again we're going to bring up just
the
White's on these two pegs so one make
sure you get inside these colored bands
grab just that bottom bring it up and
over time okay now the reason why this
is called Super seven link fishtail is
because we're going to repeat this
process until there is a total of seven
colored bands on this peg so next in
line for my rainbow is orange and grab a
white key sit on top just like this and
grab the bottom white on both these two
left pegs again get inside over here and
grab that white bring it up push down
repeat and and just turn next yellow
white and and push down neon green
right up up just bottom bring it up so
as you can see right now I have one two
three four five six bands on this white
peg which means I have one more and then
we start switching up the sequence so
why are green and white just the bottoms
one and two and this is where it
switches up you're gonna go on this
rightmost peg and grab the furthest
bottom one which is the first one we
start with this red we're going to bring
it around and over into the center of
this fishtail okay push down make sure
these are always in order it's kind of
like a fishtail you always want to make
sure the bottom bands on the bottom and
none of these bands are overlapping so
now we're going back to our sequence so
this is the new start of the sequence
grabbing one color putting it on the two
right one white playing on the two left
pegs and then bringing up the bottom
white bands on both left two pegs one
get in front of all of these just that
bottom way too and then that bottom
rainbow
bring me all the way around this
rightmost peg and to the center of the
fish to so that is that complete
sequence and now it just gets routine
going to get a lot easier I'm going to
go a little faster just so you can
understand the sequence so one two three
okay push down grab color color the
color white one two three push down
color by the white one two three push
down wrap of color wrap white
one two three
easy right red white one two three
okay so eventually you'll see it starts
to get congested over here and what you
can do is you just pull it forward and
tug on it a little bit eventually it'll
go out and I'm just going to continue
this whole entire thing until this is
long enough to fit around my wrist so I
will be back once it's about six and a
half inches
all right so I'm approaching the end
because it is getting long enough fit
around my wrists and just going to do
yes three more colors before I start to
end it okay this is going to be my last
color that I'm applying push down and
now instead of putting on the rainbow
colors we're just going to put White's
on top
bring the bottom of both whites up just
like we did before and then bring the
bottom rainbow color up into the center
so push down you don't have to grab a
color we're just grabbing one white
putting it on top grabbing the bottom
and on the two left pegs so it's white
I'm grabbing that bottom color bring it
up and over and push down I have another
white bring the bottom white on both of
these two left pegs up I'm bringing up
just that bottom color up and over to
the center
push down grab another white and yep
bottom bottom and over that neon orange
to the center stone here have another
white and up the bottom the bottom bring
up the color up and over and I got the
white leg up the color and right here we
have two White's on these ends this
point you still want to bring up that
bottom white so one and two and right
over here you can bring this white up
and over to this peg so that we can
click these two so at this point
grab a c-clip and then clip these two
white ends you just going to do is hold
it about halfway pull on this and just
grab those two okay
that's you have both of that flip off
and consumable zoom out and focus that
is what it looks like we can just tug on
it just to have it reach its natural
state which is way more killing okay and
then take the c-clip right here as you
can see it naturally curls one way and
that's the way you want to curl it you
want to clip these three ends of that
triple cap and that we started with so
I'm just going to identify those three
which is these right here and I'm going
to apply it back onto the loom went on
to that peg so that it's easier to clip
slip that and again right here we're
just going to bring this down clip it
and pull it off okay so there you have
it that is the completed Super seven
link fishtail this way that I have it
clipped you can even wear it flat just
like a triple link chain so right now
I'm going to show you how to start it
even though it's pretty self-explanatory
but I'm going to utilize this time to
teach you how to make the Skip super
link variation which is this right here
as you see this is a normal one regular
7 super link fishtail and this is the
skip super link so you're basically just
skipping the links and the first thing
you want to do to start it off is triple
cap this so I'm not going to teach you
how to do it again just gonna do it put
it on that left peg and grab another
green place it on these two pegs and
then grab a silver cuz this is my colors
and then grab another green place it on
these two oh this is a reflective band
place it on these two and at this point
when you have two greens you want to
grab that triple cap green on the bottom
left peg all three ends and then just
bring it up okay now normally I would
grab another silver and place it here
but since this is the skip link
variation I'm not grabbing a silver and
I'm just grabbing a green and I'm
placing it on top just like this again
we're grabbing both bottoms of the
greens one here but the other green you
got to make sure you're going inside
this silver and grab that green and
bring it up okay then push down now you
want to grab a silver place it on the
two right pegs and then grab a green
place it on the two left pegs and again
bring up the bottom greens on both sides
one peg over here again get into these
Silver's and bring up that bottom green
just the bottom green making sure the
order is still intact okay next we're
skipping a link so we're not grabbing a
silver we're grabbing a green and we're
placing it here and bring up the bottom
greens on the two left pegs again
getting in that silver okay push down
and now we're doing the link so grab a
silver lacing on the two right pegs and
grab a green place it on these two check
again bring up the bottom greens one and
two okay so once there's three links
over here and you are placing a fishtail
ban on normally this is when you bring
up the bottom greens so bottom two
greens just like that and you're also
finally bringing that link up all right
up and to the center just like that once
you do that next is grabbing a silver
and grabbing the green so eventually
you'll see a routine I'm just gonna
count bring it up and bring it up
this is how I keep track next is just
going to be a regular green so you're
placing one on top then you're bringing
up the bottoms one two then the silver
okay push down then silver and green
okay and then we're just bringing up the
bottom of the greens one two then one on
top one two three
then two on top one to bring up one two
so it's basically 1 2 1 2 and then 1 1 2
3
I know that sounds really confusing but
basically 1 1 2 3 push down 1 2 1 2
one one two three push down one two one
two one one two three all right so
that's pretty much the whole entire
cycle I'm just going to continue this
until it's long enough as you can see
it's starting to grow and I will be
right back 1 2 1 2 1 1 2 3 1 2 1 2 1 1 2
3 1 2 1 2 1 1 too late 1 2 1 2
okay so at this point looks like it's
long enough you can see so I'm gonna
stop putting the links on and silver
bands and I'm only going to continue
putting on green bands so the last set
that I put on with silver in green this
time I'm just putting a regular green on
top bringing up the two okay and get to
the center then I'm taking another
regular green and putting on the left
two pegs bringing up the bottoms too but
this time I'm bringing the silver in
okay so again a green bring up the
bottoms get another green and this time
we're going to bring up the silver one
two three
again another green just regular one too
and this one we're just bringing up the
bottom green one two three and then
we're going to bring this screen over to
this peg and we're going to clip these
two things right here so grab a c-clip
get in there bring this up once you have
them both clip pull it off okay
and then straighten it out once you have
to straighten it out find that triple
cap then that we started with grab all
three ends I'm just going to apply this
back on to the monster tail so it's
easier to clip all these three hugs
around this peg just like that
make sure it's wrapped around straight
because it should be perfect as you can
see straight and clip it
all right so I got all three ends over
there pull it off okay so that is the
skip link variation as you can see
there's more gaps in between so it kind
of gives it a different look that is the
completed Super seven link fishtail
right this is Rob from Justin's toys I
hope you enjoyed this tutorial please
like it and share it if you enjoyed it
and blooming