hey everybody it's been the mechanic
again here in the beautiful Tennessee
check out what I got going for you guys
today
this is a really awesome 1998 I think
Isuzu Trooper
this is like pretty much exactly the
same car as the Honda Passport they made
like 97 98 97 98 as soon as the troopers
were the same this came with a 3.5 which
is the mode you're seeing 3.5 V6 they
also made a 3.2
I got a bunch of customers that have
these and as I say sometimes in my
videos when it rains it pours you always
end up with like plenty of isuzu's to
work on you know it's either isuzu's or
BMWs or whatever it is man you know it
just always it comes in twos or threes I
never ever see it just one usually at a
time
so anyway the point of this video is to
show you guys what can happen if you
don't keep oil in your car I tell people
all the time
you know if you want to make your car
last forever it's not rocket science all
you got to do is keep water and oil in
it okay
that's all you got to do you keep water
in it you keep oil in it don't let the
 water overheat and don't let the
oil just completely run out of your car
it's not hard you just gotta check it
every once in a while girls are really
bad about it and but I mean there's a
lot of guys that do that same thing you
know cars are crappy they're expensive
you know they're not in an investment
know properties investment if you want
to invest money go buy some land don't
go buy a BMW and think that it's going
to be worth anything more than what you
paid for it minus you know you're using
it
so anyway this is a perfect example to
what happens
when you don't check your oil and you
just run it this is a customer mines
he's a buddy of mine he was running down
the freeway from Atlanta back to
Chattanooga where I live and uh it just
died on him and he called me and he said
man I think it ran out of gas and I said
that's possible
feels like it just died on you he said
yeah
so he wanders off gets gas comes back
puts five more gallons of gas in it it
still won't turn on and the interesting
thing is at the bottom you know would
spin over he would crank it over and it
would spin over and spin over and it's
been over but it wouldn't start so uh
you know they towed it back here and you
know he spent a bunch of money doing
that and he gets to the shop and I take
it apart for him and unfortunately this
motor is ruined but I want to show you
guys why this is
a timing belt driven car okay and as you
can see the timing belt would go right
in here this is the bottom the crank
and this is your one of your cylinder
heads right here this is the driver's
side driver side passenger side and as
you can see I've already taken apart the
passenger side but what's happened is
you know there's oil in the bottom of
the car and it's got a pump and the pump
picks up the oil and it brings it to the
top of the motor okay
and so
it brings the oil to the top of the
motor and the lifters And the cylinder
head and all the rotating assembly gets
bathed in oil the cams it gets bathed in
oil and it keeps it from overheating and
just melting itself because this is an
aluminum block and an aluminum engine
aluminum cylinder head you see
everything's made out of aluminum
aluminum doesn't like heat and nothing
likes to room with rotate without oil or
some type of lubricant
so what's happened here is that he's run
it with probably a quart of oil in it
okay and it got so hot from such from
oil starvation they call it that it
actually started to starve the cams
which are these things
starve these cans for oil okay trying to
get man a good freaking picture for you
guys okay so basically a cam would go
One cam goes right in here this is a
twin cam and there's another Cam that
sit right in there and so as you can see
from all this scorched
you see how scorched this all looks it's
all brown and nasty down here you can
see there was a little bit of oil a
little bit of oil did trickle down here
but none of the oil made it up to this
side of the cam because it's so far away
from the oil pump
and so what it's done is it's actually
destroyed everything
I don't even know if you guys can see
that can you see how the cam that's the
cam bucket where the cam would sit just
sits there and rotates and these little
holes oil pumps through these little
holes
you can kind of see them there so when
there's nothing pumping through them it
just absolutely destroys
the aluminum it just eats it to Pieces
there's nothing to give up you know so
the metal just gives up and it just eats
the out of the aluminum so it ate
all this up and destroyed it ate all
this up and destroyed it
because as you can see it's stuck down
in there it won't even come back up
because it's welded top to the top
in addition the really cool part
is right here
you can see how it is absolutely
destroyed oil goes inside here and It
Coats inside of this bearing and all
this is is an idler so this is where
your timing belt would run up to here
and it'll spin in a circle and it just
drives these two cams at the same time
through gear reduction through that gear
right there
but so this is bathing oil all the time
well hell no not when you don't have any
oil in it so look at that it is just
absolutely destroyed it it's eating it
to pieces and this whole cylinder head
now is junk it's trash
so you know now the question is is the
car even worth fixing this car only had
120 000 miles
you made it 120 000 miles and it's junk
and so you know unfortunately that's
just how things work
you know is it fixable yeah it's fixable
I mean is it
probably a good investment I'd say no
these isuzu's are worth nothing they're
worth like two or three thousand dollars
by the time I get a new cylinder head
and tear you know both this cylinder
heads up to come off it needs new head
gaskets the head on that side's gonna
have to be fixed and we have to buy a
new one for this side they're about 400
bucks so you'll have probably a thousand
dollars in Parts in this thing not
paying me any labor so you know you're
going to have maybe 2 500 bucks just in
fixing this to get it running again
and that's the question you know the car
isn't in that good of shape so
you know that it's just one of those
things I mean there's dilemmas and all
this could have been avoided by just
putting oil in the damn car and I tell
people this the same thing man just put
oil in the car check it once a week
check it every day if you think that
it's leaking you got to check it every
day
I just want to show you guys what
happens though
as that cam locks up you know as it's
spinning
the engine spinning over the Pistons are
still moving down there that part's
spinning this part's spinning all of a
sudden this side right here just slowly
locks up because there's so much heat it
stops dead in its tracks well that one
stops relatively easy as well the crank
down there won't okay it won't stop and
this is the problem you run into with
broken timing belts
this is a timing belt you can see it's
got teeth on it uh oh there's no teeth
now are there
see that and where this part was was
down there on that crank
and when that part locked up on the can
on the cylinder head it just completely
locks up stops spinning 100 and welds
itself shut
that part down here just grinds the
teeth right off okay
and this is what you end up with a
completely destroyed timing belt
you know but this is also the same kind
of thing they say that you can you know
if your timing belt breaks and I wish I
had one to show you unfortunately I
throw away most of my stuff but I could
show you where I've seen timing belts
break that can you know even having
being filled with oil and being filled
with water not overheating and not
running out of oil they eventually just
get old and eventually like this one
doesn't have any bad cracks in it but
eventually they'll get cracked in this
material and the crack will eventually
stretch the belt stretches and
eventually you might be at a red light
and you give it a bunch of gas and dump
the clutch or just give it some gas and
the timing belt just lets go and see all
of a sudden there's nothing holding
anything together so just everything
just goes wherever it wants and there's
two different types of engines there's
what's called an interference engine and
a non-interference engine this engine
specifically is called a
non-interference engine so if the timing
belt was to break like it did kind of
and everything just jumps into wherever
it wants to
these valves will not hit the Pistons
because there's enough space there's
enough space they call it decks deck
height there's enough deck height to
keep the two apart
that's a non-interference engine if you
have what's called an interference
engine it does what the name implies
inner it interferes the valves will hit
the Pistons and they'll Bend up and
they'll break and bend and they can
punch holes in the Pistons they can do
all types of crazy and so that's
the things that you guys want to watch
out man I mean you want to keep the damn
water in your car you want to make your
car last forever keep Watering your damn
car
watch the idiot gauge okay watch the
idiot gauge don't let it overheat make
sure it's got oil in it don't run it
without any oil it's cheap it costs
three dollars you just stop and check it
I know you don't want to but it's part
of driving a damn car
so you know check the water check the
oil and do this do the average things
like the the maintenance you know like
your timing belt's pretty serious you
know you need to do it at whatever your
manufacturer suggests usually you can
find that in the glove box if you have a
Honda Accord or something it'll say
ninety thousand eighty thousand miles if
you've got a Volkswagen it's right
around the same they're all right around
a hundred thousand miles
so you know am I trying to scare you no
but I'm just telling you that it can
break you know it's one thing if your
car has 110 000 miles that's not that
much over a hundred thousand if your
car's got 180 000 miles and you're still
driving and it's never had a timing belt
then you're asking for you know disaster
and you're asking for it to destroy your
engine and pay me or somebody like me a
 out of money and nobody likes to
pay me nobody likes to pay anybody
that's a mechanic it sucks they said the
two things that people hate the most is
uh lawyers and mechanics so uh nobody
likes to come visit us but anyway so
here you go that's what happens
pretty awesome huh