you are now watching a Lucky Penny shop
product feature item provided by miss
Dale two products for review it's time
for some sandwiches Oh grilled cheese
LPS there
do you love sandwiches I love sandwiches
especially melty grilled yummy cheese
yes and in a toaster style you're just
wondering yourself where does all the
cheese go up it cheese's out you know
when I saw it on the schedule I signed a
calendar it said cheese sandwich toaster
yes didn't compute up yes Dave hey
thanks to nostalgia products for sending
this to us do check out our video now
I've recently done a bunch of other
machines and I give them the runaround I
mean not the writer on the most in-depth
yes thorough thorough through their
piece aggressive dropping them off the
top demonstration not the nuts thing not
that kind of no I just got to do
everything you could possibly do mm-hmm
see if they really work so makes two
grilled cheese sandwiches at a time
that's good one for you one for me one
for me one for me great for ham and
cheese sandwiches two to toasting
baskets keep sandwiches in place
adjustable toasting dial removable drip
tray for easy cool oh I'm looking the
drip tray so any cheese I'll look at the
top of the box you gotta say that is a
nice looking grilled cheese sandwich
nothing better and then you got some
more information here that we cannot
read you probably could all those
languages they just be okay that's kind
of a repeat adjustable down okay so
we'll kind of see cuz I think the back
oh yeah there we go
kind of emphasizes everything that we
need to know cool touch handles alright
nice
press down lever to cook very nice nice
cancel preheat and defrost function
defrost you can freeze your grilled
cheese and then put it in there
adjustable toaster dial so we could set
it there's a removable dip tray too
toasting baskets I think we need to just
get in this I have a sandwich plan for
you that really like added up some
ingredients
which i think you're gonna like it real
yeah some special cheese's well first
we'll make grilled cheese so we come
back we're gonna get this out of the box
check out the machine and then we'll
move on to the grilled cheese sandwich
all right butch came right out of the
box it's a beautiful toaster LPS day it
is it looks really neat and then you
have this little insert piece to protect
your lever and shipping and the slots
look pretty large I would say you're
gonna fit a nice sized sandwich in there
hmm now you notice I've been saying
sandwich and that's sandwich yes I don't
know why watch a lot of cooking shows
there lately I'm gonna make you a
sandwich here so roast beef sandwich
okay now look at D this can be fun hey
I'm giving him a test I mean you gotta
give him a chance all right are they
gonna break are they gonna break no so
you're gonna make the sandwiches crush
him in here drop them down right and it
looks like any cheese will go in this
reservoir it's actually holding it in
then flat piece down on the bottom and
then let's see where's our drip tray ah
here it is okay look at that so that's
gonna catch any cheese I'm gonna be
swimming in that drip tray by the time
just checking the seat does it say do
not let butch eat the cheese off the
drip tray what I don't know okay we can
ever say that the guys down at nostalgia
never they know better than that all
right so look we have cancel preheat
what defrost the melt zone it's called
oh I want to be in the melt zone mm-hmm
and then you just push it down and then
all of a sudden it'll lock in how to
operate before you seeing your grilled
cheese sandwich toaster from this time
be sure to follow the directions the
cleaning inmate is to clean your unit so
we need to clean our unit there may be
slight smell and smoke the first time
using this appliance this is both normal
and temporary are you got a stable
surface near an electrical outlet away
from any water source plug the appliance
into a larger
hmmm what I'm just reading like one are
you trying out to be like their
spokesperson those like films from the
60s and run you got the film flippin in
the background are they outside up two
pieces of bread build you're saying we
choosing your favorite real cheese
ingredients for recipe ideas see the
recipe section of this manual there they
can read all that we'll do that off
camera we will clean it we all will come
back there's our recipes there's a
result piece but we're gonna start
difficulty today with no difficulty
helpful tips cleaning and maintenance we
will come back recommend two cheese's
recommended breads
where's recommended fillings Oh mmm
we'll see what happens we will come back
and then we will start this whole
grilled cheese process after butch
washes everything cleans it up real nice
and we will be back okay here we go
butch exciting do you see what's
happening here this does not just look
like look like simple grilled cheese LPS
well we have pizza sauce pepperoni and
mozzarella cheese what real cheese
that'll be a little bit later in the
process we will make a regular grilled
cheese let me get these out of the way
and then we will come back now they want
me to well we will come back to those
later mm-hmm
they want to butter and you okay one or
two pieces of cheese do they always put
too much as you want I'm a tube cheese
okay you know one just doesn't seem like
it's enough doesn't and then now can i
warm this up now you think give it a
good warm up you do recommend that you
build the sandwich first but I think if
you're fast enough you could probably
preheat it while your build time a video
mm-hmm how about this how about I get
the butter set and then we'll hit the
preheat how's that nice so they say
butter both sides right generously
generous I added that oh I was wondering
well I'm not sure why they would want
that much butter I'm hoping with the
rewrite of the instructions yeah I
wonder for the pizza one if you can do a
little olive oil on the outs
we'll stick with them yeah kind of given
a little Italian flair mm-hmm mm-hmm
that's right maybe you could make it
with little pizza crusts well yeah I
wish muffin pizza that would be good too
okay those are set all right so put the
lever down right lever down and then
preheat okay breathe there we go
so now we need to get our cheese and
we're gonna do one regular cheese and
one ham and cheese okay deal
and that's trip you're a fan ham and
cheese I'm not a big fan of Han LPS Dave
I've got some big friends that really
yeah you like the bacon but not the hey
hey they're okay with me the baby okay
[Music]
mm-hmm I'm going quick here so we can
kind of get an overall time sense of
what this tape you were challenging me
like can you build it fast enough I
could build a sandy wheat you're faster
than you one whitson what would I
oh here we go now what he wins no I'm
ready to go what are you talking about
yeah dude dude put him in the baskets
and throw them in you bet you okay here
we go like this will you dip that thumb
right into them that's okay that's all
part of it oh oh come on
oh that's tight nice really tight that's
a big fat to sandwich the Rope yesterday
I noticed that if you gotta squeeze it
together more yeah I'm gonna squish it
down like that mm-hmm
oh yeah now we're talking now down drop
it down did you pick a heat setting
there well right now we're at four I
believe what's your melts on preferenced
youth I have a melts own of four so now
that's it your side mm-hmm yeah four and
a half okay
all right for Nia so we will come back
and four and a half oh you think it's
minutes I don't know
all right well we'll see we'll come back
maybe I'll give you a top down shot okay
you see the steam horizon I see steam
yeah si si and I smell
yeah look at that smoke really nice in
there huh
so now it should just pop up and then
we'll know I mean there's a hint of
cheese poking out right there yeah we'll
have to see if it don't have to see what
happens
it did say after it's done to leave it
for 30 seconds leave it no goats because
I bet you more heat is still coming out
I'm intrigued
yeah I'm intrigued too alright well
we'll keep checking back it up and see
oh they're a little sticky in there so
let me lift this up and do this at the
same time Oh
toasty very toasty Oh but still I would
say not too bad you know so what are you
saying the next thing we do it like
three and a half and now that we've got
these set we're gonna let them cool
remember they said let them cool in the
toaster mmm this one actually looks
pretty good look at that so we'll let
them cool out here come back I'll make
the other ones while these cool down
okay so they have been sitting Oh
yes Dave let's see look at that no
cheese on the bottom of that one we were
both wondering right why were we ever
I'm wondering oh now do you like them
like this a little lighter a little
darker huh listen to that I'm just
cutting the top layer did you see that
now I can do this beautiful no I can
pull like they do on the commercials it
is creamy melted cheese that one looks
good all right let's grab another one
here let's see how the Sam is here I
don't think the handful this one add a
little cheese a skid miss copy let's
copy so we don't have to clean that
before we actually do the next round
hmm now if I was doing regular grilled
cheese I might just wipe it off and move
on to the next but since we're switching
not to pizza I gotta cut through the
hand just a little let's see look at the
whole team while I'm here I'll save the
other half mmm
crispy glad you're gonna love it oh I
can't wait all right let's clean this up
now
and I'll make the pizza once excited
my first thing to eat all day my lunch
really well you should finish all these
no ok it's Pizza time butch hail yes
Dave yes you feel better now is your
belly full yeah I ate that half a
sandwich it was good halves hmm mm-hmm
well we won't talk about all right so
let's just butter again pizza this is so
interesting to me why is it interesting
I don't know if I ever had Pizza sin
which language before you've never had a
pizza sandwich hmm have you of course
really yeah I've done pizzas all
different ways pizza bagels hmm
yep what pizza bread what you name it I
have done it oh my goodness
I need to hang out with you more often
LPS Dave well I think we hang out enough
at this point I mean I was hero over all
the time it may be more awful yes okay
there we go okay now what I think I'm
gonna do here's what I'm gonna do
interesting let's watch LPS Dave build
now I do want some sauce on one of the
bread slices you know what any I was
this Chicago style New York style this
is my stuff I don't know I'm sure other
people do this but maybe not I don't
know don't you know we're gonna do this
I want it soaking in there really nice
you know mm-hmm dan did you want
pepperoni on yours or you know I don't
eat pepperoni oh yes Dave I okay you
what you gave it up for me and my Pig
friends we just decided that was cruel
and so you just eat bacon then that
bacon is not cruel baby bacon kidding me
pigs eat bacon bacon okay
look at you go I got a smallest oh yeah
no you don't toss them it's not like
that
okay and then we are going to do a
little pep here I'm one of them lone it
up mm-hmm
oh this one looks good huh Wow okay
I'll cover that with a little blanket oh
my goodness
now you could sauce this side too if you
wanted maybe I'll do that in life we'll
do a test one with sauce on both sides
in pep on both sides it really soaks it
yeah we'll see how it works
mmm hasn't saying I think I should get a
smaller spoon next time mm-hmm
take a little less maybe a little a
little drop around
Wow you're going it on the double yeah
we're gonna have to really smush this
down okay you're good one more piece of
cheese on yours thank you love me some
cheese up yes Dave there you go okay
number one there's no other way to
really do this you're gonna get butter
on you I get to lick the cutting board
there huh hmm but what I'm gonna do is
reorganize here and get these in a
little bit more relaxed way to preheat
again I wonder oh yeah I'll do that too
mm-hmm all right butch now check out the
drip tray check I'll point it to its job
no cheese but a little bit of drip in
there as far as the crusts look at that
quick wipeout clean as a whistle now how
do you get it back in there that's all
there we go okay and then let's put this
down and then preheat and then I decided
to switch a sandwich the other way to
see if that makes any difference now I'm
gonna push it just past that sideways
version slide that up and then I'm gonna
do this kind of squish it down mm-hmm
this is squishy Brad you're gonna do
that yeah you'll see it's just a little
bit big there for my bread maybe there's
different breads Oh we'll get the sauce
peeking through there oh okay
so we are going to now put these in once
that's ready hmm I am set
look at that hey would you like a Shh
you are the sandwich masked
hook it over the campfire right all
right so pretty where are you come on it
didn't take long last time oh love that
so right so how much time do you think
it actually fits in better that way I
think
well that would fit in better too I
fished it the squishing is key everybody
you got a squishing down slightly what
do you say we go for a higher setting
okay we'll go for a 5
and we'll see what happens now hopefully
maybe uh we'll see maybe a little darker
now with the cheese and the pep in there
and when they are ready we will come
back and we will take them out I'm ready
for pizza
OPA it's pizza sandwich time all right
coming in here let me make a quick
adjustment here get the camera up a
little all right let's just see let's
see it kind of helps to pinch and lift
okay yeah there we go
so let those sit for just a second or
two cuz I want them hot well that's what
a pizza sandwich looks yeah you're gonna
see this all the way it's nice and icy
the cheese on the top is melted so we'll
be right back alright our sink which is
our cool then I didn't let him sit too
long cuz i want them nice and hot that
came out really nice huh
it's beautiful both sides and it looks
like we have some sauce
yeah all right now cutting right through
okay here we go there we go okay would
you look at how impressed LPS Dave I
have mm-hmm all right so here we go we
will do triangular cut do you hear that
as it's cutting through look at all the
layers in there now that didn't melt as
good as the last one did it just the
outside edge I think it was surrounded
by that meat you think that could have
been hmm
so maybe a little longer on it's like an
insulation layer it could be mm-hmm
let's see oh yeah this one is a little
bit mm-hmm nice squeeze so that's there
I'll squeeze yours
mm huh look at that it is cheesy and
that looks good all right so I am going
to try my pep one but look at that that
looks like a nice bite here we go it's
like a pizza mmm they're still soft and
warm on the inside mmm look at that look
at that cheese stretching whoa look at
that would you look at that very good
uh-huh so overall what are you gonna
what are you gonna say works great I'm
gonna say I'm gonna need some time off
from
kelpius day if I'm gonna be making
grilled cheeses for a little while
mm-hmm-hmm some other crazy combinations
I don't let us know in the comments what
you think about another crazy
combination ISM and thanks to nostalgia
products again if I wait because you
want to give your pizza when it takes to
walk or to buy sorry I don't mean to do
that right at that moment that was bad
timing on my description you'll see a
link to other products from them and as
always thanks for watching and
supporting it's GZ it is it's very
cheesy let me just give everybody look
how that cheese is just starting to and
thanks for watching everybody
lair if you're looking for the item you
just saw in the video click here watch
more videos by clicking here don't
forget to share on social media and give
a thumbs up hey LPS Dave what's up butch
make sure they don't forget to subscribe
oh yeah please click here to subscribe
to Lucky Penny shop and always remember
when you see a Lucky Penny pick it up