sorry welcome back in this video we are
going to look at a popular Internet myth
which is can you clean their eyes with
vinegar so we've got a noise doctor
what's it counting laughs on it it's
been spewing out orangey gunk so what
we've done we've got the reservoir from
the eye which is the amount of water and
then apparently young experts put a
quarter of the vinegar in it so we've
got regular vinegar we've measured out
what a quantity it amounts to this much
so we're going to put it in the iron I'm
going to switch it on and then we're
going to see if it's true
at this point mistake the iron isn't
powered out so we've now got a quarter
of the tank filled with vinegar here
okay still not switched on so plug it in
Harvey all right this does smell really
bad
No warned that really bad and it does
smell so bad
keep working it I'll see if you do try
this I don't know if this is gonna work
guess you'd better off using the scaler
at this point unless you really really
like the smell or is this anything
actually coming out of the iron yeah
well there is white bits flaking out the
eyes so the idea is that the vinegar
will try and descale your IDs well if
you do ever see videos like this on the
Internet yeah this is a good idea to do
believe me it's not it might work there
might be some truth in it
right there we have it using video in
your Island doesn't work no thanks so
much for watching if you want more then
do leave a comment and hit like and
subscribe we will have a most all coming
up soon which will let you know about
until next time thanks for watching
[Music]
you