welcome back to my video guys this is
going to be a follow up with the
daylilies seedlings and we've got a
seedling here that's ready to be
transplanted this is about ten months
old so not even a full year here and
basically wanted to show you guys what
the next step is from the sprout from
going into the tray as a sprout after
about ten months here and you can see
the label is actually here with this and
this is gonna stay with it so I
recommend using a pencil this is
actually we broke up
shades actually window shades in made
little labels that way so make a ton of
labels for four bucks and that's what
this is gonna stick with it until it's
ready to go and you can see here here's
the seed minces like I said ten months
you can actually see the little seed pod
here still still intact there so ten
months of gross not not a bad not a bad
seedling but it's ready to be
transplanted so what I'm going to do is
I'm just going to kind of peel the dirt
and this is 100 percent roots organic
here so and that's exactly what we're
going to do we're going to plant
transplant this into the same soil but I
want to loosen up some of these roots
just a little bit open those up so they
can kind of expand
and when you're planting these into the
pot what you want to do I like to open
up these roots so they kind of spread
out they can get all the nutrients in
underneath you're gonna have the crown
of the plant really you want to set that
on like a mound so it's gonna sit right
inside your pot and you're gonna make
sure there's a mound of dirt underneath
there spread in those roots out so here
it is this is just a regular seat
leaning about nine ten months old so
we've got the roots spread out now it's
time to fill our bucket actually our pot
here and this is just a want normal one
gallon pot here we're gonna fill it up
about halfway this roots organic good
soil
with this the roots organic I can get
away with about I don't know almost six
months without really heavy feeding this
comes with kelp meal inside of it all
sorts of other good things with that
probably say about four or five months
I'll start to use kelp with this but I
let the roots organic really feed the
seedling I don't want to burn it out
with anything else really so everything
we need is actually already in the soil
that's why it is pretty expensive
but here we go here's the roots you can
see some really nice roots here not even
a full year here but it's ready to be
transplanted so what we're going to do
is we're going to put that in made a
little mound there you can see that I
want to set that guy right in there and
we're going to fill it around it
you can see all the good stuff in there
we're just gonna fill around okay this
is organic soil we're using here R it's
organic it's just the original blend
here and don't know if you can see this
some of the material in here you've got
fish bone meal soybean meal green sand
alfalfa meal which is really good it's
got cocoa fiber coarse peat moss perlite
pumice composted virgin forest material
worm casting bat guano kelp meal a lot
of good stuff all organic and this stuff
works great here in the farm and there
we go
push it down get the edges push down the
edges it's tucked in there and then I
just put a little bit more on top and
we're going to make sure that we make
sure they work tag back in here all the
way down we know what it is and there
you have it
so there's your ten month old seedling
day Lily transplanted from the tray to
the one gallon pot and it'll sit in
there for about a year make sure you
guys check back on our next videos
coming up I'm going to show you actually
how to trim these and to use a hormone
on these to try to get them to multiply
little quicker but for right now this
guy is gonna be just good for about six
months and he's all set in his happy
home until it's ready to be printed
either transplanted out into the garden
or who knows what but he's gonna be good
for at least another year in this one
gallon pot so thanks for checking back
in with us guys hope this has helped you
out and make sure you're checking back
often for our new videos coming up we
try to get them out daily now that the
weather has broken so again thanks guys
for stopping by we will talk at you in
the next video