alright guys for to make dr. barber ice
cream you got to go to a gas station at
dr. pepper you can't go to the grocery
store the beauty is you can get
everything you need at a gas station
except for heavy cream except for heavy
cream then then you gotta go the grocery
but you can get milk and sometimes we're
out of milk well you can't I know
sometimes you can't get milk at a gas
station you can get sugar you get those
little sugar packets you know for your
coffee just get 300 of them that amount
to at least half a cup how much do we
need we need to sir we need 2/3 cup of
sugar each if I go to the grocery store
for I don't go to the gas station do
they don't have dr. pepper
oh oh you know what it is it's not a
giant Twix bar this is 18 in it oh
that's kind of depressing no kind of
only good at Stone Leah there's sugar
packets all right so we're gonna get
right into this recipe step one Adrian
ah you get stuff make ice cream oh God
so we're just gonna tell you what to say
to begin or half of the dr. pepper into
a pot no those pots my part and reduce
down into a syrup
all right first row we're done guys this
is like dr. pepper air the whole room
smells like dr. pepper can't wait for
dr. ice cream if you lift the microwave
right now what it tastes like
this is very awkward but it's for
science
Oh No now take two cups of heavy cream
pour it and pardon my heavy cream take
two cups whole milk and pour it in and
2/3 cup of sugar
you got to put a pinch of salt in there
that's it once you reduce your dr.
pepper about 15 to 20 minutes it makes
about a half a cup take the dr. pepper
syrup and pour it in just got keep
mixing it and stir it you know shake it
all up a little bit so turn on the
ice-cream maker first onto slow speed
and then pour in your mixture you're
going to lay your ice cream maker work
for about 15 minutes then you're going
to pour in another cup of Dr Pepper
to kind of enhance it with carbonation
just going to go in for a little taste
test here
oh I like that I can definitely taste
dr. pepper yeah me too
that actually is pretty good darn I
can't double dip so my good friend
Dianna rind pollo Ram City and stop by
he doesn't know that we're making his
ice cream so we wanted to see if he
could guess the flavor it made some ice
cream for you to try I don't know how
well how your palate is would like maybe
Pepsi or coke or something in it
I wouldn't I can't go beyond because I'm
not a soda drink Road have you ever had
Dr Pepper before yes I do is part of
this house I'm bottling it out give it
its life I'm fit inside oh my god it
tastes really good it is good I don't
even like Dr Pepper
this is the tastiest ice cream we've
made ever it's soft but you it's like
the frosty this is like a Dr Pepper
frosty yes I want to dip my fries in
this I would try different flavors even
soda flavors I would I did ginger ale
with some grated fresh ginger in it oh
wow ginger ice cream guys give give this
video a big thumbs up for polo he is one
of the coolest guys I know and you've
been through so much in life and the
stories you tell me are completely
awesome you make me want to do more
failure it's been always be there but
don't let feel you okay oh I love you
guys
what do you need me to do
come and show you how to cook a curry
dish yes I would love that what I do is
bring some pheasant eggs here couple of
bills different meat or shrimp or
seafood that you want to do like we can
do it right here too and you can take
that tissue there yeah then you can show
everyone a custom electronics like Elena
and Jimmy you can't put you can't
mention that because you just mention
him
oh okay I would write a