I want to do a little tall for the
things I thought even though it's not
the unboxing I wanted to call hey guys
Brianna and today I'm going to show you
guys what I have gotten um yeah I got
hall saying so yeah so let's get started
okay so the first thing I may get
started with is shoes so I got these
from Macy's and I don't remember exactly
how much they were but I got em from a
fee and there's these really cute combat
boots they really love them they like to
go in and can put pair of leggings they
go with um jeans I got an excuse say
that back I got these ends or literally
a god I love you so much
I'm obsessed with them so I got these
and I'm really excited
I warned about three times they're just
amazing I got here in common yummy what
girl can't
I don't what girls beautiful Congress so
I got another pair in love with me too
probably not as much as I was when I
first got my adidas Ashley don't know
where they are
that sounds scary when you're like shoe
leather scary you don't know where she's
are but it really love these and I got
these from college and they're amazing
so no shoes and let's get on with
clothing I've already showed you guys
this before but I was it again - can't
excite some of it this is like a howl on
things like when you're ordered online
or if I'm in 2015 so
my idea jacket I got this from
Nordstrom's and it's amazing Kumbi it's
the track jacket and it's absolutely
100% I make it soft keeps you warm and
if you went don't worry no one's you its
definition of you jacket to love it and
then the next thing is that legging
every girl's best friend
legging I got a new pair from I going
already knew from the video store pretty
sure or was Nordstrom now I was marched
um I got them from Nordstrom I beated
legging knowing me I like a lot of thing
like a mob scene especially Nike I
didn't like that much like they got one
thing but then I got another thing and
it's not going to be here for number 30
days but oh well
I got hair of Negi compressing leggings
and I really love them they are so soft
and they're so comfortable and when you
sweat may have these little whole thing
use up in them and so they are like a
little sweat guard things and they're
very helpful and yeah they're living
video anyway next thing I got a pair rip
I wanted compensation support but these
routines are actually my first official
pair of refuse because every other pair
which is I've had I actually rip them
myself and it is nice to go and wash and
cut they look good because I didn't but
I finally got hair and I loved it so
much especially we have one pair now did
you flossing them just to wear them like
I wasn't tries to me some like hearing
where there's been like some people wash
your dryers so much and then I will
going to make it hot laughs no one
slippers at the end I will get to the
makeup part
I got like pieces okay and last but not
least I've worn this before and I don't
remember what video it's Christian this
guy with from Macy's I have a said we
have successful mr. Macy's they love it
so much we're still company to you and
loved em stylish and it was so mean I
work immersive it and Chloe loves it so
much the adidas jacket and ladies I got
those from Nordstrom I got my Nike
compression wedding from Nike calm and I
got my converse from commerce calm and
then I got my dress for Macy's and the
people columnist I got this amazing so
yeah I'm gonna go grab a makeup now come
right back I got well this
also known as eyelash killer because
sometimes they rip your eyelashes out in
sometimes he's not comfortable with
eyelash curlers and I think additional
holder
Judaism is great it works good and last
nothing
the lure lip scrub strawberry gum
but
bye is it going to work
Jeffrey sar oh my gosh this stuff focus
okay
this stuff smells so amazing smells like
strawberry starburst gum in it edible
so when we're done with your lip hopping
so good and then actually the lasting
1/2
you got highlighter from Finn I'd show
you the name but like I am NOT going to
perfect but oh look hashtag hi camera
it's gold price this watch I'll just
watch right now for you guys which is
amazing
here
I'm watching it
but work why
okay
don't work then it's on my face but it's
really it's really good is it going to
load
I mean load this is an Instagram okay
well
it's really gold oh yeah that's the
stuff that I got here it looks a little
gel guys it's all the stuff that I got
in 2017 so far both haul so I hope you
guys enjoyed it because I didn't and his
fun doing that and have a fantastic day
you're the compilation of pranks going
dude Wow Frank as we did so many of mah
we just can't put them all in here
what
what is it why is there a marker on my
face are you drawing on your face at
night or something no beautiful harmless
little
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
thanks for watching you guys are