okay we're going to get right here to
make one of my top favorite chickens
easy simple recipe can be completed very
quickly I'm actually cooking this just
coming from work it takes me literally
about 15 minutes to prepare everything
and another ten minutes to cook and this
is over charcoal and lighting up the
chimney getting everything started no
more than 25 minutes so I work out
really good
here's we adding some salt a brick
keep in mind that paprika is just for
color not so much for taste so just add
a little bit now here's the secret of a
great juicy kabob add olive oil a lot of
it now lime goes great with the chicken
and you don't even need to let it
marinate
just put it 5-10 minutes while the
chimney is going you will actually pick
up the flavor so he works perfectly
there's absolutely zero marination time
for this soy sauce soy sauce just a
little bit do not overdo it now it makes
it really really well and we're going to
get ready for the kabob skewers I see
these little pieces they're just going
to burn out so just take it off just
leave it there for now
when you're doing this you always want
to put the thicker pieces in the end
because the hardest part of your grill
just always stores the back if you put
it towards the front it's not a good
idea so we start with a smaller species
and then start to getting the thicker
ones like this is a good piece right
here
and the biggest one you have towards the
end this one will work nicely that's a
big piece right there
you go
now as I always say charcoal is always
better but you can still put this in a
gas and it doesn't matter it's going to
taste great no matter what now when
you're putting the skewers on the
barbecue make sure it was little space
between them not too much but enough so
that the heat and the smoke get picked
up by the chicken and if you just put
them so tight together there will be no
space for them to kind of breathe and
pick up that awesome smoke taste see how
I do it right here the perfect version
to do it perfect way now at midpoint I
like to baste it with the remaining
sauce it flares ups a little bit and you
quickly you know turn it but it just
gives that additional moist ghost
chicken especially chicken breast is so
dry and this works out perfectly so it's
nice and juicy in the end and it seals
the meat and its juices so I definitely
recommend you basting only once
no basted it towards the end just once
at midpoint and that's pretty much it
and that will cover it
and here's the ending result absolutely
cooked to perfection
a little bit of char which is makes it
taste great the caramelization and it's
just awesome quick and easy I hope you
give this a try let me know what you
think below in the comments and
subscribe for future videos thank you
for watching