you come home with a box of to baby
chickies everybody loves them oh my gosh
they're so adorable
everybody wants to see them and hold
them it's a big deal then one dies and
your kids are crying what went wrong you
feel so sad and helpless and you're like
what did I do wrong
well today I'm going to tell you what to
do right to keep your baby chickens
alive let's go
welcome to Becky's homestead from the
foremost I want to say stop times you do
everything right and a baby chickens
still dies that's not your fault some
are just born with a defect today we're
going to focus on doing everything right
the most important thing with little
chicky babies is the temperature if they
were with their mother
she would keep them in a very specific
temperature 95 degrees for the first
week then downs 5 degrees a week until
you hit the temperature of your house
whatever that is
the cage has to be big enough so they
can go from one side and be 95 degrees
and go to the other side to cool down
you don't want to cook them that's very
very important if you see them panting
you're cooking them I have a link on my
website to this temperature controller
that works really good the link is in
the description below a hundred watt
bulb carefully placed on one side of the
table could work in a pinch what you
have to realize is there are different
breeds which are different sizes don't
mix many Bantam chickies with
regular-sized chicky babies because when
they all cuddle together in a pile to
stay warm they could squish the little
mini chicky babies by accident
there's a big difference in size even
though they're the same age next is
their food and water you can buy
unmedicated chick starter at the store
which makes everything easy or you can
grind up some adult chickens food in a
nutribullet I get a lid from a mason jar
or some kind of a big lid and I like to
see them three times a day
they're very messy and I do the same
with the water I get a big lid and
refill the lid three times a day don't
get a big bowl because they'll drowned
in it it has to be very shallow for
their bedding I like to use a shovel or
too full of sand in the bottom of the
tub then a few wood shavings on top the
stand is because they will actually get
a little
fast filming and they're practicing how
to take a dust bath and it's so adorable
plus they'll eat little pieces of the
sand and use that for their grit the
sand teaches them to pick and scratch
don't put them outside until they're
fully feathered and don't put them in
with full-sized chicken because they'll
kill them and keep your other pets away
just in case that's it for more
information watch all my chicken videos
the link is in the description below
thanks for watching and happy
homesteading bye bye
I love helping encouraging and inspiring
people to quit the rat race and get
their life back if you would like to
support me in making more videos to help
as many people as possible I have a
patreon page the link is in the
description below let me know in the
comments what you'd like to see in my
next video and don't forget to click the
like button also please subscribe