Easy Flex noig landscape edging is a
fast affordable and easy way to define
your landscape and garden areas without
the mess and hassle of digging proudly
made in the USA from recycled materials
Easy Flex is flexible durable and
versatile enough for many landscape
projects the Easy Flex no dig landscape
edging family of products features some
unique product options to suit many land
caping needs the Easy Flex 25 ft no dig
landscape edging kit includes 25 ft of
edging 8 anchoring spikes and one
connector and the Easy Flex 12T no dig
tree ring kit includes 12' 4 in of
edging five anchoring spikes and one
connector when making aggressive curves
holding in Brick or stone or if loose
soil conditions are present extra
anchoring spikes are available and
recommended easy flex no dig landscape
edging is designed to easily make
straight or curved
edges to install your easy flex no dig
landscape edging first clear the area
where the edging is to be placed of turf
and debris for best results Easy Flex
edging should be placed on clear level
ground place the edging on cleared
surface with the anchoring tabs facing
toward the planting bed if a weed
barrier or fabric is going to be used
optional place under edging prior to
spiking next next Hammer the included
anchoring spikes through the tabs to
hold the edging in place the maximum
spacing of the spikes is every 4 ft use
extra spikes at or near curves or for
extra support when holding back heavier
types of Decorative Stone if additional
anchoring spikes are desired Spike packs
are available separately when joining
two pieces of Easy Flex edging use the
included overlapping connector it is
designed to Overlay on the top of the
end tab of each piece so that when
spiked it minimizes the gap between two
pieces of edging make sure you cut at
the midpoint between the anchoring tabs
for best results cut edging with hand
Snips or a fine tooth saw always take
proper safety precautions when spiking
and cutting
edging finally pack soil around edging
and backfill to the top of the edging
with mulch Stone soil or other desired
ground cover easy flex no dig edging
product s are virtually maintenance-free
and will offer a professional looking
Edge to your planting beds for many
years
[Music]