man I don't know about you but this year
at our house has been horrible for
mosquitos so I wanted to show you a
product that I've been really happy with
it is the repel citronella candle 40
hours of constant mosquito repellent
power and a pleasant odor I grew up
using citronella candles so I've always
known they were pretty good that this
one I have to say is probably one of the
best citronella candles that I've used
it has three wicks on the inside just go
ahead and light this sucker up
a nice little carry handle here makes it
easy to move the candle and I'll just
set this out in my shop whenever I'm out
here working on a project whatever and
it has done a really good job of
repelling mosquitoes I have used this
many many times and I have probably used
it for 10 to 20 hours already so I know
that it's got a lot of life left and as
you can see in there I still have a lot
of candle to go
you