hi guys I have a really quick recipe for
how to make banana tea so first you
start by cutting the top in the bottom
off of a banana then you slice the
banana down the middle you do leave the
peel on then I have 2 cups of water that
I got boiling I'm going to add in my
bananas and let them simmer for 4 to 5
minutes and this tea is supposed to be
really good to help you relax at the end
of a night and help you get a good
night's sleep so once the timer went off
I went ahead turned off the oven and
scooped out the bananas actually ended
up eating the bananas they actually
tasted really good kind of mushy and
warm like that kind of weird but you
could definitely discard it if you don't
want to eat it and then I poured the
water into my mug and I added a little
bit of cinnamon to taste and a little
bit of honey but this recipe did come
from a cookbook so I will leave all the
information below if you want to read
more about how and why it relaxes you so
thanks so much for watching and please
check out my other recipe videos bye
guys