[Music]
here's what you'll need for this project
one fat quarter of fabric we're using
organic cotton sateen pins scissors or
rotary blade a ruler a seam ruler and a
sewing machine first cut to ten and a
half by three and a half inch rectangles
and a smaller five by three inch
rectangle pin the two rectangles
together right sides facing Stitch the
larger rectangles together right sides
facing clip the corners and trim the
seam allowance to about 1/8 of an inch
and turn right side out
[Music]
tuck in the raw ends and press with an
iron
fold the strip in half and Stitch the
opening closed flip the tube so the seam
is on the inside and in the middle of
the rectangle fold the smaller rectangle
in half long ways right sides facing and
stitch together with a quarter inch seam
allowance turn right side out and fold
in half stitch across the ends securing
the tube and flip the fabric so the seam
is shown only on the inside now you'll
want to scrunch the fabric to make a bow
tie shape I promise it's a cinch
[Music]
insert the bowtie through the hole and
attach to your popsicle collar if the
collar buckles on the larger side we
suggest sliding the smaller rectangle
through the collar first and then add
the scrunched rectangle get ready to say
bow-wow
[Music]