the drink that I'm going to show you how
to make now is called a chocolatini now
this is a variation of a chocolate
martini and there's many many different
ways to make it but this is just another
one of the ways that I'm sure will make
a very tasty nice great tasting
chocolate martini okay all right so
we're going to take our mixing cup we're
going to put ice in it
and then what we're going to do is we're
going to use our Liquors all right so
what we're going to have here is bodka
and then what we're going to use is
gadiva chocolate liquor now if you don't
have gadiva chocolate liquor you can use
another brand just make sure that it's a
sweet chocolate flavored liquor okay so
let's put these
aside and then what we're going to do is
we're going to take our uh stem cocktail
glass all right here we have it right
here and what I've already done is is I
have uh coated it
with sweet cocoa powder just like this
all right and to do that it's very
simple all you have to do is take a
piece of lime just squeeze the juice
right on the edge of it
then just kind of swirl it right in the
uh chocolate just like I'm doing right
now and then you'll have a nice
chocolate coating right on the rim of
the glass now we're going to be serving
this in a stem cocktail glass so we want
to be sure to pre-chill our glass so
when we pour in our chocolatini it
remains cold as long as possible because
there's no ice in this drink once it's
made so here we
go there's our ice right there so our
glass is going to be free chilly all
right then our recipe calls
for 1 oz of our
vodka and then we're going to use 1 oz
of our chocolate lure okay all right
let's turn it around the right way all
right 1 oz right
there now what you want to be sure to do
is give this drink a nice shape you want
to chill it down right because there's
nothing worse than having a lukewarm
straight up drink now for you folks in
Europe you're going to have to find ice
because I know most of the places they
don't bother to carry it okay so we' got
it nice and chilled down let's dump out
our
ice and then what we're going to do is
we're going to use our
strainer oops a little bit of ice fell
in there not too much
okay and there we have it our chocolate
teeni great drink if you like chocolate
great after dinner drink serve it as a
dessert drink enjoy it thanks for
joining us