[Music]
we'll boric acid kill centipedes
[Music]
it is not surprising that most people
are not happy to see a centipede
scurrying across the yard or garden
these little arthropods move very fast
and look a bit alarming with their many
legs and long antennae but centipedes
are actually beneficial creatures and
don t usually need to be killed outdoors
if they've a moved into your space and
you want to get rid of them
boric acid is one of the least toxic
ways of doing so centipedes in your
garden centipedes may move into your
garden to take advantage of humid areas
that have shelter for them they often
hide out under piles of wood and leaf
litter in the crevices around fence
posts in the cracks of stone walls and
similar spots centipedes prey on many
harmful pests such as cockroaches flies
and beetles larvae they aren t normally
a problem for people and pets though
they're venomous and the bigger ones can
deliver a painful but not dangerous bite
when handled what boric acid does boric
acid kills many different kinds of
insects arthropods arachnids and other
pests by acting on them in two main ways
the first way occurs when they ingest it
when bugs eat boric acid it poisons them
and causes damage to their stomachs and
digestive systems this eventually causes
them to die of starvation the second way
that boric acid kills pests is by
damaging their exoskeletons the rough
texture of the powder Nick's and
scratches their protective covering they
are unable to maintain the moisture they
need in their bodies and they die of
dehydration applying boric acid
to kill centipedes apply boric acid or a
product containing boric acid in areas
that centipedes frequent the powdered
form of the product is very effective
against centipedes and may be dispensed
from a plastic squeeze bottle fill
crevices and wall cracks with the powder
put powder in other areas where
centipedes hide such as cracks around
hose bibbs and areas under boards if an
area is too wet the powder may lose the
ability to dehydrate bugs but will still
kill any centipedes that ingest it make
sure that kids and pets can t reach the
powder boric acid precautions while
boric acid is one of the least toxic
ways of killing centipedes this docent
II mean that it is non-toxic boric acid
must be kept away from children and pets
since eating it can cause stomach aches
nausea diarrhea and vomiting it can
cause eye irritation so apply it
carefully and wash your hands when you
re done wear dust mask while applying it
to avoid inhaling any of the dust which
can cause a dry nose mouth and throat it
may also cause nosebleeds and shortness
of breath
[Music]
you