[Music]
hello there my name is p and I run a
cooker score in West assic and what
you're going to see today is only a snip
of what we can do have a look the food
is absolutely
fantastic going to show you how to toast
some almonds um I've got a little tray
which I'm going to WIP into the oven and
I've just created a little aluminium
sort of
bolder there for
my
almonds now if I was uh doing a dessert
then I'd probably like to put some sugar
on it to sort of sweeten them up um but
I'm not going to put anything at all
only a little bit of salt um cuz it's
really for nibbles so the M Grill's on
nice and hot very important to have the
grill nice and hot but very important as
well you can't walk away from them they
need to be nurtured so they're going to
go now um for I reckon just on each side
literally you know minutes they don't
take long at all now you can put some
olive oil you can put some spices
through it it's entirely up to you I'm
to sh you the right way of doing it of
how to lightly toast and you don't want
to burn them because it just releases a
real bitterness from from the nut and
you don't want that so you just want
them nice and golden brown um if you're
bit un too unsure then maybe put a bit
of um olive oil or some oil just to sort
of slow the the process down a bit or
just even that color out on on the nut
but they're going to go in quite dry
roasted um and I can take them out and I
can run anything I want for them a spice
Salt and Pepper or like I said if I'm
doing for a dessert I proba run some ice
and sugar for it just to get them really
sweeted up so then going to go through
the oven
now so coming back to my
almond lovely they got a nice little
color there now I'm happy with that now
if you notice i' I've just lightly um
toasted them I've not gone too mad I
just want to take that edge off of the
bitterness from the nut so got a nice
little sweet
sweetness nice little color there and
that's how I toast my almonds
[Music]