I absolutely love baking bread as that
is one thing which satisfies me a lot
and breads are very close to my heart
hello and welcome to Sanjeev Kapoor
Khazana under the ultimate baking series
with me chef of frost and today I'm
going to show you a very classic recipe
of focaccia but with the flavors of
olive and roasted pepper to make eleven
pepper focaccia Howard acquire refined
flour semolina black olives fresh yeast
sugar salt red yellow pepper sea salt
olive oil fresh rosemary so let's start
making our lovely bread for that first
I'm going to activate the east so I'm
going to transfer the East in a bigger
bowl to this pinch of sugar sugar really
helps to disintegrate the East and
activated past and with this I'm going
to add a little warm water give this a
mix mix it till the East is nicely
dissolved and now I'm going to set this
aside for around two minutes now next
I'm going to start working for the dough
so first I'm going to see if they're a
fine flour it is very important to see
so that we don't find any lumps in our
dough
next I'm going to add some semolina this
gives a very nice texture to focus here
give this a nice mix
next I'm going to add salt as it is very
important to season the bread give this
a mix again and then I'm going to make
well in the center and now here as you
can see the East has nicely activated
this goes in you can see the air bubbles
on the top that means the East has
activated and now I'm going to mix this
and now to the remaining warm water I'm
going to add some olive oil olive oil
gives a very nice silky texture to the
focaccia and now just make this and now
slowly slowly I'm going to add this into
the flour and we just want to knead this
and now once everything has come
together I'm going to lightly dust the
worktable with some refined flour
and after needing this to a soft dough
let us sum refine fly in a bowl put this
in I'm going to cover this with a wet
muslin cloth and then I'm going to keep
this in a warm place but on 22 point I'm
so now after 20 to 25 minutes as you can
see the dough has risen and I've become
double in size quickly I am going to
dust some refined on my work table and
remove this dough out nice soft and full
with air now I'm going to remove the air
out of this
so let's knock back the dope
so now after moving the air now I'm
going to line the dough in a baking tin
so let's take a baking tin which I'm
going to grease it with some olive oil
so now I'm going to take the dough place
it inside the tin and with your finger
just spread it out and now again I'm
going to cover this with a wet muslin
cloth and keep this for proven for
around ten minutes and now for the
topping let's cut some peppers
similarly I'm going to cut the yellow
pepper with this I'm also going to slice
some olives which are pitted so now
after 10 minutes as you can see again
the dough has risen now again with my
fingers I'm going to press the dough
down and now this I'm going to put some
olive oil lots of olive oil and next I'm
going to sprinkle the peppers on the top
and then let's place the olive and now
some fresh herb I'm going to sprinkle
some rosemary on the top and then some
seasoning sea salt and then finally I'm
going to crush some pepper and now some
more olive oil on top and now I'm going
to place this in the preheated oven at
180 degree Celsius for around 15 to 20
minutes so your focaccia is perfectly
big and I've got it down to the room
temperature so now let's give all this
so now let's slice this I can smell some
fresh aroma of that rosemary it looks
gorgeous I can't resist myself to eat as
it is very close to my heart I'm going
to finish this up you do try this and
let me know
if you liked the videos that we share on
YouTube do subscribe to us on our
YouTube channel