so you got this your pan that left
outside obviously you're rusty because I
don't want to throw it away so I can
avoid it
so you don't have to buy a new one I
mean come on how many times you really
wanted to buy stuff like that
so I saw something on Pinterest about
removing rust on the metal with vinegar
so we're going to try it out so I'm
going to get this I'm going to try to
fill it as much as I can without make it
a mess with vinegar and then I'm going
to let it sit for about an hour and I
would I don't know that it said on the
one that I saw how long to let it sit
but I'm going to let it sit for an hour
just because that sounds like a good
time frame for me and then I'll come
back and see what's left on it if it did
anything and I will so you look that
it's done I've just got all-natural I
percent acidity distilled white vinegar
nothing fancy and I'm just going to go
ahead and try to carefully pour this
with my left hand I am so nominated my
brother would be able to do this just
fine cuz he's left-handed leave I can
already see it swirl and stuff up
pieces are rice
my daughter got her chrome booklet so
she had to put it in rice last night and
since I knew I wanted to clean this I
just laid the rice in this this morning
and that race will not be used for
eating
which is why am i racing is empty okay
so I've got this in there I'm going to
set my timer on my phone for an hour and
I will bring you back and so you can
kind of see that it's already starting
to do something looks gross I know that
then guard just pour it in does not look
like it's clean or usually whatever you
want to call you can kind of see that
surface this really grody
Wow everyone caught but I'm going to go
I don't want that set for an hour and I
will bring you back for an hour you can
still see the grill dienes on the top of
it I'm going to dump out the vinegar
into the sink and see if I can scrub off
whatever rust or soaked off I'll find
that out in this a second when I dump
this so I'm going to put you here on a
tripod and then I will be right back
never care about that how to adjust
[Music]
oh c'mon
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
very
[Music]
Oh
so not perfect by any means shines or
prefer taper down when I use a sheet
anyway so I'm actually quite happy with
our pudding that's come see if I can do
a before and after pic and eyes where
all attaches to the video so you can
come back obviously but now they can
prove again not perfect but definitely
usable now and some fighting again cover
my fans and parchment paper before I
cook them high and perfectly I do it
I thought I was asked to drill this leg
right guys there you do whenever good do
quite a bit of a good job teaching
you