what are the ingredients flour starch
touch pad stopped
cup of water
then
what's that go it log na boo boo how
about you Jess can you say that too in
flower flower the floor is right there
na na right out 12 in got 12 and and
what's this called what's that gold
globe mom please play what yeah we're
going in here yes can you please floor
yeah but the floor inside your blank
book yes hot like it put the floor first
put them in the bowl there you go good
job Jack's put them in the bowl
thank you and not with Callie not going
to eat darling not yet and there's a
salt sound good job okay now please mix
them very carefully we get your spatula
mm-hmm be careful because we don't want
the pepper to go out I'm going to blame
the water what's that go it looks like
what it looks like a plague o from that
from my finger get em oh no finger
puppets puppy so you remember that part
yes wow what we're doing is we're mixing
a batter okay I know how telling me too
they're just like the people mixing the
batter and they're we're going to put
our oil it slimy yeah and you say quite
quick please quick quick okay ready for
our next step what's that you want some
Judd go ahead okay we'll put the quail
eggs on the cornstarch oh no now I don't
get the cornstarch just put them in
there jazz how about you okay but the
last ones come on roll them in the
cornstarch there you go just be careful
okay
when they're covered with cornstarch we
can put the quail eggs into the batter
we have some already in here this is our
batter I'm quite thick batter there you
go good job well my other son is getting
busy with this quail eggs thank you
and then the last step would be to fry
them will be ready for our quack quack
you
you