hello everyone where to today we'll be
making choco pancakes now after this is
delicious recipe and it only requires
his simplest of ingredients in zip
pancake mix and cocoa powder now let's
get started alright so the first thing
you gon want to do is magic two-thirds
cup pancake mix
alright and we're just going to pour
that in there and it's okay of some
sports because you can always send in
the bladder and we're also where you are
using instant just add water mix so make
sure okay next you're going to want to
add in one half cup of water over to our
trusty sink and it doesn't you just
going to add a Google pattern until
you're okay with the mix but you don't
we put too much or too little or else
the kid pinky with the town dry or just
like our good pancake and what's the fun
and neither of those two stuff so just
adding tote comes a nice like dark brown
and see right here we're just stirring
and stirring and stir just going to want
to mix until it's there all the
ingredients are combined we don't want
any stray so get all around the bowl and
get all up in there and if it's too
thick you can always add some extra what
you're going to want to do is turn your
stove to medium heat you're going to
want to spray your skillet lightly put
inside as you can see our pancake batter
did change the added a little bit more
water and a little bit more pancake mix
to make it a little bit more running
knee as you can see this is the end
result secor going to be spatula so the
first thing that you're going to do this
just make like a regular pancake you're
just going to take your batter and if
you screwed it on but I'm going to pour
nice sir both shape so you get as big as
you like and then this step is optional
but I really like a chocolate flavor so
we're just going to add in some chips
gonna as many as you want last and final
step is once you see a lot of bubbles
you're going to flip the pancake you
want to make sure you don't burn it but
you don't want it to be too light
perfect so as you can
we've made our pancake look delicious we
added some chocolate syrup and some
raspberries and maybe just one chocolate
chip on top that's not talking droid
over here today thank you for watching
and don't forget to subscribe