alright are you tired of hearing
everyone talking about this stuff you're
tired of Thomas the Lauer talking about
the benefits of apple cider vinegar and
now every time you go on YouTube seems
like every single fitness gurus touting
the benefits of apple cider vinegar I
will be the first to admit that I love
the stuff and I am a huge proponent and
a huge advocate for its use but I also
want people to know that there are other
things that you can utilize and give you
similar benefits to acetic acid which is
the active component in apple cider
vinegar so in this video I'm gonna give
you a few different things that you can
start using if apple cider vinegar isn't
exactly your cup of well apple cider
vinegar but first let me say aside from
the acetic acid that's in apple cider
vinegar there's one very unique thing
that other things just don't come close
to and that's the fact that the mother
which is usually the active or the
biologically active component of the
apple cider vinegar is very very
powerful contains unique protein strands
and different enzymes that actually
literally help your DNA and your RNA and
help digestion
so although apple cider vinegar is going
to be the top of the food chain when it
comes down to this list I do want you to
know that it's for that reason ok but
let's talk about the acetic acid because
by and large that's the main component
of apple cider vinegar that makes it so
awesome and makes it unique and there's
a lot of studies that have pointed to
the different benefits of apple cider
vinegar but they're usually linking
right back to that primary component
which is acetic acid now this acetic
acid does two main things within our
body that we're concerned with at least
when it comes down to fat burning one is
going to be reducing your glucose levels
and the other is going to be improving
the glycemic index of a given food or
improving the satiety that's resulted
from a given food what that means is
when you eat something apple cider
vinegar can reduce the impact on your
body as far as the negative implications
are concerned so let's take a look at
some science the Journal of diabetes
research did a study not that long ago
that took a look at apple cider vinegar
and acetic acid in particular and what
they found was that there's a direct
relationship with the consumption of
acetic acid and fasting glucose levels
in fact quite dramatically
they found that fasting glucose levels
in type 2 diabetics decreased
dramatically after just one to two
applications of apple cider vinegar or
acetic acid now what blood sugar is is
going to be ultimately the energy that's
flowing around through your body in the
bloodstream so if we increase glucose
uptake and reduce fasting glue
it means the cells are using that
glucose for energy versus it just
floating around in the bloodstream now
they also found in the same study that
apple cider vinegar or acetic acid ended
up reducing plasma levels of
triglycerides and also plasma levels of
insulin and again if you've seen my
videos before you know that insulin is
definitely going to be a big root of why
or why not
we either burn fat or don't burn fat but
also when you can reduce plasma levels
of triglycerides you reduce the
essential storage of adipose tissue
you're making life a lot easier for
yourself making a lot harder for your
body to actually store fat so
additionally the European Journal of
Clinical Nutrition published a study
that took a look at the satiety hormones
and the glycemic index of a given food
when used in conjunction with of course
acetic acid what they did is they gave
test subjects 1.1 grams of acetic acid
or 1.3 or 1.5 or 1.7 grams of acetic
acid so what they found was that there
is a direct relationship with how much
acetic acid was consumed and the levels
of satiety hormones so as there was more
acetic acid in the picture there was
much more satiation meaning test
subjects were not nearly as hungry but
they also found there was a significant
decrease in blood glucose levels again
linearly based on how much acetic acid
they were consuming the 1.7 gram acetic
acid group ended up having a much more
dramatic reduction in fasting blood
glucose than the 1.1 group of course
thus proving that acetic acid is really
where the magic lies okay so let me give
you the alternatives because that's what
you're really here for the first thing
you need to know is that acetic acid is
in all vinegars it's not just apple
cider vinegar
so again apple cider vinegar has some
unique benefits because it has the
mother involved okay a lot more
enzymatic activity different protein
strands but any vinegar that you use so
if you end up using balsamic vinegar on
your salad you're still going to get the
benefits of acetic acid in fact most of
the studies that tout the benefits of
apple cider vinegar are telling the
benefits of acetic acid okay so you get
all the benefits of that if you're just
putting some vinegar on your salad the
next thing I want you to be paying
attention to is going to be having
fermented foods okay we're talking about
things like kimchi we're talking about
things like sauerkraut those utilize the
same vinegars to instill the
fermentation process so they're going to
contain high amounts of acetic acid if
as the fermentation process occurs
you're going to have even more acetic
acid that is produced now additionally
you can use kombucha in the same fashion
the only reason that people don't want
to use kombucha is because acetic acid
that's coming from apple cider vinegar
it couldn't be used in a fasted state
and essentially not break a fast whereas
if you were gonna have kombucha or if
you were gonna have sauerkraut or kimchi
you're breaking a fast and you're going
to you listen a little bit of an insulin
response whereas if you have straight
acetic acid coming from apple cider
vinegar you're not eliciting that
insulin response so it's safe to do in a
fasted state or safe to do immediately
when you wake up in ketosis now one of
the things that you may be shocked to
know is that if you use some no sugar
added ketchup you can get a very similar
benefit to having a tablespoon of apple
cider vinegar again you're not having
the benefits of the protein strands and
the enzymatic activity but you are going
to get the fasting blood glucose
reduction that's what we're really after
when it comes down to burning fat so the
short answer is if you're after apple
cider vinegar for body composition
reasons remember that you can use all
kinds of vinegars but if you're after it
for the myriad of other health benefits
you may just want to suck it up quite
literally because you're gonna want to
use a straw so you don't hurt the enamel
on your teeth when you're using apple
cider vinegar and really just get on the
ACV train now don't just listen to every
single guru that's out there in the
internet telling that apple cider
vinegar is gonna fix all of your
injuries and fix all of your health
concerns but it is definitely something
that you can add to your diet and will
be a value add to whatever you're after
as far as your health journey is
concerned as always keep it locked in
here in my channel and I will see you in
the next video