okay everybody's been asking about the
bearings on a survey and how to know
where your line should start and end
when doing property boundary check most
the time you'll have a survey in your
hand and let's say you've purchased this
property and you want to put up a fence
well you can't just walk out there and
start you know tying string and all that
stuff together from one post to the next
post you need to find this post and when
you're 600 plus feet even a hundred feet
away and dense vegetation like this it
makes it hard to do you can't just run a
line from here to here and expect it to
be straight you will probably have a
line that's all kind of crazy just
because of sheer obstacles in your way
again I will show you GPS bearings and
how to get from one point to the next
point using GPS and a handheld typical
military compass or lensatic compass or
whatever but for purposes of Google
Earth right now I'll show you how to get
your estimated boundary lines this
overlay does not have my bearings but it
has my distances if you recall I showed
you a previous survey with more
information on it see I didn't need all
this stuff in my overlay in Google Earth
so I went ahead and edited dollars so
with that said let's look at the
bearings here here are the bearings this
is the distance so you will travel down
these bearings this distance to get to
this from point to point alright so we
will do this top one here which is south
89 degrees 45 minutes 54 seconds east
all right so you may you may go back
over to Google Earth and I'll show you
the problem of that let's do a line and
you'll see
you can do your feet and distance here
roughly and your heading says zero
degrees watch what happens to the
heading when I start moving this line it
changes right now that is an issue right
so that bets degrees 360 is a circle
alright so that's a problem because
that's not what your bearings will look
like so
clear that and just so you know zero
degrees is from your starting point so
you will want to know as close as
possible to where that corner marker is
on your property all right so remember
zero is your starting point and you need
to know angular degrees for Google Earth
because you can't change the setting all
right how do you get angular degrees or
decimal degrees from your degrees
minutes and seconds to do the little
math all right
let's go back let's pull up a calculator
or you could probably find a conversion
on the web somewhere but here's a
straightforward way of doing this all
right so look 89 degrees you're gonna
add your minutes just 45 here's where it
starts getting a little strange
you're gonna divide by 60 at this point
okay
then you're gonna add your seconds plus
54
here's another tricky part divided by
3,600 and you get equals it's gonna give
you eighty nine point seven six five
decimal degrees okay eighty nine seven
six five go back into your Google Earth
it's probably easier if you do all the
math and then go into Google Earth so
we'll start we'll just start we'll start
here just for visual purposes it's my
fact that goes so remember it was six
hundred sixty two feet
so go out six hundred sixty two feet
I'm just calling it rough see where the
heading degrees is 662 and we want to
make sure that we're heading at eighty
nine point seven six so that is roughly
the area for my property however
remember it's been clear that I can show
you the correct one that is actually my
property line at the proper degrees so
we can do these but I think you get the
point
again here's the math for you go back
write this down so it's actually I'll
put it on the screen for you your whole
number degrees plus your minutes divided
by sixty plus seconds divided by 3600
three six zero zero and that will give
you a decimal degree please if you have
questions let me know
thanks for watching